Bob Swan: Thanks Ron. Yes, in terms of Europe and Korea, as you may remember back in July, we had a bit of anxiety just about the signs that we were seeing in both of those markets and how it was impacting our business. During the course of the third quarter, in essence, we looked at stable growth for 11% Q2, 11% Q3, and things kind of stabilized in what at that time had caused us the greatest anxiety. I think, there are some things that are working well in terms of what we are doing and some things that aren't, but in the aggregate we got nice fundamental, strong businesses with good stable growth. That's kind of first. Secondly, holiday weaker, you know the reality is the thing that’s caused us the most angst is a dramatically decelerating, what we believe is a dramatically decelerating U.S. e-commerce growth rate from the second quarter of 15.5% to 16% for comsCore to the third quarter of closer to 13%, so when we came into the third quarter, we looked at a stable U.S. market, and lo and behold in a relatively short period of time we have seen a pretty rapid deceleration in the market. I think for us that deceleration happened throughout the course of the quarter. Then as always, we take all the information we have at our disposal, which right now is roughly 15 days in, and we haven't really seen any more positive signs in October than what we experienced through the latter part of the third quarter in the U.S., so all of that and all the anxiety we see when we pick up the newspaper every day makes us fairly cautious about how we look at the holiday season and its impact on our outlook for the fourth quarter. I hope I am too conservative, but right now all the signs point to a bit of caution.
Bob Swan: I will do the first, John, and maybe handle the second. I think in terms of the decel that we are seeing in the quarter in level of confidence, we always try to -- at the risk of repeating myself, we always try to give you our best look based on everything that we are seeing. It's hard to be really confident when lots of the fundamentals that we are reading about are not all that positive. That being said, we are not expecting really any improvement for the fourth quarter from what we have experienced for the last eight to 10 weeks. So, we are expecting improvement. We are just assuming that things are going to stabilize where they are. E-commerce growth rates will not accelerate, but they will be stable, and we think we are well positioned to deal with an environment that doesn't get any worse than it kind of is right now.
Bob Swan: Gil, I had follow-on. In terms of the business model and the economics, its ease of integration and its relationship with developer communities has enabled it to get dramatic organic growth, so as we indicated at the time of the announcement, roughly $12 billion of TPV volume where the service provide is primarily a no risk PSP Flash gateway and the implications that are really three things for us. One is, significant volume, but we don't record gateway-type TPV in our external metrics, so for the most product it's not going to be a dramatic change on TPV. Secondly, because of the nature of the service they provide, they get insight into all transactions that get processed, however their take rate is very low relative to ours, so the revenue impact is relatively small. Then third the opportunities and John touched on these is, how do you leverage their relationship with developers, mobile users, sharing economy, merchants, coupled with PayPal integration, so over time Braintree gets visibility to all transactions and PayPal as a source or only way to pay can get enhanced economics as it gets share check out on Braintree merchants, so that's kind of the strategic and then the financial implications for the business for us.
Bob Swan: And then Sanjay, I think your question was around the merchant conversations and we go offline and the impact on acquirer. We are in essence, continuing to move ahead and what we said earlier this year and same for the last really 12 to 18 months, which is we want to build out as close to ubiquitous acceptance as possible over a period of multiple years, so that involves direct conversations with the very largest merchant and those continue. That involves the other end of the spectrum growing out PayPal here, clearly very, very smallest. Then further up, the largest segment which is a middle segment, working with the existing people on the ecosystem. We are not trying to go around the payments ecosystem, we are trying to work with the merchant acquires, we are trying to work with the existing point-of-sale providers to integrate PayPal into the existing hardware and software - really infrastructure in the payments offline world. We are continuing to make progress in doing that. It's sort of one step at a time and merchants continue. The good news is merchants continue to have very much want to get PayPal to point-of-sale, thus they want to be able to offer their consumers easy enhanced ways to pay and also have a direct relationship with those consumers when they are in the stores. One of the things is perhaps been the biggest progress in Q3 or the newest progress is actually less than a merchant site it's more in getting our mobile app, the PayPal mobile app re-launched and for our iOS and for Android. You see now, you can easily discover what merchants around your accept PayPal, so that makes it easier for consumers and then we have been focused on couple of consumer used cases where we are trying to take a consumer pain points and in some very targeted geography really maybe even neighborhoods where we are working on order ahead which is a used case that consumer say they want. We had some early indication about the case. The ability to pay at table, without having to wait for your check and offering merchants the opportunity to provide a closed group offer to a consumer in their stores, so all of this is trying to increase the value that PayPal would bring to a merchant and which I think in time will increase everyone in the pressure, if you will, or the incentive for every one of payment ecosystem to help support these solutions.
Bob Swan: We are very upfront. We are still working to find ways to allow these brands and retailers to fully leverage eBay marketplace. So it's an ongoing, I don't know, call it learning journey, if you will, but more and more of them, I think, our trying to leverage the platform and leverage the traffic. Also eBay Now, some of them want to tie some things in with eBay Now and they are looking really to leverage the eBay Inc. full set of assets. When we sit down with retailers, in fact we were having dinner with one last week, Bob and I were. He said, what I really want access to the eBay Inc. set of assets and all the innovation you are doing around mobile, around local. So they are open to exploring ways to take full advantage of that. And we are still learning how to most effectively deliver and leverage that.
Bob Swan: Yes, Scott. First just a quick reminder of our multi-year outlook. Enable e-commerce volume of $175 billion and growing to $300 billion or roughly 19% growth rate. To that, mobile is going to be a significant contributor and our intention was to lead and while overall growth was in the 19% to 20%, mobile would be more in the 65% growth rate over that three year time frame. Then third, we set our take rate or that role that we play in all the Inc technologies that merchants consume over that three year time frame will go from roughly 8% to 7.5%. So that's tied to the macro things about strategically what it is we are trying to do and how we are going after it. Year one, or as we characterize it, three deposits into the 12 deposit journey, e-commerce volume is up roughly 21%. Mobile volume is up roughly 80% over the first three quarter and our take rate is right around 7.6%. So at the lower end of the range. So in that context, in terms of strategically what we are trying to do and the momentum at the enterprise we feel relatively good. At the same time obviously, in year one of our about three year journey, we are at the lower end of 2013's revenue and earnings range and we have characterized macroeconomic being a little worse than we expected, currency being a little worst than we expected but we continued to invest in the things that John highlighted so we can be accelerating growth over the three year timeframe. So that backdrop on what we said is kind of where we are 270 days through. Then the last thing I would say is, right I am not thinking about selflessly. I am not thinking about '14 or '15 right now. We are thinking about delivering for our merchants in the fourth quarter this year and as we get through the year one of the journey, we will provide more context for how we think about '14 in January.
Bob Swan: Well, thanks for the question. Let me just comment first on the re-platforming for PayPal, Glenn, which is quite important. David is sitting across me, he has more grey hair at the end of the year than he did at the beginning, because re-doing this platform is essential for us to accelerate the pace of innovation and allow us to rollout some of the new products. We are actually holding some of our new products to roll them out on the new stack to do it more efficiently, so our re-platforming efforts are on track. It is sort of I would year end to three years. Some of the newest experiences are built on the new stack, if you will, and that will continue. Braintree does not really slow it down. What it does is, allows us to run the, what I call the unbranded payments platform parallel to the kind of core PayPal platform. What Braintree really does is, it's the unbranded payments and gateway platform and so that will consider to keep those separate, we will over time be merging the PayPal unbranded volume to the Braintree platform, so it allows us. You could say it accelerates things and it allows us to go side-by-side. It won't make the PayPal piece itself go any faster, but it just means, it's one last thing we have to re-platform on the PayPal site.
Bob Swan: 78.4678%. Glenn, I don't know. My reaction is they all should worry. So I don't know if we have that. I am sure we don't have that card data but here is what we are doing, which is ensuring that the PayPal checkout process and checkout experience is as good as it possibly can be. So any of you that, and I am sure many of you do, use eBay mobile apps whether it's your smartphone or a tablet. It's one click checkout. It's fast. It's simple. It's easy. Increasingly, the new checkout experience that the PayPal teams built for web, as the new stack rolls out, as the new platform rolls out, you will see it. It's a significantly enhanced and improved checkout experience. Some of the checkout experiences that we are developing for the offline world, things like Beacon, actually are no click, if you really look at it. So our focus is ensuring that PayPal user experience makes significant progress over the coming months and years. We have got products built. They are in the pipeline. We will be rolling them out just like we have rolled them out on to the eBay web and mobile apps.
Bob Swan: StubHub, I would say, Brian, is what all of our - so StubHub continues a very strong growth and I think a strong growth is going to attract competition over time, but what we are doing with StubHub is we are investing heavily in providing these absolute best consumer experience out there. And if you look at the consumer experience, the consumer net promoter scores, the way we absolutely guarantee fans have the best possible experience on StubHub. That's the best way to address any competition now or down the road. And that also will drive the most traffic to StubHub which drives the highest price realization. So I would say StubHub has some of the absolute best consumer experiences on our portfolio. And it has a rabid commitment to delivering great experiences. If you ever have a problem at StubHub they make it right. That's the most powerful way to compete, which is having the absolute best consumer experience. That's reflected in our traffic which is, I think, reflected in the growth rate. So we will continue to make that kind of investment in StubHub business and we think that is the best way to continue to compete going over time. So I guess that's it, Tom.
John Donahoe: And Colin, on the new user growth and the mobile user monetization over time, as we said, we had continued double-digit user growth across both businesses, and I think in the quarter was up almost 36% of our new users came via mobile. So what's clear is a lot of new users are coming to us via mobile, and I really like the demographics. They are the demographics of the future because they tend to be younger and they tend to come from -- not tend to but there is a significant portion that comes from BRIC and emerging markets, kind of markets of the future. So, it’s just a fact that the younger people have less disposable income, and the people in the BRIC and emerging markets, because they are buying cross-border don't really have domestic eBay markets to buy from, they don't buy quite as frequently. So what we are doing is we are obviously monitoring the number of transactions for those users as they mature and the total GMV, and the good news is they are getting better so that there was a – once they use use eBay more, they tend to grow their number of transactions and grow their GMV over time, but the slopes of those cohort curves are simply lower than the slope of a more developed market or our higher disposable income demographic. So what we are doing about it is making sure that we have the best inventory available for international BRIC and emerging market sellers. So something like the Russian site really increases the richness of selection that Russian consumers have, for instance, and how easy it is for them to get that inventory, and we are trying to grow our inventory that appeals to younger demographics. The last thing we are doing is increasing engagement. One of the things that's a good thing about a mobile user, they tend to engage more frequently even if they don't always buy, and some of the stuff we are doing with eBay Feed and our mobile apps are driving growth -- growing engagement with those customers. So, we still don’t not have enough data to sort of what would I call highly predictive cohorts, but we like the demographic. We like the trends and we are working on making sure that we grow those users into valuable long-term customers.
John Donahoe: Yes, Gil, why don't I just quickly revisit the rationale of why we acquired Braintree and then Bob maybe you can talk about some of the specific questions Gil was asking. We have been watching Braintree for the last 12 to 18 months and really liked the progress they are making in two very important markets. First, with developers. They built a really simple product that developers find very attractive to integrate into their new products and new businesses. As you know, we have been developing our developer product as well, but when we finally looked at it side-by-side, we decided that we were best off taking Braintree's and then merging ours into it, so the developer community we think is the real growth opportunity for eBay going forward or PayPal going forward and will use Braintree. Second, Braintree has done a great job of becoming the payments provider for many of the new economy or sharing economy companies that are growing and growing quite rapidly, and their payment solution really works well for those, so what we really like about it is, it positions PayPal into these two high-growth markets, but then the last thing they have is they acquired a little company called Venmo which has a user experience on mobile payments that is pretty compelling. It allows you to basically with one-click payment pay across different apps that Braintree powers across someone's mobile device, so we thought this company was a nice fit with PayPal to help us build almost a payments OS, and we will run it separately. Bill Ready will report to David, but we will do everything we can to leverage PayPal's strengths to help Braintree expand internationally and to ensure that we are developing the most competitive products for the developer community and also working with that Venmo Touch to see if we link that to PayPal's user base and PayPal accounts.
John Donahoe: First a modest acceleration in that, so 29% up to 30%, we feel good about. We don't feel great, we would love to see more acceleration in the business, primarily merchants' equity in the online world has given us kind of the modest growth when you cut through it all. In terms of the lower take rate, it's really got some consistency in this metric that you have seen over time. First the more we grow our merchant services business relative to eBay and the more in that merchant services we have a larger merchant mix which are both extremely important to us and all good stuff, the lower the take rate. Think about that as maybe a little more than the one-third of the decline in the take rate year-on-year. The second thing is, our FX hedges. We hedge our international exposures in PayPal through the revenue line. In the quarter the impact from our hedges were not as favorable as they were a year ago. It had less than a third impact and that's one that will not - well may or may not continue. It's more how we hedge and what the impact is. The third one. It has to deal with cross-border trade. And I think about this as kind of not quite a third but in that magnitude. And what it is, as we grow our cross-border trade and help merchants reach consumers in new markets, how we monetize that, can change over time. So if a U.K. merchant is selling into Germany, we could help them grow their business by setting up local accounts. They get better growth. They eliminate some of the restriction locally for their consumer and all that keeps our take rate is down a little bit. For us we think that's a great thing for merchants. We think it's a great thing for the health of the business. The negative impact is it has an impact on our take rate. That one will continue as well and that's not a new phenomena. So if you want to use roughly a-third, a-third, a-third I think two of those are things that are fundamentally good decisions that we make over time to grow our merchant relationship. The impact is a lower take rate and likewise we believe higher volume for the business and our merchants.
John Donahoe: So I think on holiday season, I think Sanjay, our coming in the year was more about maybe for the full year we are going to accelerate the level of investments across the company in several key vectors whether it was expand globally, where it was expand though Omnichannel locally or whether it was to expand with data and engagement. I think as a company, we have said we are going to make more investments during the course of 2013 and in the fourth quarter what we would see from those higher investments during the course of the year is more leverage on higher growth. So that's kind of generically where we were and what we have been doing in terms of investment during the year. If you isolate the fourth quarter or maybe more marketplace, or eBay specifically, our expectation is that we will be making more investments as we always do and usually the more challenging the economic times, the more we believe that we have to lean in on behalf of our merchants to spend more on sales and marketing related activities that drive higher growth. So in that's specific area we always spend more Q3 to Q4 reflected in our guidance as we will in fact be leaning in and spending more on sales and marketing.
John Donahoe: I know that you are a big eBay shopper, so I am sure you know the answer already, because you are always on the site. I think what you have is a mix in terms of both, retail brand, but I would say for brands it's a bit easier. I think, secondly, characteristics-wise, the verticals with higher gross margins, who can spend more to drive demands through alternative distribution channels like eBay. I think the way the relationship builds is they start out trying with a relatively narrow selection, test and learn, expand the selection about what moves and then evolves into multiple different formats, a daily deal to try something where they have deep SKU inventory and/or fast and tight experiences where we use what historically we call fashion vault as a category to display their inventory in new and different ways, so it kind of is retailer's brand, verticals, higher growth margins tendencies, start with a store and then expand into other formats is kind of how the relationships have been building.
John Donahoe: Braintree doesn't compete with Express Checkout. No, because Braintree captures a 100% of its customers payments and that's the beauty of it. It covers a 100% of their payments across all channels whether it's mobile apps or web and so as we are PayPal Express Checkout only covers the PayPal portion, so PayPal will be one of the alternatives in the full suite of Braintree solutions, but they don't really compete. I think as merchants get larger and some of Braintree's largest merchants are looking to add PayPal's Express Checkout button on as one of the ways you would pay and then we are finding nice ways to leverage Braintree and PayPal. As you said, I think we will have the ability to have seamless account creation for consumers and so that if you are registered as a PayPal user then you will be able to use any Braintree-enabled path or customer site.
John Donahoe: Yes. I would say on listing fee simplification, the primary impact that you are seeing is a dramatic expansion in selection. So I think right before we did it, we were around 450 million items into a variety of things whether its same fee simplification, expanding relationship with large merchants we are over 0.5 billion listings today. And in terms of, obviously the broader selection we have the more we serve up the right inventory that impacts the growth of the business.
