Devin Wenig: Yes, Ross, thanks for the question. I will take the first and I will let Scott do the new buyer dynamics. On the overall environment, I guess what I would say is there's no change to our conversation with retailers and there's definite change to our conversations with brands. So vis-à-vis retailers, it hasn't since the new leadership team took over it hasn’t been a core part of our focus. There are some retailers that sell successfully on eBay. We’re pleased about those relationships, but we're not looking to expand those relationships aggressively and we’re more focused on bringing outstanding inventory and where we can direct from the source. I think that the conversation with brands has definitely changed. They’re now looking at a platform that is doing $20 billion a quarter, it has $169 million active buyers and we are -- I expect that will accelerate the pace of brand acquisitions through this year, meaning there will be more brands that sell directly or through resellers on eBay directly. And those conversations I think have gone very, very well. It's a little bit -- it depends on the category, but I'm really pleased and I think that for brands what they see in eBay is a cost-effective channel to and a very progressive technology partner, which is what they need to navigate the world that’s coming. And on active buyer, Scott.
Devin Wenig: Thanks. I will take the first again and I will let Scott second. On advertising marketing generally, we are now in a rapid period of user experience improvements. I’m pretty pleased by that. There is never a perfect time to start stepping up your advertising and marketing, but we feel like this is the right time. And we will take the next step this quarter Q2 and for the brand spend you need some time to really measure that properly. It's too soon to know we’ve made a dramatic impact, but as you heard from Scott, as we stepped up the brand we’ve seen traffic at a bit better and new buyers get a bit better. So we like that. And we think it is important as I’ve said in previous calls to correct any misperceptions about eBay's business today and to set that in the context of a phenomenal e-commerce experience for consumers across segments. So we’re going to take the next step this quarter and on the other more traditional advertising channels that we've always done things like paid search and social, we’re now on 18 different social channels and messaging platforms. We’re seeing better ROIs. I think we've been doing this for quite a while. We've been pretty good at it and we’re optimizing those channels very well. So across the piece we are going to lean into this to try to drive traffic and buyers to what we think is now rapidly improving experience. And it's exactly what we said we would do and so far we like the results we see. It's one point I want to stay cautious and as you heard from Scott, it may not just be up from here. But there were a few consecutive quarters of user growth decline and now we’ve bent that curve and that's what we were hoping and expecting this quarter, so I’m pleased with that. On StubHub, Scott.
Devin Wenig: Yes, Heath. On the StubHub take rate and just to what we said, it was 22.3%, an increase of 190 basis points year-over-year, but down 20 basis points quarter-over-quarter with the decrease being -- it is really driven by the decrease in buyer incentives as I called out. I don't really view that as a long-term structural change one way or the other. Really as we look towards the future, we removed our fan rewards program last year and are currently in the process of revamping to a different type of program. And so, I don't expect the take rate to continue to go up nor do I expect that a significant change downwards on our underlying core StubHub U.S platform take rate.
Devin Wenig: I think naturally yes, Heath, they will. Just like we had a period of time in Marketplaces where our GMV and revenue were disconnected you get weird year-over-year comparisons that can drive that, but I don't view that as a long-term thing.
Devin Wenig: Again, we will share it. Let me was first talk about these generally. We’re always evaluating our fee structures and we take any change to fees quite seriously. In our Spring Seller release, which was about a month ago, we did make some fee changes. There will be some -- for some sellers an increase in take rate and a bit of a decrease in discounting for certain sellers. The reason we did that are really two reasons. One, this is a year of significant investment in tools that we’re going to give sellers to optimize their velocity and their margin on the eBay Marketplace. So there will be significant investments and products rolling out around seller hub and also significantly what we're including with our fees going forward for quite a few sellers is promoted listings as part of that package. Now this is important because we’re seeing rapid growth in our promoted listings business as we take third-party ads of the site in certain areas, particularly our third-party PLA's. That's important for eBay, because it drive to help your ecosystem. It keeps people inside our ecosystem and our Marketplace to transact. It's important for sellers, because it drives additional velocity, and for promoted listings it gives them the ability to promote inventory inside eBay and get additional velocity for some trade-off of margin, but that's now packaged inside the fee. So, basically it's a marginal fee increase in return for what we think are significant seller benefits that they will be getting this year in 2017.
Devin Wenig: I'm very optimistic in our advertising business. I think that it's really worth the very beginning we’re seeing really nice growth in our first-party advertising business. We just really gotten ramping on that. And when you think about a business of our size and our velocity and a business that’s doing hundreds of millions of searches a day and a business that has 169 million active buyers, we really do believe that that the advertising business is a great opportunity over time. And we’ve said that on the previous calls and in this quarter confirms it. We’re really pleased with the trajectory of our advertising business.
Devin Wenig: We haven't said a number and in part that number will be depending on testing and learning. But as I think I said last quarter, you won't be able to miss it by this holiday and the number will be a lot higher than 7%. There's almost no chance that it won't be. And we are going to rapidly start to -- we are rapidly going to start to expose more traffic and more experiences to these new experiences that we think are performing quite well. So, there isn't a number, but it'll be a lot higher. And keep in mind also we’re just ramping brand. We’re just beginning that spend. That will be -- people will see that meaningfully early this summer when we take the next step. So, there are a lot of irons in the fire like you said, but as Scott also said, we've got some very tough lapping quarters. Remember, a year-ago StubHub was growing mid 30s plus. So the StubHub lapping is super tough for the next couple of quarters. The business is in great shape. I think the business is healthy, but the growth rates are going to get substantially suppressed over the next few quarters. But that doesn't change what’s happening in the core Marketplace business which we feel good about.
Devin Wenig: On -- it’s a good question. On the new users, I guess what I would say is it's too soon to ascertain shopping patterns, because remember the cohort is 30 days older, 60 days older, at best 90 days old. So it’s a little early. But we do think that in terms of who they are demographic segmentation, they’re skewing a little younger and a little more female, which is interesting, And you'll see us market that way in the summer. We certainly think that's an untapped potential. We -- our intention is to improve consideration of the eBay brand among millennials, among women. We have large fire bases there, but we’re underrepresented relatively to our other segments. So it's encouraging to see more new users come from those segments and we think that's just the beginning of that. But in terms of their shopping behavior, a little early to tell. I think we need a little more longitude to be able to know that.
Devin Wenig: So we’re pretty pleased with what we’ve been seeing on this. In terms of SEO structured data is now 16% of SEO share, which is up and obviously 7% of total traffic which is up for 4%, which we exited last quarter. And I think that as I said to Colin before, that number will go up quite a bit. Conversion, bounce rates all the things we spoken about in previous calls look good as on SEO as we’ve grown our share, we have not diminished our conversion which is still double digits out in the SEO ecosystem which is great. On organic, we're at par and we're just starting to iterate that. So that's pretty good and gives us the license to go faster, which will do. So I think where we want to be vis-à-vis categories, we're focusing very much on the categories that you would imagine have the highest impact of catalog. Those are hard good categories, those are electronics, they’re certain home and garden categories. You know, it’s across the spectrum. I mean, we’ve issued -- we’re rolling structured data out across the business, but as we said previously most of our focus is at the head and in hard good type categories where a catalog makes the biggest impact. As you move down the tail, it’s a unique one-off items type of things that sell uniquely on eBay. I’m not saying catalog is irrelevant, but it's not as impactful in areas like that. So we're focused on head categories and hard good categories initially where we're seeing the biggest impact.
Devin Wenig: It's a great question. Keep in mind as we said previously, about two thirds of all items in the U.S today are delivered in three days or less. And we think that that's not well understood, particularly by -- that factors into the consideration of the eBay brand issue. So without a subscription, without charging people extra, we’re today delivering millions of items in three days or less. So there are really two things that we think are directly implicated by the program that we announce, Scott. One is we are going to expand that inventory, because we’re asking sellers to opt in. We are getting really good uptake from our sellers, many want to and can, and that will expand the addressable inventory that is deliverable within three days. The second is the user experience, and there will be a change in the user experience where our customers can sort and filter by three days or two days, or even one day. And sometimes they will pay for that, but many times it will be free. As we said, out of those 20 million items, millions of them will be shipped for free. So we do think that there will be -- we’ve iterated with this in the past with something like fast and free, this is a much more aggressive step to say you'll be able to shop eBay on millions of items and we think in millions of those items will have the best price delivered in three days and delivered in three days for free. We just think this is a way to stick our competitive advantage right out there and have no questions about why people shop on eBay and why they should. So both the product change vis-à-vis the ability to sort filter and shop by three days or less and an inventory change vis-à-vis the request that sellers opt in to get that increased exposure. And so far we’re getting a really nice uptake of sellers. I wouldn't want to yet say what percent of GMV will be covered. I suspect that will change over time anyway, but I hope that we can come out of the gate with a meaningful number, a meaningful portion of GMV covered so that it's an impactful program.
Devin Wenig: It will be merchants opt in a set of inventory. So they may not be able to opt all their inventory, but they will be able to opt in what inventory they’re committing to ship within three days or less.
Devin Wenig: Mark, you’re just limited to two -- we’re just going to limit it to two for now. We got others in the queue. Okay. On paid search, we are -- our plan is to move paid search to structured data pages this quarter, Q2, probably more towards the end of the quarter. So I don't think it will have a big Q2 impact, but our hope is that we will see improved conversion which will result in improved ROI and we operate our paid search business to an ROI curve. So my hope is that's another reason to lean into that. And as Scott said, why are we advertising more, because we think we're getting an impact. We wouldn't advertise, we wouldn't be spending in any channel if we weren't getting an marketing impact. If we can move the ROI curve on paid search further out, that’s great. We will put more money into that, we will drive more growth. On promoted listings, you know I wouldn't want to say what percent mark of GMV can move under that. I guess, I just say we are moving from -- we started with a limited number of sellers. We started with multi-SKU inventory only. We will now be expanding to single SKU items. In other words, unique items that will be able to be promoted. They will focus on business sellers, but eventually we don't see any reason why a consumer seller shouldn't be able to promote their item as well. And we’re really focused on making the product so easy to use that anybody who is on eBay the first time could make the choice to promote that item and happily pay a little bit of their take rate more to get visibility and exposure and hopefully more velocity. So I think it's going to be important and I think it will cover a meaningful portion of our business, but I’m not going to predict the number at this point.
Devin Wenig: Ron, thanks. A lot of this goes back to the decisions that we made a year-ago. Structured data helps this and the decision to invest in a platform, a unified platform that sellers could use is now manifesting itself in a product that we're proud of. It -- as we said last quarter, we’re growing the number of business sellers on eBay. And part of the reason for that is we think it's a very cost-effective channel with great velocity, but also they’re getting better and better tools, and that's just starting. We are going to do a lot more this year. Using once you have structured data, once you’ve inventory level visibility, we can then tell sellers here is your velocity in a certain category or your pricing is too high. You’re not moving inventory, because you're not price competitive or if you make these changes then we think you'll get this type of return. So, a lot of -- Seller Hub is a management tool, but it's also a data platform. And what I am most excited about is the ability to give our sellers actionable data to allow them to make better decisions to drive either margin or velocity, their choice, to drive their business and make eBay an incredibly effective channel for them to run their commerce business. I'd also say, keep in mind, that we’re also giving better tools to C2C sellers. So C2C has been a problem for a while. It's very encouraging to me to now see two consecutive quarters of 3% growth after years of decline. One of the things that we’re doing, that we talked about is giving consumer sellers the ability to list simply and to manage their listings much, much more elegantly and not churn them because of the complexity of eBay. And we’re really -- we made progress on that, but I’d say we’re also just at the beginning of that, I expect 2017 to be a year where we give our consumer sellers significant additional tools and listing tools to minimize complexity. So all of this is big investments in our sellers to give them the ability to join eBay and then be successful on our platform. Let's go and wrap up operator. Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Hey Ross, on active buyers, as we called out we grew active buyers at 4% this quarter, which was a one point acceleration versus last quarter's growth rate. I would call out three primary drivers of that strength. The first is we feel like our new experiences that are being expanded to a larger portion of our buyers are beginning to help. Its showing up in the form of lower churn rates and/or retain buyer base. Second, our structured data pages on SCO are starting to contribute to new buyer growth, and while not at a material scale yet we are seeing early positive signs. And as we step up our brand investments, we see a halo effect across most of our marketing base of traffic. And so, look, the improvements in our buyer funnel have not been linear. I do think that as we look towards the future it might not be linear, but we believe that active buyer growth is one of the metrics to your question that we look at closely and should portend an acceleration in GMV. Next question.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, maybe a bit more color, Justin. We had 20% more sellers this quarter using our promoted listing product than last quarter. And if you look at the overall -- while the overall contribution revenue isn't that great, again just to call out that that promoted listings will be showing up in take rate not in MS&O revenue. But as we make that shift from third-party ads and removing them and that will reduce MS&O, but certainly our overall broadly termed ad business, I think, I completely agree with that Devin said.
Scott Schenkel: Sure. Why don’t I take that Colin. I think a couple of things. First off, for Q2, I think it's important to remember that we’re expecting to see Marketplaces GMV and revenue acceleration within our guidance of the 5% to 7% on organic revenue, which is again similar to this quarter going to be offset by the PayPal operating agreement and the top lapping that StubHub has. And so, as we look at the quarter, I think it's -- the Q2 guidance is right in line with what we expected and I think we feel good based on some of the things that we saw on Q1 heading into Q2. And as we look at the second half of the year, there's really no change in what we told you in January. We still expect a 2 points of Marketplaces volume acceleration for the year to occur based on the changes that we’re making to our user experience as well as the increased investment levels that we’re making in brand.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, Eric, on Q2 margin, specifically, I don't think there's really any change with maybe just two highlights to the underlying cost structure as we head into this quarter. First is the product development investments that we’ve made and we will continue to make to move on the product experiences and activate the things that we've been talking about. And the second part is brand. There will be a ramp, particularly in offline brand advertising throughout the year as we’ve called out. To date, we’ve paid for that with efficiencies and productivity within the marketing buckets by and large, and we will continue to do some of that. But some of that will end up bleeding through into the margin line over the course of the next few quarters.
Scott Schenkel: I’d call out a few things and real quickly the new experiences as we parse out our underlying user base. What we see is those new user experiences appear to be helping. It lower our churn rates in our routine buyer base. And the second is the structured data pages that we’re rolling out in SCO in a small way is starting to attract new buyers to the ecosystem and the step up in the brands impacting, it appears to be impacting across multiple channels. And so, those would be the call out in the active buyers. Obviously in the U.S., we’ve rolled the most changes to in the last three to six months. And so it's going to index higher on those in that geography versus the others. Specific to your last question, I’d say it's too early. To what Devin said earlier, 30, 60, 90 days and with the new set of buyer cohorts, in three or six months will have a much better point of view of whether -- we’re bringing in buyers that are buying in multiple categories are at a higher level.
