Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we're excited about the evolution of our strategy here with reinventing the future of e-commerce for enthusiasts. When you look at the pillars, Eric, first on relevant experiences, we've had a lot of success with this to date, right? Our focus categories have been about creating relevant experiences in specific categories and we've seen a CSAT change, a GMV change, et cetera. And so we're expanding this now to kind of every site-wide experience that we have on the site, including a new design for Gen Z shoppers, including going to every e-mail, every notification. And frankly, new technology and tools enable us to do that. And so we feel really great about that and the impact on customer satisfaction and on GMV. On the scalable solutions, think about all the foundational work that we've done in payments and really being able to take that to the next level with things like financial services and building on that or eBay International Services.  When you combine the scale of eBay in 100 countries with the GMV that we do, we're able to roll out programs like the EIS, eBay International Shipping, and open up that opportunity for our sellers and just drive a lot more cross-border trade and a lot easier experience for our sellers. And then think of magical innovations is really raising the bar on the experience that we're going to have on the site. I talked about some of the new AI products that we're launching. I mean, these are products that are out the gate having over 80% customer satisfaction, having sellers tell us this is going to unlock more inventory because you're making it so easy to list on the platform, products like live commerce. We've now done over 300 live commerce and sellers and buyers are getting really engaged in that. And so that opportunity for us is to drive that customer lifetime value for a buyer as well as attract those new buyers on the platform. What I'm excited by is really the intersection of a couple of these. When you think about the intersection of relevant experiences combined with scalable solutions, only eBay can provide that, and that's why we think we're going to be able to reinvent the future of e-commerce in a really uniquely eBay way.
Jamie Iannone: First of all, our strategy when we go back to it in terms of relevant experiences on the site, we're doing a lot of work outside of just the work that we're doing in focus categories. In fact, the majority of our investment is going there. So if you think about the magical listing experience, that's going to help unlock C2C inventory across every category on the site. The second thing I would say is that when you think about our model and what we laid out, we have a real multiplier effect on our buyers. So as we continue to roll out focus categories and as we're seeing success there, that actually helps lift all tides across the eBay marketplace.  So take a sneakers buyer. The average sneaker buyer comes in and buys sneakers over $100, they're going to spend $400 in sneakers but then $2,000 on the rest of the platform outside of that. And that nature really allows us to help grow the overall marketplace, including our non-focus categories.  The last thing I'd say is when you think about things like the scalable solutions that we're building, take eBay international shipping, that's going to help every category. That's going to help focus categories like handbags coming out of Japan, et cetera, but it's also going to help our non-focus categories. And when you think about cross-border trade on the platform, it's really 1 in 5 transactions or 20%. So it you a lot of opportunity, both in our focus category work and the non-focus category work, and we feel committed and confident in our ability to get those to fly in the medium term.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Okay. So first, let me talk about eBay international shipping. So the whole program makes cross-border shipping and selling much easier. So eBay handles the custom forms, we handle the duties. We handle the immediate returns. And sellers are protected from things like item not received claims on the platform. So we're in the process of basically rolling this out. Most sellers are adopting it. And while it's early days for the new program, we're seeing a really positive reception from sellers in terms of shippable listings, the conversion that we're seeing, et cetera.  Why we're excited by it is because 20% of the business on eBay is cross-border, but less than half of our big 3 inventory is available to be shipped internationally. So opening up that inventory, we think, is a unique advantage for eBay and a unique value proposition for our sellers on the marketplace.  When you think about the full funnel marketing that we're doing and that shift, we're really seeing it pay off in terms of our buyer strategy. So this quarter, we saw, once again, new or reactivated buyers was positive for the fourth straight quarter. Our new buyer growth was positive for the second quarter. And take a category like P&A where we've been doing full funnel marketing, really targeting on enthusiasts, there, we're seeing that new and reactivated buyer growth being double digits faster than the rest of the platform. So we feel really good that the investments that we're making are driving the right buyer outcomes. They're exactly where we expect them to be and where I've been talking that they would be. And when you look at it, categories like what we're doing in sneakers. This quarter, we just launched Authenticity Guarantee for streetwear, which is a great kind of Gen Z younger consumer category. We're in the middle of sponsoring fashion island -- sorry, Love Island in the U.K., which is kind of currently on air right now, sponsored by our eBay U.K. business, also bringing in a different type of cohort. So we feel really good that the strategy is working. We're bringing in the enthusiast buyers that we want and that we're seeing a great payoff out of the full funnel marketing approach.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, on the first one, clearly, inflation and rising are impacting discretionary demand. I think what makes our platform more resilient is that consumers can come here and find amazing values. So if you think about the refurbished category, which has been a focus category of ours, that grew double digits year-over-year and was the second largest contributor towards our focus category outperformance. In general, on the platform, we're seeing used growing faster than new. And that's what's great about eBay on the buy side. On the sell side, it is also a place to make extra income. And so we're really leaning into what we're doing on a C2C standpoint, including the new Magical Listing rollout because tougher economic times are an opportunity for us to bring more sellers onto the marketplace. When you think about the kind of a lower ASP market or the cross-border trade, as you mentioned, we noted that this quarter, we're actually seeing some strength in the cross-border trade of our business. That has to do with supply chain easing up and there being an opportunity for those sellers to export items in. And so we're actually seeing good health in what we're doing from a cross-border trade business. We've been doing a lot to enable that and make it easier. I talked about eBay international shipping, but we've also been rolling out new capabilities and payments over the past couple of quarters. with buyer and seller FX to make the payments process of that easier.  And we've been working on with some of our sellers to do forward deploying of our inventory which has just helped kind of ease some of that supply chain pressure. So overall, we feel really good about the values that people are getting from this and the initiatives that we're investing in to make it easier for our sellers to export items throughout the globe.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. And I'd just add, if you look at Certilogo as an example, it's a perfect acquisition for eBay. They have great relationships with brands. They're driving this ability to have these unique QR codes to make sure that products are authentic, and it's leading into a trend that we're seeing, frankly, two trends. One is the younger Gen Z consumer caring more about sustainability and preloved and what happens with garments. And frankly, governments and regulators, especially in Europe, making sure that products don't go into the landfill, but they get a second and third and fourth life, which drives consistently right into the strategy that we've been talking about as the pioneers of e-commerce and driving the circular economy and driving the benefits for the overall planet.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, I think the momentum we're seeing is a reflection of the strategy that we have laid out and seeing it working. So if you think about focus categories, which was our largest one that we've -- we took on P&A, which was our largest one that we've taken on to date, having that grow mid-single digits, the category over $10 billion and be at market rates of growth speaks to the fact that we know how to roll out this playbook and make it successful. And frankly, we're continuing to invest back into categories that we've already launched because of the return that we're seeing. We feel good about things like what we're seeing in refurb with the double-digit growth, et cetera, the success that we're seeing in ads and payments.  So we're really happy with the momentum that we have there. As Steve talked about, we'll kind of deal through the macro pieces. But we're continuing to invest behind the strategy because we feel like it's working and the investments are really paying off for the customer and for shareholders.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. No, Wes, we're seeing good supply from our sellers in that category. I mean if you look overall in the business, supply is in great shape. We did.9 billion listings on the platform. We have over 500 million in P&A. The key for us has really been helping sellers make sense of -- I mean helping buyers make sense of all that inventory.  And as we roll out the new fitment changes, as we've rolled out guaranteed fitment, we're finding that the experience is just so much easier for all of our segments of key buyers, whether they're now using the My Garage feature on the site. We just launched these 2 new AI features which enable us to make the buying experience so much better.  Once we know your car, we can tell you, here's the key upgrades to do. We can help you with things like your engine codes. And look, this is the second quarter of mid-single-digit growth, which we believe is at market rates of growth. And so we're feeling great about that.  As I said, our buyers in P&A are growing double digits faster than the rest of the markets when you look at our new and reactivated buyers. So we're pleased with what we're seeing. We're continuing to invest and roll out new features and new capabilities. We're seeing particular strength in CBT right now. But overall, really pleased with what we're seeing in our motors P&A, and frankly, across our focus category portfolio.
Stephen Priest: Eric, if you think about the financial architecture in terms of linked to the P&L, you're seeing us continue to invest. The underlying business, as we're moving forward is in a very healthy space. We're seeing great momentum not only with the focus categories, but also the monetization initiatives and the strength on the horizontal platform. And so we continue to invest to drive the momentum in the underlying business. We remain committed to the architecture that we put out back at our Investor Day last year with the sorts of mid-single-digit GMV growth and the P&L architecture that comes off the back of that. The timing of that, as we always said, will be a function of the macro environment that we continue to operate in. So hopefully, that covers the question for you from the link between strategy and architecture.
Stephen Priest: Let me give you a little bit of color on the year-over-year margin. Obviously, we have seen some modest deleverage associated with the current macro environment, which obviously reflected in our full year GMV commentary, and that's bringing a lot of pressure on margins. I would refer probably to 4 discrete items that have impacted 2023. Firstly, we've talked about eBay international shipping. This is both strategically important for us as we open up the aperture across 132 million buyers across 190 countries and gives us a great opportunity to drive more commerce through eBay and, at the same time, drive accretive operating profit dollars. As a reminder for you all, we are now the principal in that relationship versus an agent and, therefore, the accounting treatment has impacted our margins in '23.  The second item will be around M&A. We have been more acquisitive of late to drive sustainable long-term growth in the business. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we would expect EIS and M&A together to be a 1 point headwind to margins in '23.  The third element, which is slightly nuanced is the FX fluctuations and lapping that we have seen or will see through the second half of the year. We did benefit from significant hedging gains in the fourth quarter of 2022, which we will ultimately lap. And in totality, that will equate to 0.5 point of FX-driven margin dilution for the full year and 2 points in quarter 4 alone.  And then finally, obviously, the reinvestments in our business. We are seeing focused category momentum, 7 points of growth over the core platform, horizontal investments in search and buyer and seller experience are driving dividends. And obviously, the investments in our monetization initiatives like payments and ads is bearing fruit.  And so as I think about margins for 2023, we have some unique items, as I've said, such as eBay International Shipping, the M&A and the FX fluctuations we've talked about. But we've also been investing in the business because we feel very confident about the trajectory of the business and how it's driving long-term sustainable growth.  I think that as it pertains to 2024, I'm not going to get ahead of myself. We've given you a lot of color for the third quarter. We've added some color for the full year. We are -- remain committed, as I mentioned to Eric, to the medium-term goals that we've put out at our investor event. This will really -- the timing will be the function of the duration and severity of the macro headwinds we're currently facing. And obviously, we'll give additional color for '24 in the quarters ahead.
Stephen Priest: Yes. So we've been very thoughtful and considerate as we've looked to M&A, it's really to structurally improve the core marketplace. And so if you think about where we've , my shipment is really helping fuel and support the growth in parts and accessories, our biggest focus category. We recently launched in the TCG Player, which is supporting our trading card business. And Certilogo, which is the most recent acquisition really supporting our fashion category. So we've been very, very thoughtful about the entities that we lean into and partner with or we ultimately buy to really support the long-term sustainable growth of the platform, and we'll continue to be thoughtful. And as a group, we look at each potential acquisition on its merits and make the best decisions to drive long-term sustainable growth and shareholder value.
Stephen Priest: Tom, I'll pick up the first one and the third. I'll let Jamie comment on the second. So the first one with regards to international versus U.S. GMV dynamics, there's a couple of items that are worth reflecting on. As a reminder for you all, the GMV is reflected on the geography where the seller is domiciled, i.e., where the sale takes place.  So first, it's associated with lapping dynamics. If you recall, Europe, in particular, got hit harder as we sort of went through the awful events of the war in Ukraine and the economic fallout associated with that. And they got hurt earlier, and we started to lap through that versus the U.S. in the first half of 2022. Secondly, we saw the supply chain challenges that we're also lapping and the easing of those supply chains, particularly for our cross-border business that Jamie talked about earlier is helping drive international GMV momentum as we have an increase in cross-border trade, obviously fueled by some of the benefit from eBay international shipping.  The one thing I would say on the overall GMV basis, I continue to be very enthused by the overall level of momentum because we're leaning not only to focus category in the U.S. but also internationally, and those investments are bearing fruit across all of our geographies. Jamie, do you want to just touch on the other question before I talk about capital...
Stephen Priest: Tom, specifically pertaining to your question on capital returns, we remain committed to the return of 125% of free cash flow as we talked about to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends between '22 and '24. As I look over the last 18 months, we've returned $4.4 billion to shareholders, which is 130% of free cash flow. Specifically around certain assets that we hold, I'm not going to share any specific details on any of our specific investment stakes, but it will continue to be our priority as it's always been to drive a disciplined approach and to maximize shareholder value through the investment portfolio.
