Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for the question. On the first, I guess, what I'd just say is, this has been an ongoing journey we've been at for the last two years. We've seen, in the aggregate, both at the edge and in the aggregate, conversion pickups as we've moved to structured data experiences. The rollout of that is not uniform everywhere in the world. We have some differences country by country. That includes, even if you look at the experience that would happen not only in core eBay search, but out in SEO and out on the edge. I'd say we're pleased with where we are. We obviously wouldn't be rolling it out if we weren't getting conversion gains. You can expect us to continue to roll that out throughout the balance of the year. And as I said, that will start in Q2 with us rolling a whole bunch of new products and categories into this product-based search. And from there, we'll continue to widen. It's a continual process of test and learn. It's not linear, but I think we are where we expected to be, and we're pretty pleased with the results. I'd say moving to the catalog-based approach, our brand and the other experiences that we've rolled out have been direct contributors to the acceleration in growth we've seen over the last 18 months to two years, and we continue to expect that.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, thanks for the question. I'll take them. On Flipkart, look, I won't speculate or comment on what Walmart may or may not do. I'll just reiterate what our relationship with Flipkart is, which is we made a meaningful investment last year. We have an exclusive commercial relationship that has roughly three years left to run, and that is a relationship that makes us both the exclusive importer and exporter of goods on the Flipkart Marketplace. We're happy with that partnership. We'll wait and see how things evolve, but I won't comment because we're not a party to any conversations that may or may not be happening with Flipkart or other parties. On GDPR, we feel like we're ready for GDPR. We've been working on this for quite a while. We have partners in advertising and we're waiting to see how those partners comply. I think it's less a matter of compliance and perhaps it's a matter of what requirements they have or don't have, and that's still evolving. But I feel really good about where we are. Our readiness, our regulatory compliance and I know everybody in the industry is watching it, and we'll watch it very carefully.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Good question. I'm really excited about this acquisition. The reason the time was right is we've had an investment in Giosis for...
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, since 2009. And they have been steadily building. And now, we feel like they are reaching network effects and exit velocity. It's a business at scale. As I mentioned, we're now at $1 billion. And the growth has been really strong and really consistent. And we feel like they're getting a lot of Japanese buyers, particularly millennial buyers. Their growth has been very consistent and they have not yet had the benefit of global supply, to the second part of your question. So we felt like this is the time. They are reaching that tipping point where it's becoming a scale and meaningful high-growth platform. We think we can add a lot of benefit to Giosis and they can help us. So they have a nice broad Japanese seller base that will complement our smaller base, which has been exporting, and we'll take all of that inventory and export it to all of our Marketplaces around the world like we do. And the first thing we'll do is we'll bring eBay's global supply into Japan for the benefit of Japanese consumers. So I'm really excited by this. And I agree with you, Japan's been a large market. It is not really been meaningful to eBay for its 21-year history, and my hope is now it will, and we're really excited.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah. And, Heath, on the second part of your question, we're being aggressive about marketing and brand. I'm glad we are. First of all, we're trying – keep in mind that now both promotions and many things that were out of the marketing line are now in it since we've adopted the new accounting standards. First of all, on brand, we're going to keep that on. We're seeing early signs. We've always said it would take a long time and we do think the payoff is large, but it takes time, and we're going to keep that on and keep evolving the brand campaign. And this is one of the top brands in the world, but we think that there's a big opportunity to close the consumer consideration gap. There should be more people shopping on eBay because it's a great product with great inventory. And there's some that just don't consider us because they don't know what we do. So we're going to work hard to close that gap. It takes time, but I'm really glad that we're doing that. The second component is promotions, and promotional activity is now in that line, and we're experimenting with a lot of different things. Now that we feel that our product is evolving, we're getting better conversion. We like the experience that our consumers are getting. We're being aggressive and experimental with our promotions, and we're always disciplined. But we did some promotions this quarter, last quarter, Q1 that we haven't done before, like in the U.S. and in general, we were happy with what we saw and we'll keep experimenting with that. So, right now, we're happy with where we are. We always watch our marketing expense carefully for a return on investment, and we're leaning into drive not just growth, but our future barriers to entry on things like our brand.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. On the NFL, I think we mentioned this a quarter or two ago that we signed a deal with the NFL to be one of their partners in the secondary ticket market. What that means is that we'll integrate with the teams in the NFL so that we can now have barcode scanning and mobile ticketing, seamless ticketing. So that's a real positive. That means both we'll have high-quality supply directly from NFL teams and a great customer experience with lower customer support because we see lower customer issues and customer support when we have fully integrated tickets and mobile scanning. So we're really happy with that, and it's great to be a partner with the NFL. I think what we said at the time, and I still believe, is the net impact of that might be slightly positive to growth and slightly negative to expenses because we're obviously paying a share for those integrated tickets. It's early – the NFL just announced their schedule, I think, a few days ago, so it's a little early to gauge how that is all going. But we've been really happy with the relationship we have with Major League Baseball, and this is similar to that. It's a similar arrangement where we're partnered with the league and what we're getting is a high-quality supply and a great fan experience through integration, and in return, we're giving up a little bit of that revenue.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Colin, on the second part of your question, the number one thing that's important to me as we go down this new path is that our buyers and sellers have a great experience. We're very focused on making sure, because this is new, that buyers get more choice, as we said before, and that sellers see both, a lower cost of selling as well as just a seamless integrated experience. On the specifics of your question, I don't want to get too technical, but they're kind of two pieces of payment intermediation at a high level of generality. One is the frontend that customers will see and one is the backend, which is the ledger, which accounts for the money. The frontend is being built very rapidly, and I'm really pleased with the progress there. The ledger will take more time. And actually what we'll do with the 5% market test is we'll actually use audience ledger and then we'll build the eBay ledger in the background. That won't come in until we move into 2019. But I'm pretty pleased with where we are. There's a lot of work to do. It is a meaningful product build and migration, but we're obviously incredibly focused on this. It is a meaningful value driver for our business and we're out of the gate really fast.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: I think I've said on almost every call for the last year-and-a-half that we're very focused on brands. We're not particularly focused on big retailers. Brands are increasingly coming to eBay. We're extremely pleased with the rate of brand acquisition. I think they're coming to eBay because the retail landscape is changing. They get sales from multiple channels that may not be around in a few years and they're looking at their alternatives, and eBay is one of the very few at-scale marketplaces in the world, and we don't compete with our sellers. That's very rare and very unique. So brands that may, years ago, have been skeptical of selling on eBay are now successfully coming to our platform, and they are coming at an increasing rate. There was a time when eBay was very focused on big retailers. We're not now. That doesn't mean that we wouldn't situationally partner with a big retailer here or there, but we're not at all dependent on big retailers for our GMV and, quite frankly, it's not an area of significant focus for us. It is about brands and it's about our small and medium-sized sellers. That's always been the engine of our growth.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah. Look, we're disciplined marketers. We are marketing more aggressively, but it hasn't changed our overall philosophy. We measure marketing really carefully. We don't buy growth. We care that the customer cohorts we bring in have a positive customer lifetime value. And there are new tools in our arsenal and we're trying many of them. Some of them we're happy with, some of them we're not, and we'll try and we won't repeat. But I suspect that you'll see us evolve into acquiring healthy customer cohorts and reactivating our existing base are the two most important priorities of our marketing spend, always has been, it just that the means are evolving. On advertising, just to remind you, we've been on this journey now for a year or two where we are growing a first-party advertising business, which is existing sellers on our Marketplace can promote their items, and we have been slowly but surely moving out of some of the third-party advertising that really was almost all of the advertising business that we had on the Marketplace. We would never entirely get out of third-party advertising. We still think there's healthy advertising, but basically we're on a journey to which if you're a brand or you're a seller and you want our significant customer base or volume, you've got to have a store on eBay and you got to promote it through 1p. A year ago, we said it was starting to scale, and obviously we've talked about this the last three quarters. This is a rapidly growing exciting business now. Last quarter, we saw 200% growth. It doesn't yet really show up because we're bleeding third-party down as we grow first party, but eventually we think that is going to be a meaningful contributor to growth. We think there's lots of runway. Although our growth is fast, we're underpenetrated, and there's a lot of room to grow the first-party business, and we're very, very focused on that. So it's one of the things that we think will be a growth driver of this business for the next several years.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Deepak, on your question on ePacket, our China export sellers did pretty well in Q1, and I don't think it really had a material impact. I'd say that the reason it didn't is we've been working over the last several years to really help our Chinese sellers position inventory into markets and warehouses that we've coordinated with outsourced providers to provide the capability for fast shipping in country. And so while, clearly, that's a pressure, I don't think net-net it had a lot of impact.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: The way I'd characterize it, Heath, there's always going to be intra-corridor complexities. So, as the pound weakens, the export corridor out of the UK gets a little bit better. As the dollar weakens, it gets a little bit better out of the U.S. and vice versa. Look, I think this quarter, it didn't have a particularly meaningful impact that I would call out, as it has in prior quarters, particularly a year or two ago, but we keep a close eye on it and, quite frankly, really look to maximize that in terms of what's available on the sites as they're (31:00) looking for exports out of those specific corridors where there might be weakness in the currency.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, Mark, on your postal question, look, I'd start with the fact that no one corridor is really that substantial in the greater scheme of things, particularly when you're looking cross border. But if postal rates change, I would call out a couple of things. First off, remember, today, roughly 70% of what's in the U.S. is free shipping today, and two-thirds – approximately two-thirds arrives in two to three days or less. And that volume that we see going through the USPS will continue to represent our sellers and their volume to get the best possible rates within what rates are out there. And so, we'll just continue to work on that.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Hey, Colin, to your question on marketing and linearity, as you know, we spend marketing across a number of different levers. And so you when you step back across all of those levers, it was relatively linear. But now that contra revenue for buyers is in marketing expense, what you'll see is, the kind of within month, within week incentives that we drive to take advantage of what's going on in the market. So, for instance, as we started to see a little bit of a delay in tax payments and the opportunity to jump in and kind of incent the buyer base and our non-buyer base to be able to activate on eBay in a more material way, you saw us lean in more in March than you have in the past, and you've seen some of those big coupons that were out there trying to drive higher ASP, higher value items on the site. And, yeah, I think you should expect that to continue. We've been signaling that for a number of quarters that between brand and our marketing incentives that we'll be out trying to bring new active buyers in this ecosystem and drive GMV.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, I wouldn't call out anything different than we've already spoken about in terms of what we expect to happen from our user experience changes and further expansion of those as well as our brand campaigns. So I wouldn't necessarily highlight anything different, it's just more acceleration in the second half as you call out.
