Devin Wenig: Sure. First of all, on payments, I don't -- just a technical detail. We have not made the decision to become a merchant of record. There are many ways that we can become a payment intermediary. MLR is one of them. That's a decision yet to be made, and it may actually change depending on the geography in which we operate in. But vis-à-vis sellers, we're fairly confident that we can lower the overall selling cost on eBay. We have not yet made final decisions, and it will be a process that will take some time to publicize our pricing to sellers. But what I want sellers to hear is that, number one, we have their experience in mind, we want to give them flexibility, increased payout options, and we want to lower their costs. So that was very much front and center in our mind when we made this very consequential decision. On acceleration in '18, there are quite a few things. We've built a foundation of structured data that now has tentacles into almost everything we do. We have rolled out quite a significant number of new product experiences, like Guaranteed Delivery, Authentication and a product-based commerce experience, and we're going to scale those in 2018. So, when we see -- and part of the impact that these initiatives are making, when we see the trajectory that our business is on, we're confident that we can continue to deliver improvement in the business. I'll go back and say, over 2.5 years, 2.5 years ago, when we started this journey, we said that we were going to address the core customer pain points and issues directly and head on. We said it wasn't going to be easy. We said that you could expect steady improvement and a strong return of capital along the way. We've done exactly that. We've seen the customer experience improve. We've seen the foundation of the house being short up. We've seen acceleration in the growth of the business, and we've been aggressive in returning capital to shareholders. You can expect more of that in 2018.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, let me -- on the first part, let me just also say, this is not new to us. Today, we intermediate over 10 billion of volume on our Marketplace. So, we know how to do this and we already do, do it. And we have a very stark comparison inside our own business of what life is like in an intermediated model and then the existing model. First, PayPal is a great partner; this has nothing to do with PayPal's capability or the degree of our partnership. It has everything to do with a relentless focus on the customer experience. We are confident that we can deliver a materially better customer experience for buyers and sellers by moving to this model, and we've seen it in our own business in the parts of it where we already do this. On the take rate, as you heard from Scott, there are a lot of economics at stake here. We're going to move a lot of revenue, and we're pretty confident that we can lower the cost and we're pretty confident that the all-in costs will be below our competitors when all this is said and done.
Devin Wenig: Of course, it's what we hope to achieve internationally, and I -- we've said in prior quarters, the U. S. always gets a lot of our product innovation first. It often gets the most significant changes that we make earliest and strongest and then we adopt it for other markets. So of course, there are things that are coming to other markets at various paces. I would not get over our skis and say it's all going to go right in quickly. There are different issues in different markets, but we do anticipate something like Guaranteed Delivery coming to other markets. We do anticipate Authentication coming to other markets. We do anticipate a number of the really, what I said is, you can see it from space. You certainly can in the U.S. business. I'm not sure yet you can see it from space internationally. The hope is that you will as we go through 2018.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, thanks. Let me first say that I'm not sure that this is going to end up being the right metric going forward in part because structured data is now touching so many different things in so many different ways that what we tried to do over the last year or actually more is try to just provide that as some leading indicator of structured data's progress. We're going to the degree to evaluate that because the truth is, is that 14% is a little bit misleading in the sense that you would imply that only 14% is the impact of structured data. That's not really true. In fact, structured data is making an impact in many more areas where it's not formerly a page and traffic as we define it, but yet, it's adding value in areas like the guidance that we give to sellers and a bunch of other areas. I would say even with that said, as we move to this sort of end-to-end experience that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're going to see the core experience move to product base much more significantly. I'd expect that you'll see whole categories move to the default being searches on eBay or product base, discovering on eBay as product base. And the reason that we have the confidence to that is, we do like what we see in terms of improvement and conversion rates. We mentioned in the past that at the edge of those gains are double digit, they continue to be. As we get to the core, we're beginning to see improvements and we believe that we can deliver conversion gains as we move this product experience from the edge to the center. And that's what gives us the confidence to move faster. So, we really like structured data in many ways as the foundation of everything we've done in this strategy over the last two and half years. It will continue to be. The 14% is a very narrow metric which we provided at the time to give investors clarity about our progress, but I don't think it accurately represents the overall impact that structured data is having and will have on the ecosystem as we go forward.
Devin Wenig: Thanks for both questions. On promoted listings, yeah, first of all, we're delighted. This is probably the fastest growing new business, for lack of a better term, launched in eBay in years. And as I said, 50% sequential revenue growth quarter-on-quarter, that is quite significant. Most of the driver has been surface area. We are increasing the surface area of availability to sellers. We're increasing the surface area of the exposure of promoted listing to buyers. So, a lot of it is just we have started to make sure we tested our way in, and now we're on a very steep part of the curve, we're opening the aperture so that more and more sellers can use it and they should and more and more buyers get exposure to those items and they are converting. So, we are very pleased that we are now in that flywheel, and the flywheel seems to be turning very well. On the brand, I think your supposition is right on. So, step one was, we now have a unified brand around the world. Arguably, the first time in eBay's history. The brand was very fragmented, very different depending on the country you would show up in or the region. We have a unified brand expression now everywhere in the world, and we're managing it as one of the most important assets of our business with very -- very much with rigor and care. Step one on the messages we're delivering is vibrancy and getting a bit of the fun back to eBay and getting differentiated of eBay, but you can expect as this rolls forward for us to punch harder on functional messages. We don't want it to be dry, but we do want to educate people about what we do today. And what we do today is not all long-term, longtail items, it's not all options. In fact, that's a distinct minority. So, you'll see the overall brand expression remains constant, but the message has evolved. And the message evolution will punch much harder on how our -- what do you do today and why eBay. I keep asking the question of the brand, why eBay? We will answer that question definitively on selection, value, convenience where we believe we actually have a phenomenal customer proposition, just not enough people know about it.
Devin Wenig: Yes, I'd separate -- thanks, Heath. I'd separate eBay from StubHub for a second. So, let's talk about eBay first. I'm very confident that it's hard to parse out every change and every bit of improvement by everything we've done, but I'm very confident that the mix of significant product changes and brand and the mix of everything we've talked about for 2.5 years in our strategy has directly impacted the U.S. business. Why do I feel that? I feel that because, yes, the external market has gotten better, but keep in mind we're now on five consecutive quarters of acceleration in the face of unprecedented competition. This is our most competitive market in the world, and actually it's the business that's getting the best the fastest. And we entered this holiday and we said we're going to compete and win. And I feel like we showed up really well this holiday, and we were one of the top shopping destinations again this holiday in the world. So, I do feel really positive about the U.S. business. It doesn't mean it's going to continue linearly to accelerate, but we've made a lot of changes to this business. And with all the noise about competition, eBay is still bigger and more relevant than just about all of them combined. So, I feel great about that. With StubHub, I'd say it's slightly different. StubHub definitely benefited from the landscape. There are things that they did that improved ecosystem for sure, but as we said in the remarks, I still think there's more work to do at StubHub. So, I wouldn't get over our SKUs and assume, wow, great quarter and now we can just plug that in. I think we've always said, StubHub has a high beta based on what happens out in the world. It happens to be that the fourth quarter broke really well and we had a really good World Series, we had a really good baseball playoffs, we had really good college football. I don't – that's not a strategy, counting on things not within our control. So, we have more work to do at StubHub. As you heard from Scott, they'll grow faster, we hope, than last year, but I wouldn't plug quarter four in as a linear across 2018. We still have work to do.
Devin Wenig: First of all, with users, I direct you to this blog that we put out alongside the earnings release. It contains more detail. I would say that the overall relationship does not need to change. Sellers will need to give us a little bit of extra data. We'll likely give them the ability to start giving us that data well in advance of when we actually move to an intermediated model. And again, I direct you to that because all of the detail that we're ready to put out is in there at this point. We're not going to point out anything more than that but I think you will find it to be quite comprehensive. On the $10 billion, I think the question was is that, those are – as Scott said, it's off platform, none PayPal GMV, so that's correct. And finally, off eBay, that's not our intention. Just to be clear, we're not building a Payments business to go compete with Apple Pay, we're not competing with PayPal, we're not rebuilding PayPal. We're building an intermediated payment service for the benefit of eBay customers on the eBay Marketplace, that's what we're doing.
Scott Schenkel: Mark, this is Scott, let me take those two. On the costs, the $0.03 to $0.05 as you called out and we called out for the year, I think right now, it's about building out the intermediation capability on -- and the associated customer, both seller and buyer flows, to make them a lot better, and there's a lot of background to that. The intermediated model that we spoke about, that kind of $1 billion on it, it's really not on the core eBay business. So, it's not like we're dragging and dropping code from 1 country in the eBay core business to another. This is building out the core eBay marketplace payment intermediation capability. And that's going to take product and technology. It's also going to start to require us to invest in areas like trust and risk, customer service, to be able to prepare ourselves to take on these volumes and do it in a compliant and safe way. To your second question, in terms of the scale, let me kind of lay out the $2 billion and the $0.5 billion in a little bit more detail just so we're clear. To your question, here's -- to start with, we're gated for the next 2.5 years at 5% and then 10%. And so how quickly we can then scale from there is going to be partially determined on our capabilities and partially determined on how quickly we can scale with our sellers and our buyers and role that globally. But our base assumption is that if you continue to grow the core marketplace platform that the new payment intermediation model applies to and you assume a migration schedule that scales rapidly after the operating agreement expires mid-2020, you start to talk about a pretty high penetration rate with intermediated model as you head into the latter part of 2020 and 2021. So, when I talk about a fully scaled kind of stable state, you start to talk about the latter part of 2020, 2021, even into 2022. And the $2 billion, to be clear, is then taking that new intermediated GMV, applying a take rate that will be discounted versus the existing PayPal rate and you quickly get to $2 billion or more of revenue. When we size the costs associated with that, both the 19 that we've already framed up -- sorry, the 18 that we already framed up as well as the 19 that we're thinking about, the first couple of years, there will be some burn associated with that. That's already incorporated into our guidance obviously for this year, but when you start to think about the associated cost, not only to get this up and running, but the ongoing cost that are going to be associated with Adyen and with PayPal on the new model, we start to look at about $0.5 billion at scale when we're scaled up for the future.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, the way I would phrase that, Brian, is, and we've talked about this with many of you this way, that – those percentages, whether it was on SEO traffic or SEM traffic or catalog penetration on structured data were inputs. And we're, increasingly, what Devin is saying in a different way is focused on outputs. And although is the GMV or B associated with transactions happening on eBay starting to see the benefits and are the experiences based on those structured data's capabilities.
Scott Schenkel: Hey, Dan, I would supplement Devin's remark on promoted listings two points. First, when Devin talks about surface area, the other thing worth mentioning is that we also started offering these on mobile. And so, it's been out there a little bit, but it's started to scale. And so, we started to really increase the surface area, to Devin's point. The other way to think about it, I alluded to this in my script, but the shift in our strategy has really put pressure on MS&O revenue growth, and the growth would've been for MS&O, in the mid-teens if promoted listings were actually part of MS&O. The reason we don't obviously put in, in MS&O is because it's more closely related to a transaction take rate model. But that aside, it just gives you -- starts to give you an idea of how this is starting to scale for us.
