Steve Priest: Yes, of course, hi Doug. Yes, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to returning excess cash to shareholders. We've been doing this extensively over the last number of years, and we'll continue to do so. I wouldn't be looking at this on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In fact, if you look year-to-date, we're tracking well ahead of the targets we laid out at our Investor Day, while we're committed to return 125% of the free cash flow. Year-to-date, we've returned $3.2 billion or 200% of our free cash flow. So buybacks and dividends will continue to be a core component of value creation for our shareholders and completed with where we are.
Steve Priest: Hi, Eric, good afternoon. It's Steve, I'll pick this up. So as you would imagine, we've taken a very balanced and thoughtful approach to our Q4 guide. It's an incredibly dynamic macro environment that we're navigating through. So there's a number of factors that I'd highlight. The first one would be the underlying consumer environment. That obviously continues to be pressured. We've seen that for several quarters in Europe. And in October, in line with the prepared comments, we began to see U.S. consumer demand start to weaken. Secondly, we do expect further energy challenges as we enter the winter. And we're also facing labor challenges in Europe, particularly the Royal Mail, who are -- got a series of strikes in the U.K. And then thirdly, we are seeing the impact of currency. The U.S. is obviously particularly strong against the Euro and Sterling, which is impacting both our forecast and our reported results. So what I would say in terms of the fourth quarter, given the uncertainty of this environment, we have purposely given a wider range of potential outcomes. But really the -- where we ultimately land in the quarter will be a function of the macro environment and how that goes forward. Specifically, as we think going forward in terms of investment, I think that's the beauty of the eBay architecture and the durability of our financial model. We've continued to lean in, in the short term to drive operational effectiveness as we think about our business. And that sort of manifests itself in cost savings as we go through. Secondly, the business continues to be fueled by the ad strength that we saw in the third quarter and the momentum that we're seeing and the investments that we're making in payments. As we think about going forward, we will continue to invest in the core business, and we will protect that as we navigate the forthcoming quarters to continue to drive for the strategy and protect the long-term growth of the enterprise. That's what we've done for the last few quarters, and it's what we'll continue to do, and our financial architecture enables us to do that.
Steve Priest: Colin, and I'll pick up the other one. Specifically, your question about the U.S. as we get into the fourth quarter and the holiday season. It's pretty broad-based. I continue to be pleased to see the delta between our focus category penetration and momentum versus non-focus categories based on the investments that we're making. But as we look forward, as we look into October, it's pretty broad-based across all the categories that we have on the platform. One of the things I would say on an international basis, we are seeing some non-focus category momentum in Germany, in particular, as the German community continue to be concerned about energy availability as we get into the winter, and we're seeing pockets of non-focus category inventory get some momentum on the platform. But overall, I think all this is a reflection of the broader macroeconomic climate that we're operating within.
Steve Priest: Yes, hi Deepak. And good afternoon. First on the highlights on the short-term. We have a great track record here at eBay of managing FX volatility. The teams do a really nice job. And that obviously, GMV is an operational metric that is not -- that continues to be exposed and is not insulated from changes in exchange. But quarter-to-quarter, we continue to hedge ROI, revenue and EPS. And so the quarter-to-quarter impacts are rather de minimis. What we've called out today is about the longer term. So if the U.S. dollar remains in a strong position it is today, and that continues through 2023, there is a natural challenge that you would incur as you get into '23 because it's much further out from a hedging standpoint. And we would expect that headwind to be approximately three points on GMV and between five and six points to EPS, which obviously, from that perspective, because product is going to be revenue would have an implication on margins. And really, that's a reflection of if the U.S. dollar remained at its current state versus the Euro and Sterling.
Steve Priest: Hi, Youssef, I'll pick up the first one. We remain confident in the long-term goals that we laid out at our Investor event back in March. The strategy is clearly working. We're coming out of the pandemic in a much stronger position than we went into it. GMV is continued to be fueled in our focus categories by the investments we continue to make. The payments entity within our enterprise has continued to deliver. And we're well on track for the $300 million that we laid out back in March. And as you've heard from our prepared remarks, our advertising business is moving very strongly. So I'm very encouraged by the investments we're making in the long-term strategy and how that's getting executed. The timing of the delivery of the goals that we laid out is really going to be a function of the macro environment in which we're operating in. It's very, very clear in terms of the severity of the headwinds that are going through, it's likely to continue to impact us in 2023. As we've talked about, we expect that to sort of go into the next year. But really, it's around that severity and duration, that will imply the timing of when we get to those long-term targets that we continue to be confident in.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so first thing I'd say is that we are seeing strength in our refurbished and used. It's about a third of our GMV, and that's up double-digits versus 2019. So in terms of the consumer reacting to the challenging economic times. In terms of the cross category that we laid out in March, we continue to see that. And the metrics are very helpful as we think about the caps we can afford to pay and how we leverage our focus categories across the business. So if I take the example of a sneakers buyer, an average buyer who buys a $100 pair of sneakers, they'll spend about [indiscernible] on sneakers, but $1,900 outside of sneakers and other categories. If I look at that number for handbags, we just expanded what we're doing in handbag authentication, a buyer who buys over $500, they'll spend $2,500 in handbags, but $5,000 in the other categories. So that is really key for us when you think about our strategy that we laid out at Investor Day with really driving focus categories. Part of the propping up of non-focus, in addition to the horizontal work that we're doing, is the impact of the cross-category shopping when we bring a buyer into focus categories. So we're doing more and more programs to help make that available to buyers and accelerate that, but we feel really good about the stats of what we're seeing there.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so a couple of things I'd say. One is there's been some easing of the supply chain as demand has come down, which has certainly helped from that perspective of our sellers. Obviously, currency differences make an impact in terms of certain corridors are stronger depending on the strength of any given currency. But we're leaning into the opportunities in cross-border trade. And I'd highlight two specific things. One is that we've actually with the rollout of buyer effects, made it easier in terms of currency choice for the buyer to buy in their local currency or in their -- in the currency of the seller. And we've seen a 70% adoption of that, and it's been performing well. We expanded that now into 38 currencies. The other thing that we're doing is making it easier starting with our U.S. business to do exports and execute exports on the business. So we've had a global shipping program for quite some time to make it easier. But the new enhancements that we're making or attempting to make it as easier to ship from Northern California to Southern California as shipping an international product off to Central America and really taking the friction out of that for our sellers. So those are the things that I would highlight in terms of the focus of what we're doing on a cross-border business.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, we're really pleased with the performance of the ads revenue up 27% year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis. I'd say the reaccelerated growth is really driven by two factors. One is just the optimization of our Promoted Listing Standard that improved search algorithm performance, and we created more accurate ad rate recommendations that helped us increase conversion. And the second is just the ongoing contribution from our new ad products. Our three new products contributed double-digits quarter-on-quarter. So certainly, in Q3, it had some onetime step-ups from the product optimization and from that portfolio expansion of three new products, the external, advanced and our other products. But when I think about it, the thing that makes me bullish on our product is when I think about the ROAS, we're still having a really healthy ROAS. And so the benefit of -- to our sellers is -- continues to be healthy. So we're on track to meet our stated goals of doubling our ads business by 2025.
Jamie Iannone: And let me just take the M&A one. Yes, M&A has been and will continue to be a key part of our strategy. I've talked about the Build By Partner framework that we have. And as you noted, TCG Player was really about helping us in a core category of collectibles and specifically in collectible trading cards, giving us new capabilities and tools and access to local hobby shops. I'd also point to My Fitment, which I've talked for two quarters now about the importance of Fitment, building trust in the parts and accessories category, and so excited by that one. So you should expect us to continue to look at key areas such as vertical expansion or boosting our core strategy, tech and talent and then opportunities to expand our overall capabilities. Always doing it in the framework that I've outlined to Build By Partner that we think has the best return for shareholders.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on enthusiast buyers. In Q3, we had 17 million enthusiast buyers, which was relatively flat to Q2. And so the way you think about that is we're no longer facing the tough lapping from our comps related to the COVID dynamics. But we do expect some pressure on that count in the coming quarters as a result of the current macro environment. But when we look at it, the vast majority of enthusiasts remain active buyers. It's just a movement between mid-value and enthusiast buyers. And for us, enthusiast buyers is a very healthy spend. If you think about the average spend of that being $3,000 a year, that's up to like membership level spend. So over the next few years, we expect enthusiast buyers to continue to grow and spend more as we continue to execute on our strategy. As I talked about, their spend is up double-digits versus '19, so really healthy. So the other thing I'd say on the ad business is we don't expect it to be linear quarter-to-quarter. But we've been enhancing and adding new products. I talked about the quarter-over-quarter growth that we're seeing in our new products. So we're on track to $2 billion. As I said, there were some onetime step-up things that we saw in Q3. But overall, our ROAS is healthy. I mentioned the statistics on the call that we now have two million sellers who have purchased at least one ad product in their listing, which is healthy. So we feel right on track with the goals that we outlined back in Investor Day.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on the first question, when we think about the non-new in season, it represents about 90% of what we sell on the platform. So that's both used and refurbished and think N minus 1 last year's fashion, white label goods, all of those types of things. So the majority of what we sell is actually in the non-new-in-season business that we have on the platform. The stat that I talked about earlier is that one-third of our business is -- about one-third of our GMV is used and refurbished, and that's actually accelerating faster given the ties that we see. In terms of the advertising money that our sellers are spending, the majority of what we collect is via our CPA-based program, which is Promoted Listing Standard, which is a direct attribution program. So as we're able to drive incremental sales for them, we monetize that. So we've added the new products, like the CPC-based products in Promoted Listings Advanced. But what we're doing from a CPA standpoint has a direct tie to GMV. I would say the same is true for our seller program, which is partnering with our sellers to drive external traffic to their listings on eBay, which as I said before, sellers are seeing a really good ROAS on our platform, especially relative to other places that they can market their products.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So I'd say in general, we're not immune to the macro impact. And so Steve talked earlier in his remarks about we think there'll be likely meaningful headwinds into '23. But we do have a more resilient business model because of the shift in focus of moving towards non-new-in-season and refurbished. And so that 32% is growing faster than the rest of the site. And I would just say, in general, value is a key tent-pole for our buyers on the site, and we're continuing to push it. From some perspective, I think this is a double win for us because we've been pushing e-commerce, we love, et cetera, as part of our massive ESG efforts that we have on the platform and really being the pioneers of re-commerce and saving products from the landfill, et cetera. And now where consumers want to value, we're seeing a real willingness to purchase there. The last thing I'd say is that Gen Z is much more inclined to buy pre-owned and pre-loved goods, and so we're leaning into that trend. So it's great to see that from the value standpoint. It's also great in terms of the ESG impact that it has in the business. I'd like to say that ESG is so core to eBay that we should be in every ESG fund because of the importance of it and the role we play in re-commerce. But that's how I would kind of characterize where we are today, and I think what we'll see into the coming quarters.
