Andy Cring: I'll start with the question on guide and Scott, to your point, there is new information coming out on a daily basis, which makes this tough. I think the way that we've looked at it, clearly, there is multiple factors moving that can influence our volume outlook for the quarter. It's really hard to predict how any of them will play out and certainly to try to itemize which pieces we've included for which amount. We can't do at this point. What we have tried to do with our guide is compile what we've learned through the third quarter and what we've seen. And it implies a continued growth moderation in the fourth quarter following what we saw in the third, and what we're seeing the beginning of the fourth with regards to consumer behavior and mobility. What we provided, I wouldn't call it conservative, I think it's our best outlook based on the combination of these factors, and certainly any one of those could change and could impact our results. On the -- I think you called it right on the sold items, there's GMV and category mix and similar to what you see on buyers and what you see on GMV there's just a magnitude of things changing on a quarter-over-quarter basis given the breadth of categories that we have in the different price tranches. I think you called it, right.
Andy Cring: Yes, I'll take the -- on the third quarter volume, U.S. international, look; there are differences we see globally. We indicated on our -- on the call in July that we were seeing continued strength through the month of July in the U.S. Post-July, we did see some increased moderation in August and September. And we think at least in part driven by the expiration of the US stimulus. So that, in part, I think is a little bit of strength you're seeing in the U.S. In addition to, if you look at mobility and the progress of COVID, internationally there was a little more mobility sooner, in particularly in Germany and the U.K. than we had in the U.S. So, I don't think there is a drastic business shift between any of those regions other than some of the dynamics associated with the reopening. I think another important, you have just generally on volume. We have there's a few things we do see that consumer behavior patterns are definitely impacted by mobility that is different depending on location and country and sometimes state. And I think the other, the other key thing is that the customer and consumer behavior patterns aren't the same, so as mobility and lockdown happened in April and May, we had more time and less scarcity, some of that behavior is not as drastic as you -- as we saw early on in the pandemic. And then on the second part of the question, was managed payments. Yeah, your logic is about right on that.
Andy Cring: Yes, Brian, look what we saw in the second quarter, clearly a significant disruption in a lot of areas and scarcity in certain areas in the supply chain and distribution that drove a lot of people shopping online and we did see some incremental activity from that, from the cohort acquired at the end of the first and in the beginning of the second. What we've seen in the third is it's reverting to a more normalized buyer acquisition trend and more normalized repurchase frequency for those cohorts. So, not performing above all cohorts and certainly not performing any worse than buyers in the past, what we have seen consistent across both quarters is just the volume of GMV and the amount of GMV per buyer, both for existing buyers and new buyers at higher levels than we've seen in the past.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on the first one on the tech-led re-imagination, it's why you see us making the investments that we're making is that, we believe that there is some big horizontal things that really move the business like payments and advertising. We're obviously putting a lot of technology focus. And then you saw this quarter, some specific vertical experiences of focus for us in both watches and sneakers and also in certified refurbish. And so we actually think this is the start of really leveraging our technology, we are horizontal plus vertical focus brings together just a much different experience on eBay. You think about the level of trust that we just put in place in those three categories. So, it's really game-changing versus where we were before. You asked specifically about marketing, there is a lot of things that we're dealing specifically in, paid social and using new channels that we haven't used before. That's a key part of it for us. If you think about the sneaker category, as an example, we're bringing on a lot of GenZ and Millennials. So, we're going out, reaching them where they are. Because when we enquire them in the sneaker category as we said, they end up buying in 10 unique categories across the site. The second thing I'd say on our footprint is, look, we've got some very strong growth in some of our smaller markets. There is a lot of advantage to the scale of our cross-border trade business where we're bringing products from very different countries to our smaller countries or exporting out of our smaller countries and obviously play a role in that. So, we continue to believe that those are important good growth opportunities, not only for the domestic business, but also for the cross-border trade that they bring.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on carrier capacity, part of why we did the UPS deal this year was to open up more flexibility and more options for our sellers. So not only are they going to save a bunch on the rate that they're going to have on there, but the integration is going to make it really easy for sellers and provide all that tracking for buyers. So, now you have multiple options even as a small consumer seller between USPS UPS and FedEx, one of the things we have worked on is deals that actually protect them from peak shipping charges or surcharges over the holiday. So, we think the combination of that flexibility of choices, plus the negotiating on behalf of our community, we'll work out well for them on the shipping side. On the active buyer growth as we talked about, our real third priority is turning buyers into lifelong enthusiasts. So really focusing on how do we, when we bring in a new buyer expand them into multiple categories, because we know that drives their LTV, so I use the sneakers example earlier coming in via sneakers and they are buying in 10 categories. It's also a big vision for our push-to-consumer selling. This quarter, I actually see the fee GMV growth grew faster than our B2C growth. And that push is really because once we get to a buyer to sell, they become more than twice as valuable as a buyer, so that's really our focus is on accelerating those things and driving that long-term potential of the people that we're bringing to the site.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on the first one -- thank you for the question. We work with really industry leading experts to do the authentication specific for that category and a very intense multipoint inspection to make sure, the product is truly authentic. And so it really kind of not only you have to trust it kind of seller piece in there, but every single product, every single sneakers over $100 by the start of next year, will actually go through a third party authenticator. And so really takes the risk away of a potential issue by the time it gets to the buyer, even sometimes there could be a mistake, it was missing a piece of documentation. So, the beauty is, we're catching all of those things. The same thing in the returns. On making sure, and the seller is getting back the product that they actually ship the buyer, because the authentication works in both directions. So, look, it's a really high level of trust, when you look at the community feedback that we've got, and both from sellers and buyers, they're incredibly enthusiastic. They know it will bring a lot of new buyers to the platform, and for sellers, that's what they want. Like we said on the call, the business was growing 50% in sneakers even before we launched this authentication guarantees. So, we're excited by it. On the C2C ramp, it's a huge focus for us, it's using artificial intelligence and technologies to make it easier for the casual lister to come on and list. So, a lot of our listers will use things like sell similar, whether sell a similar product or they sell based on a specific catalog description. And what you'll see from us over the coming quarters is continuing to make that process easier to bring more to C2C sellers on. It's our, number 1 priority is defending the core and a huge part of that is consumer-selling. I should say that they also bring a unique inventory to the platform. There is a lot of things that are not being sold by a business seller. My -- one of my friends was looking for a guitar, [Indiscernible] hero and that's always, no one selling that B2C anymore, you're only going to get that from a C2C seller. So, we'd like to think about the unique inventory that it brings to the platform is also really important to us.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so the change in selling fees on sneakers we had done a while ago, and what I would say is that, it's very early and that we just launched that a few weeks ago. But the encouraging signs or what the feedback that we're getting from the community really leaning in and being excited by what it can do to unlock the categories. Watches has been live a little bit longer. And while early, what we're seeing is an increase in supply on the platform and an increase in average selling price. And if you think about it. That's really what we want to see is that higher level of trust is making buyers really more comfortable which obviously works out for sellers as well. You know what I'm really proud of, for the team is that when we talk about a tech-led re-imagination. Well, it took us a couple of months to launch that technology for watches. We actually rolled it out a few weeks later for sneakers. And so we're building capabilities that allow us to compete better in specific vertical, but a lot of those capabilities can be leveraged across multiple categories and that excites us. On the managed payments migration. It's important to know that there is still features that we continue to build out to be able to migrate more of a seller. So, we're right on track. But as an example, if I'm a seller that ships cross border to a country that we haven't launched managed payments and we're not going to convert that seller over to the new managed payments platform until we are marked by country, because we don't want them split between the old platform and the new platform. So, there is still capabilities that we are continuing to build out to ramp, and we basically are on track with our plan to be complete by the end of 2021.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So, when we look at the authentication costs, we look at it, in some ways it's like a marketing costs. When we think about how do we bring new buyers into the platform. So, if you look at what we, what we would have collected and final value fees for example on that product versus our cost of acquisition of bringing in a new buyer for, it's going to end up buying in 10 unique categories across the site. We're balancing that all out, and we think it's -- we think it's important, we think there is a lot of potential and we think it's a, it's a big difference for eBay to have that level of trust in the category. We haven't talked much about certified refurbish on the call yet. But I'm really excited by that. I mean sneakers clearly has a lot of potential as those watches, but there is tens of billions of dollars in certified refurbish. It's a real sweet spot for eBay. And this brings a whole new level of trust of feeling like you're buying unlike new product because you have the, not only all those guarantees, but you have a two-year warranty, you have a 30 day hassle free return along with the eBay money back guarantee. So, we just think it's an important category. We're also seeing brands lean in like we talked about on the call and big brands and we're just getting started. So we think there is a lot of runway and a huge market opportunity for us to go after that.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, we're not going to -- we're not going to speculate on kind of specific categories and M&A, what I'd say is we're looking opportunistically at M&A, like we always have at opportunities where we think we could accelerate the vision that we laid out on the prior earnings calls and always doing things at an asset light way and like we tend to do here at eBay, in a way that we think enhances shareholder value. So we're going to continue to be opportunistic about it.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, we're using some new tools and technology over the holiday, really going after some new channels like paid social like I talked about before. In addition to the other kind of brand and performance work that we normally do in the holidays. But really we're also you're also going to see more targeted marketing from us and you're seeing it already, where we're focusing on specific campaigns, like we had a viral campaign on tick-tock for sneakers that went incredibly viral and you'll see other specific, early vertical marketing that we're doing to attract the right types of buyers in these categories that were leaning in on. So lots of things that we've experimented with that we're learning from that, that we're rolling out in the quarter.
