Scott Schenkel: Yes on the second it’s likely that we well have different forms of modernization including potentially different services but not if it involves software deployment. It was my decision ultimately to dispose of GSI and that platform in large part because we are an Internet company not a B2B software company and I just don’t think that’s the business we should be running. But if you look at what other marketplaces have done they’ve offered other services and I would never say never to that is not directly in our 2017 plan however advertising as. Is a good call out. We are very excited about our plan basically to continue the shift from third-party ads to first-party ads. What that means largely is that historically we’ve taken a large amount of our ads from third parties and that drove our users off of eBay to their experience we try to do that anyway that maximized the user experience, the buyer experience but increasingly we’re seeing good results from internal ads, ads from eBay sellers promoting their inventory in our search results and in other places on our site. And for us that’s a really, really good flywheel because keeps our buyers inside our marketplace, it allows us to create a new stream of monetization and it allows our sellers to buy up for promotional activities. So there’ll be a big shift in the direction this year. It will start to show up in 2017 but it is certainly part of our future plans to accelerate our advertising growth.
Scott Schenkel: Rich may be to your other question. Just to point out something on promoted listings. We’ve been talking about promoted listings for over a year closer to probably 18 months and what we been talking about is a very nascent product that we’re experiencing with. The we launched it and started to scale it. And I think this year we have a lot of confidence that not only the tools that we are providing sellers to be able to use and bulk upload to be able to manage those promoted listings, but is that scales and scales across different countries as well we feel really good about that. But I’d like to just point out that won’t show up in MS now [ph] and so while it is effectively first party advertising the way you might think about it the way you account for it because ultimately you paid on a transaction that does end up and take rate in transaction revenue.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, no I don’t think structurally – what I would point to in terms of our overall take rate – if you point to the Q4 take rate as maybe a proxy. What you saw in marketplaces take rate specific to marketplaces is you always have the normal mix shift in the variability between what products are selling and sellers in countries et cetera. But what you saw was about a 7.6% take rate and about 10% – 10 basis points of the decline that was year-over-year was largely driven by pricing. And I would point towards some of the consumer pricing that Devin and I spoke about in our prepared remarks where we are experimenting and changing the way we incent consumer sellers to buy and sell on our site. And that is – that’s something that I think we’ll continue to see but whether that relates back to the overall advertising and a structural take rate shift I don’t think so.
Scott Schenkel: Sure. So a couple – obviously several points in there – a couple of things first let me start at the macro. The reason we’re switching again is it’s really the way we always try and talk to – and the way we run the business. And so instead of point it due to fixed price and options is a proxy quarter-to-quarter we just said look but be real clear about what is. And so when we look at marketplace specific B2C growth quarter – this quarter we were at 6% and that was flat with prior quarter. And C2C it actually accelerated by five points out of the negative to up to 3%. And so back to my comment on the incentives that we are driving for consumers, we feel like that starting – as well as some of the services that we are providing that starting to make nice impact. As it relates to quantification it actually depends by country whether you are qualified as a B2C or a C2C seller. In some countries to be B2C seller you must register, generally speaking the split is that 10,000 a year, all right. When you think about our overall GMV about 80% of our GMV is through B2C sellers that do over $10,000 a and the rest is 20% that’s less that.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, so a couple of things, maybe first let’s step back and think about the long-term of these two businesses. We feel very good about both of these businesses, specific the Classifieds. Why they commented on the deceleration quarter-to-quarter, we did not anticipate a structural change in underlying growth of that business. That business has been mid to low – double-digits in the teens for the last few years and we expect that to continue. And so my comment there was more about quarter-to-quarter. There’s always going to be quarter-to-quarter comping dynamics in you and your growth dynamics that will explain but just structural as we think about it. Really for StubHub, this next year we’re going to have three, four quarters of pretty tough comps for the StubHub business but as we look towards the long-term and the efforts that we have going, not only in the product and the deals that we are doing there. But also in the international expansion. We’re very bullish on that business and when I’ve called out – pretty much every quarter that will be facing some degree of lapping to the tune of about one point from StubHub over the next year and we will update to each quarter in terms of how things are going. The other things I’d point it too, in terms of what’s putting some pressure on I called it out in the prepared remarks is the operating agreement. So we’ve got about half a point is little bit more than a point – little bit more than half a point of year-on-year lapping in revenue. And that will be about a point each quarter in the first half and then will be fully out of the lapping with operating agreements in the second half. That’s another dynamic that we are facing into. Underlying that what we’re telling you in our guidance is that marketplace we expect to accelerate two points year-over-year, one to two points year-over-year and that’s on the basis of all the things that Devin just talked about.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. Let’s start with the latter question first. Look, I think it’s important obviously everyone has questions, but we don’t know what the timing or implications or substance of any tax reform or border taxation might be; it’s very much in the air. That’s not to say that we aren’t modeling scenarios and looking at the impacts that we don’t know about yet, just trying to get a sense. So I think it’s a bit too early to comment or provide much clarity. I would just go to our model that you pointed out in your question. Our model is different than a traditional retailer or e-trailer. And say you would expected to have a little bit different dynamic on our underlying financials that if anything was done. How I think about it in the data points I point to we talked about in the past that CBT is a little bit less than 20% of our overall GMV, so that’s product going between borders that might be exposed to a – but there’s no single quarter in that number that’s greater than a third, right. So if a border tax was implemented there would be some considerations like replacement or cannibalization or other alternatives that get provided. And then there would be the border tax implication. So we will work through that as we get clarity. To your first point on margins, so 29% to 31% midpoint of 30% are there unusuals or structural things this year – this coming year? I would point to each quarter we try and be transparent with what goes into our results. Last quarter there was a VAT adjustment. This quarter there was an adjustment for de-designation of hedges due to the change in our hedging strategy. Beginning of the year there were other items. Are they material in any given quarter? They can drive a point. Is it structural in nature and something that we’ve included in our guidance? Yes, it’s in their. Is that long-term and structural? No. Devin, I don’t know if you want to talk about kind of the longer – how we think about the longer term structure though.
Scott Schenkel: And just a point on that. So for 2017 our margin – as I said it was 29% to 31%. That’s 110 basis points down versus 2016 and half of that is foreign exchange and the other half is the product development and the marketing investments that we talked about. So relatively small erosion year-over-year from investments that we are going to make – to drive the growth that we are committing to. And what we’ve said is we don’t wake up like Devin said but we will remain disciplined as we think about additional investments to make sure that those returns are good. And I think we’ve proven that we can do that over the last 18 months.
Scott Schenkel: Hi, Mark. I’ll take both of those. First off on the second one first. Yes, so the guidance as I said is a minimum of a $1 billion. The consideration for July is out there. It’s something that we’re thinking about. And the way I would think about it is that’s our programmatic commitment and we’ll move from there depending on a lot of things, plus timing and July deadlines, before that’s clear. On the second one, it’s a great question on active buyers. Look, bear with me for a second and I will kind of dig down into active buyer growth. So our active buyer growth at $3 million – at $165 million – what $167 million up $5 million year-on-year and $2 million quarter-on-quarter, I explained I won’t rehash the cohort dynamic that I had in my script. But if you remove StubHub and you remove India, and you just talk about the core business of marketplaces in the major markets where we started to do advertising in late Q3 and early Q4, what we started to see on a trailing three-month basis is some acceleration in trailing three-month growth which is a green shoots for us and obviously I don’t like having to go, take-up StubHub, take out India to explain it. But that’s what we think, that’s where we draw some of our conclusion and confidence about moving that metric going forward because that is certainly a metric that we called out today and we called out in the past that we expect to move not only from our marketing and branding campaigns but some of the other initiatives that we talked about.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, absolutely. I kind of called out in my prepared remarks. The total is exactly the dynamic that you called out. But what we’ve been doing is between platforms and within platform and within different channels we’ve been shifting. We’ve been talking about that we’re shifting to brand and so we’ve effectively done is reduced spend in other areas that we felt had lower ROI or that was less strategic, and shifted into the brand campaign in the core marketplace’s business, and that was true across platforms and into the marketplace’s platform. And on the other side we continue to expand channels like social and other aspects to try and make sure that our traffic that we are generating from structured data and the SCO channel to social is expanding and providing us the capability to not only attract new users but to drive active user growth and active buyer growth as we talked about.
Devin Wenig: I’d read the entire to capital allocation statement we’ve made. It’s only buybacks we return capital to our shareholders when we think we have excess capital and I think we’ve done a good job buying our stock back at prices that we don’t think reflects long-term value of the company, however, there’s no doubt that acquisitions will be part of what we do in 2019. It was a relatively small part of what we did in 2016 but we did a series of acquisitions. We extended StubHub’s business, we brought in Tech and Talent [ph] as you heard Scott say. Undoubtedly there opportunities we’re running the company to the long-term we want to keep adding to our capabilities and extending our breath and we have a very strong balance sheet and free cash flow. So you can expect us to invest in the business as you heard from Scott 7% to 9% of revenue. You can expect us to do acquisitions but we’re smart acquirers and where those – where we have excess cash above those two we will be aggressive about returning capital to shareholders like we were in Q4. 
Devin Wenig: Sorry Colin. Thanks. We are seeing similar benefits so we’ve added a lot of pages we’re still building and deploying a lot of these new experiences and as I said in my remarks we’re up to 4% of traffic which is pretty small so the impact in the quarter is still been really – it’s hard to see given how small the traffic is. On the Edge and SCO we are still seeing the gains that we talked about the last quarter. There’s really been no degradation. As we experimented with moving those inside as you would imagine conversion rates goes down as I said last quarter also I think it one of the questions that I got I wouldn’t – if you multiply 10% conversion gains and the compounding effect of across the whole site the numbers would be monstrous. We don’t expect to see those type of conversion rates as we move the experiences into the core shopping funnel. They’re competing with much higher converting experiences like our search results as you would imagine but we are optimistic that these are really good consumer game changing experiences and we will be aggressive subject to we don’t want to disrupt the business. We think that 4% will grow quarter-by-quarter. You will begin to see it instead of me talking about it when you go on eBay you will begin to see these new structured data pages further in the core shopping funnel, whether it’s on the homepage or in search results or even in the view item. You will start to see the benefits of that. So we are going to be aggressive will do it intelligently. We’re seeing good gains and it certainly implicit in some of what we have talked about vis-à-vis acceleration of the core business.
Devin Wenig: I’ve said consistently that just given the competitive nature of the industry we operate in, given the size of the industry we operate in, and given the opportunities, we try to balance investment and ROI, but I don’t look at the long-term margin play here, I don’t look at the margin of the business going up materially. In the face – in the last 12 months we’ve had one guiding principle which is increase the competitiveness of the business and in the face of an FX deterioration of the margin we’ve invested into that rather than try to hang onto a margin at the expense of our consumer – customer experience. So we will watch the margin very carefully. We’re not at all flippant about it. But we don’t wake up in the morning managing the margin. I’ve said that before and I want to be super clear about that. I wake up in the morning not hanging onto every bit of margin. I want to invest enough that we can build a differentiated competitive business with adequate growth in the long run. What is that mean? I think it’s too soon to tell. But I don’t think you should expect the margin to go up materially over the next several years.
Devin Wenig: Yes, just quickly. So, as I said the 10% is that about edges in SCO. Those numbers come down quite a bit. And when you compete with well converting search pages the conversion is similar right now to the non-structured data pages. So we have some work to do when we’re competing with our best converting pages. At the edge it’s 10% all the way into the hardest comps at zero and it’s kind of a spectrum as you move out from there. So we are still seeing gains but not all of it. As I’ve said consistently is 10%. That would be remarkable. And frankly, I’m really pleased that we are getting 10% even at the edge. I mean, if we even got – if we got anything meaningful even low single digits as we move into the core that will be a great lever to reaccelerate the business. So what did we learn – what we’ve learned as we need to be careful and we need to be focused about moving these hundreds of millions of pages into our core because 167 million people are using eBay today pretty effectively. So, that’s why we are being aggressive but smart about how we do it. The second part of the question was on managing inventory. So look, one of the great benefits of understanding your inventory which is really the uber purpose of doing structured data; is that we can start to manage inventory even though we don’t own it like a retailer. What that means is getting great guidance on what is in demand; what is our price versus our competitors; where do we have gaps based on, say, our search results. And we began the journey this holiday of stepping into those gaps, going out to sellers in real-time saying we need Apple watches or we need AirPods or we need whatever because it’s in demand or you’ve got your inventory on the site, it’s at too high a price, we need you to lower it and then we will promote it. We’re starting to be able to manage peaks and troughs. It’s not that we were blind on that it’s just that if you don’t know what you are selling it becomes impossible to action those retail moments. It’s increasingly the fog is lifting on supply and demand at those moments and that allows us to step into that to maximize the efficiency of the marketplace. I think your final question was just mobile desktop, not a lot of difference right now that we’re seeing on structured data pages.
Devin Wenig: That’s a doozy last question, Scott. Well done. Let’s see, taking them in turn, first of all vis-à-vis acquisitions. I think all three are in the fall StubHub, eBay and Classifieds. I just point to more tech and talent, expect us to focus on what I think of the emerging major computing platform shifts I mentioned in my remarks. AI is really important to us. VR and AR are not a toy, we want to be early. And the Internet of things, the Internet of everywhere distributed commerce also important. You can expect us to be active in all of those areas. Expanding geographically in all of our platforms we are always looking out. And it also say there may be interesting opportunities vertically for eBay, in particular we’ve seen the success of StubHub as a vertical category that benefits from the ownership of eBay, other verticals were some brand might make sense of sub experience, we’re looking at that right now. So we’ll be disciplined but you can certainly expect M&A to be part of our story in 2017. On dividend there’s no change to where we are; nothing has changed from our last position. And on PayPal, look, I will just say, obviously everyone knows that it was a five-year agreement that we signed 18 months ago. PayPal is a really good partner. We appreciate working with them. They’ve been a good payment provider for us for well before and well after we spun PayPal out as an operating entity. And as we go forward we will evaluate our options, obviously, you would expect us to look at all of our choices and options as that agreement rolls closer to its – to the date that it rolls off, but we still got a bit of time for that. So that’s where we are.
