John J. Donahoe: Yes, Ross. On Latin America, yes. Latin America is an important growth opportunity for us. As you mentioned, PayPal is -- always had a strong cross-border business. We now have domestic payments capability in Brazil for PayPal. The Brazilian growth is on fire. We have domestic payments capability in Mexico. So PayPal is aggressively penetrating Latin America in both cross-border and domestic markets. And then with eBay, eBay has a strong cross-border business in and out of Latin America today, and we're doing things to accentuate that. So for instance, we launched a mobile app in Brazil for a quarter that allowed Brazilian consumers to shop eBay's global inventory in a more convenient way. We also have Classifieds investments in Latin America. So it's an important market and one that we'll continue to focus on and one I think you'll see us continue to take action in.
John J. Donahoe: Yes, Sanjay. Well, Marketplaces, we feel just terrific about how the Marketplaces ended the year and also about the whole year 2012. And as you highlighted, those results have really been driven by a number of factors, the factors we've been working on over last several years, but they're all coming together right now: improved trust, a better user experience. Mobile is no doubt driving growth in this business. And the vertical experience as you described, consumers are finding our vertical experience is very attractive, and new user growth continues to accelerate. So we expect to continue that momentum into 2013. And Devin and his team are very focused on [Audio Gap] Going after new sets of opportunities, including the BRIC and emerging markets, including adding large retailer inventory on to eBay, including making it easier for consumer sellers to list on eBay and provide a great buyer experience. And so those are the things. And we feel very good about the business, and we think the strong momentum will continue. And absolutely, our aspiration goal is to grow faster than the market.
John J. Donahoe: And one other thing I'd just throw in, Steven, to build on Bob's point is one of the things we see in the Marketplace business and frankly in PayPal is improved trust in the Marketplace is making people more comfortable buying more expensive items. And I also think the growing use of mobile, people are more comfortable buying more expensive items online, whether on the Web or on a mobile device. So I think that portends well to -- for both platforms over time.
John J. Donahoe: Yes. Heath, on point of sale, we're -- as you mentioned, we've now signed 23 large retailers to go along with. The real focus in 2012 has been getting merchant coverage. And so the 23 large retailers, the Discover partnership, the NCR partnership, developing PayPal Here. And to be honest, we haven't focused a lot on consumer adoption to date because we felt like if a consumer can only use PayPal once in every 10 miles, it's not going to create a lot of frequency. And so what we're doing is trying to build more density of acceptance, so that a consumer can now use PayPal multiple times in a week, not just once in a while in the offline world. So really, the first significant experiment we're doing around consumer adoption, I highlighted in the script, right? The Jamba Juice, because our focus on the consumer adoption side is solving real consumer pain points. That's the only way we're going to get healthy consumer adoption. The same way PayPal has solved pain points online, it was safer and easier. On mobile, it's safer and easier. In the offline world, we're looking for situations like standing in line. Standing in line is a pain point. Consumers don't like it. Retailers don't like it. So this Jamba Juice solution is an example of how we're trying to use our capabilities to enable consumers not to have to stand in line. Another example that [indiscernible] work with NCR on is it's kind of a hassle when you want to -- when you're sitting in a restaurant and you have to wait for the check to come. Or you have to wait -- you give someone your credit card, you got to wait for the server to come back with it. Now, with this NCR solution, consumers will be able to pay right from their table when they want, add a tip and pay. And so what you'll see us doing in 2013 is it's really -- if 2012 was test and learn on the merchants side, 2013 is test and learn on the consumer side. And we'll do a variety of experiments in different retail verticals and areas to try to get consumer engagement at small retailers and large. So a lot to be learned in this coming year on the consumer front.
John J. Donahoe: Yes. Well, you hit at one of the major, major advantages I think we have versus some other Internet companies. We monetize mobile the same way we monetize the Web. And so we are all in on mobile. We want to give consumers choices. If they want to pay on the Web, they can. If they want to pay on mobile, they can. And so across both of our core businesses, there is absolutely no doubt or uncertainty around the value and benefit of mobile. And so our monetization, our take rate, the same. Now as you highlighted, mobile engagement actually creates higher value in a couple of ways. Probably the most important way is our mobile consumers are more engaged than nonmobile. They simply come back to both eBay and PayPal more frequently because they are accessing it 7 days a week, 24 hours a day versus just when they're in front of their laptop or desktop. And so we see clear engagement, consumer engagement benefits of when people start engaging with our mobile apps. And that's largely -- or that's partly what's driving that mobile growth. In terms of giving people access to our apps, we do some marketing of them. But frankly, word of mouth is out. eBay is a great mobile experience. And eBay is one of the top 10 on your iPhone or Android deck apps, and that's a great position to have. In fact, we have 2 of the top 10, eBay and PayPal. People are putting that in their top 10, and word of mouth gets out. And so that's fueling that growth. There's now up to 120 million downloads across our eBay Mobile apps.
John J. Donahoe: The last thing I referenced earlier just while we're on the other -- some of the ways we're using mobile is mobile is actually an effective way to penetrate some new geographies. So I mentioned Brazil earlier. We had Portuguese mobile apps and Russia. You'll see us to be doing things in other markets where before we enter with a big Web experience, we can enter -- and it's a mobile experience that's in the local language, that's compelling, that's actually reaching a lot of the new Internet users who are reaching the Internet for the first time through their smartphone. So you also see us use mobile in the coming years -- coming months and years to really penetrate some geographic markets that otherwise would have been lower on our priority list.
John J. Donahoe: And I'd -- Justin, I'd build on that and say that I think 2.0, that eBay 2.0, which for those who don't know, is the really updated user experience. I think that was a contributor in the U.S. Consumers like it. But I don't think it was a major difference between the U.S. and international. As Bob said, the macroeconomic factors I think are more impacting that. But we will roll eBay 2.0 out across Europe in the first quarter.
John J. Donahoe: Let me just take -- I'll take the first part of the question. And in terms of density, again, just to sort of paint the picture going forward, we'll continue to sign and integrate large merchants. And that adds a number of retail locations. We're in 18,000 retail locations in the U.S. We'll continue to add -- sign in and add large retail locations both in the U.S. and across Europe. Our Discovery deal will add 7 million new locations in the U.S. That starts -- that goes live toward the end of the second quarter. Some of our partnerships with NCR and other point-of-sale providers gives us the access to others. And then PayPal Here obviously, which we really again haven't started marketing aggressively, you'll see us starting to market PayPal Here more aggressively, and that provides coverage with the smaller micro merchants and smaller merchants. So we'll continue to build that merchant ubiquity, merchant coverage out over the next 12 months. But we're not going to wait for that to be fully done before we start testing and learning around consumer engagement. So we'll be doing some different experiments and tests in different geographic locations and different vertical segments to start the flywheel of consumer learning in 2013. And as I said, I think this will be a test-and-learn year for consumer engagement. One of the things we feel great about is that accelerating consumer growth rate, new user growth rate in PayPal, we think that as we start engaging consumers in the offline world, that will also help in our signing up of new users to PayPal. So I characterize this year as a test-and-learn year on the consumer-acquisition, consumer-engagement side.
John J. Donahoe: And, Jordan, in terms of consumer use, here is how we're thinking about it. Consumers have habituated to use PayPal online, right? We're the leader in online payments, the preferred choice. Consumers prefer paying with PayPal on their mobile device, and the mobile payments volume is strong. What we know is that consumers are concerned about entering their credit card information to the mobile device. That's the reason when retailers integrate Mobile Express Checkout, PayPal Mobile Express Checkout, they see conversion go up. Our share of checkout is double on mobile than it is online. And so as we go into the offline world, what we're doing is a couple of things. One, this year, we'll look for some specific use cases, the check-in capability you can get with PayPal Here, where you can check in, in advance but allows the retailer to provide personalized service and makes payments completely friction free. The pre-ordering I talked about, the paying from the table. So yes, these are a variety of narrow use cases, if you will, that can -- that solve consumer pain points. And our approach to it will be that you could do it through the PayPal app or you can do it through the retailers app and pay with PayPal. It doesn't -- we'll give consumers choice and flexibility on that. We think ultimately, consumers aren't going to have 5,000 apps on their phones. And so that an app like PayPal, which allows you to check in at multiple retailers, multiple restaurants, allows you to preorder at multiple restaurants, will be of value. And PayPal will be the only option out there that allows you to have your full wallet there, where you can pay with any financial instrument you want. You can put your loyalty cards, your coupons. And so much like you have one physical wallet, we think PayPal, our intent is to drive it to be the digital wallet. But that's going to play its way out over the next 6, 12, 18 months as we drive forward. We think our starting point is strong. And I'll just remind you, I've said it before, if we get 1% of offline retail, it doubles the size of PayPal. So we like our leadership position. We think it's an enormous white space, and we'll go after it aggressively.
John J. Donahoe: Yes, Scott. On the -- we don't have any cohort data that I'll necessarily go through here. What I'll tell you is this, is the new users are coming from developed markets, 1/4 of them are coming from mobile, and they're coming from BRIC and emerging markets, and those 3 categories to have slightly different characteristics. The ones that are coming from developed markets on the Web often are people that have tried eBay sometime in the past and they've been inactive. And they're coming back to the new eBay. They like what they see. And we're seeing them activate again, and they buy the first time. And then we're seeing I think attractive purchase patterns and growth. And we're both qualitatively and quantitatively monitoring them. The mobile users are really interesting. The people that are registering on mobile tend to be younger. They tend to buy in slightly different categories. And what we see is they will start buying on mobile and continue buying in mobile, and then they'll bridge over to the Web as well at some point. But what we like about that group is it's a different demographic. And often, they're people that have never tried eBay before. And so they're trying eBay for the first time. And then the BRIC and emerging markets, which we think is just an enormous opportunity, I mean there's 2 billion Internet users today. That's growing to 4 billion over the next 3 to 5 years by most forecasts. A large part of that will be in the BRIC and emerging markets. A large number of those consumers will access the Web for the first time in their life through a smartphone or a mobile device. And so our growth in the BRIC and emerging markets, our new user growth, is very significant. I got Devin nodding right in front of me because he's been showing me the data about the eBay and PayPal new user growth in Russia, in Brazil, in India, in China. And our 2013 and '14 plans really are stepping on the gas of leveraging our global platforms in those BRIC and emerging markets for new users initially. And obviously, we expect the patterns of their frequency to build in their own pattern. But we think it's a huge opportunity that we're very excited about.
Robert H. Swan: And, Ross, on your second question relating to charge-offs, yes, I think Bill Me Later charge-offs, up a little bit. RAM or risk-adjusted margin down a little bit in line with our expectations. And in effect, as you know, with this business, what we've been able to demonstrate is by using Bill Me Later, we drive higher conversion at our client sites. So we feel great about kind of the growth prospects. Over the long-term horizon, we think the right kind of risk-adjusted margin for this business is in the 14% to 16% range. And frankly, we want to be able to take risk to help grow this business and adopt Bill Me Later more and more in the PayPal wallet because of the additional economic benefits we get by lower funding cost in the wallet. So we adjust our risk parameters to drive a growing loan portfolio, helping our clients convert more at risk-adjusted margins in the 14% to 16% range. That improves the overall ecosystem of the business. So that's how we think about it, and the quarter was basically in line with our expectations in how we drive the business.
Robert H. Swan: I would -- just -- another point of context for the fine point on John's comment. In -- 24 months ago, we said the business would be $7 billion to $8 billion in size. 12 months ago, we said it would be $7.5 billion to $8 billion. And today, we're saying it's going to be north of $8 billion, indicative of the progress and the momentum we have. So we feel very good about our position. On your second question, uses of capital. Frankly, more of the same. We think about investing organically first and foremost. And particularly for us, that means leveraging our offshore cash to fund the growth of Bill Me Later. Secondly, we look at strategic acquisitions to accelerate the competitive position of the company and our individual business units that will continue to be something where we will make acquisitions that we think will make us stronger. And then third is continuing returning capital to shareholders. And we do that in effect by offsetting dilution from our comp-based programs. So continuing that three-pronged approach for how we effectively use our capital organically, inquisitively and return it to shareholders.
Robert H. Swan: I think I got it all. But I think first, yes, to your first point in terms of across both platforms, transaction volume and the implications on AOB [ph]. I think one nuance, transaction volume for PayPal in terms of engagement, frequency, as the active user growth accelerates. So now we've seen 3 points of active user growth acceleration over the course of the last 3 quarters. It's bringing back newer users whose frequency in early stages is lower. So we see active user growth accelerate in transactions per is down a little bit because we're re-engaging new users. And now, we need to increase their frequency...
Robert H. Swan: No, that's the -- that is what is happening in PayPal in the quarter that's a little different than Marketplaces. Again, 3 points of active user growth over the last 3 quarters, first timers coming back into the funnel. So the average transaction per is a little bit lower. That is good. We like that. And now, we got to drive that user base to be more frequent over time. In terms of take rate, in essence, it's flat. Once you take out -- we always try [indiscernible] to take out vehicles and the effects of StubHub. And you net those out, take rate is essentially flat year-on-year, no change. And we don't expect any dramatic changes in that in the near term.
Robert H. Swan: And, Heath, on the second question, yes. The short answer, yes. And 2011 -- sorry, in 2009 and 2011. And again, you can expect in March of this year, we'll lay out kind of how we see the industry playing out over the course of the next 3 years: our strategies, our tactics, how we're going to invest behind them and what you can expect from us as a team in 2015. So yes, we look forward to seeing them [ph].
Robert H. Swan: So as John said, the economics for us are not dramatically different from a desktop or mobile device. I think the additional consideration is just in terms of sources of traffic. As you know, the majority of our traffic is -- comes direct to ebay.com. And that as a percentage of our total traffic is growing. And one of the reasons it's growing is because traffic on a mobile device tends to come direct. So net net, it'll be -- the most efficient traffic we get is that it comes direct. And mobile is helping accelerate us -- direct as a source of our overall traffic.
Robert H. Swan: I'll take a portion of that and have John take another. First, yes, I mean we continue to make innovations across all of the sites around the globe, particularly more innovations here in the U.S. in the fourth quarter as we rolled out some of the new feature set. But I would say Europe, which has been relatively strong for us, the overall -- to risk of stating the obvious, the overall economic climate is not as strong as it is here in the U.S. So we still think, see things, while good, to be relatively sluggish. And as I indicated, a little more sluggish in Germany, our second biggest market outside the U.S. versus the U.K. So yes, I would say the slower growth in international is a little more indicative of maybe the economic environment as opposed to the U.S. economic environment.
Robert H. Swan: And, Youssef, on your question about PayPal margins, yes, they did come down in the fourth quarter. The transaction margins remained relatively stable, and we invested more. And the investments were kind of along the lines of what John said. One was continuing to drive consumer awareness to increase the active user base; second, continue to develop product that will address consumer pain points; and third, merchant ubiquity on and offline. So those are the 3 things that we've invested more behind. Active users grew, merchant ubiquity, good progress online and offline. So we feel pretty good about how those investments are working for us. In terms of 2013, more of the same. We think the opportunity is even bigger. We think we have the unique capabilities to invest behind to accelerate our position on and offline. And it will be consumer awareness and acquisition and engagement, it will be merchant ubiquity and it will be products that address consumer pain points and drive more frequency of use.
Robert H. Swan: So I'll do the cross-border trade. I think for the most part, cross-border trades for both eBay and PayPal was generally in line with overall GMV and Merchant Services TPV growth. So a little bit marginally slower, so cross-border as a percent of total didn't really change in the quarter. So it stabilized, which we feel pretty good about. The acceleration of cross-border trade, honestly, Jordan, I don't anticipate that happening until our biggest cross-border-trade quarter, Europe, economic environment gets a little bit better. So things have stabilized. We've assumed they will kind of stabilize. And if there's more buying going on in Europe, we expect that'll improve.
Robert H. Swan: And, Scott, in terms of the GSI technology platform, a few things. One, we continue to invest in the current platform, the V9, what we call V9, V10 platform, to enhance its multichannel capabilities. So that's number one. Number two, kind of the new launch, the new platform, we just certified through testing in -- right at the end of the year. Our expectation is to roll that out with the launched line here in the first half. And then third, and we already started to get some new logos in the second half of last year, and our pipeline is building. And I think what our intentions are to deliver on the technology platform to demonstrate its capabilities, not just in the lab but with the client and aggressively take its capabilities to begin to add more and more new logos as we go through the course of 2013.
