Devin Wenig: Yeah, thanks for the question, Mark. First on levels of marketing spend; in line with what we normally do on holiday, we will ramp up our holiday spend. It's likely that, depending on the underlying metrics that we see, we may do that a little bit more aggressively this season. But let's keep in mind that we are a very disciplined marketer. We don't throw money against the wall and hope things stick. We measure almost every penny that we spend and we try to get a return on that. It doesn't have to be immediate, but we understand the CLV of user acquisition and we're disciplined about the way we spend. So as you've heard me say before, it's not hard to grow an e-commerce company, it is hard to grow value in an e-commerce company and we're solving the grow value. So we will spend into the holiday, but we won't spend to acquire business or users at any cost, because plenty are doing that, but not plenty are creating value. On diversification of marketing, it is very important to me that we end up in a couple of years with multiple channels that are competing for our incremental investment dollar. I'll remind you that the majority of eBay's traffic comes directly to us either to our apps or to our site, that's the premium of our brand showing up; but not an insignificant minority comes through channels and it's very important that we have more of those channels that are competing for our dollar. And as you heard in my remarks, we're working very closely with the social and the messaging platforms to try to scale our investment to healthily – at positive ROI of acquired new users and new traffic. I'd say it's early. I'm encouraged by what I see. We are optimistic about the future, but it is early. And we are a very large digital marketer, one of the largest on the web; and the total amount that we've been able to spend into positive results on these platforms, it is still very small compared to our more established channels. So it'll take time, but we're on the path. Thanks for the question.
Devin Wenig: Colin, to your question on growth, let me just provide a little bit of perspective. We started the year and we described some of the issues that we were working through and we discussed the fact that some of the buyer cohorts that we had lost last year would take some time to reacquire. And because of that, it wasn't as simple as passing a calendar date and lapping it. There were some systematic issues on reacquiring buyers that we were working our way through, we were confident we would do it, but we also explained that it would take time. And in that context, we gave guidance for 2015, which was 0% to 5% revenue growth. As we got a bit further in the first half, we clarified our strategy and communicated that on our investor presentation and through our roadshow, and what we said there was we feel great about our future, but this will be a transformative moment for eBay where we've got a lot of hard work to do, and we're going to make some choices which in and amongst themselves are the right decisions for eBay, but they'll create some short-term growth issues. And in that context, we extended the guidance through 2016. Now with the first half over, what I'd say is things are going pretty well and we feel pretty good about that. And that's given us the ability (01:06:24) but I'd just refer you back to everything we said in the first half. We're doing what we said we would do. We're executing the strategy. We're working through the issues. All of that remains exactly as I said in the first quarter, on the roadshow and through the investor presentation. So I would just say we're feeling good about where we are, we're on the right path, but I'd caution against any assumption that says, well, we've just popped out of this and now growth rates are going back to exactly where they were. There are a lot more factors involved. We feel great about where we are and the path we're on. And like I said, I think we laid down a bunch of markers and what's important to me is, we're doing exactly what we said and we're trickling towards the upper end of that trajectory, and we'll keep updating you as we go. On the small and medium-size business issue, I'd just say the overwhelming majority of what eBay sells comes from small and medium-size businesses, overwhelming majority. A large seller on eBay is a couple of million dollars. And that's the incredible breadth and the fragmentation that is eBay, the 25 million sellers are the incredible spectrum of small sellers and entrepreneurs and even individuals, and in many ways that's our strength. So the segment we're leaning into really is where we have number one market share and where we're the best and where we believe we can win.
Devin Wenig: Two parts of your question, one was 2016 guidance and one was MELI's stake. On 2016 guidance, I guess I'd refer you back to my last answer. We put 2016 guidance up three weeks ago in the investor presentation and we're not changing that now. I think we'll come back to 2016 guidance as we get closer to the end of the year and obviously as we get closer to 2016. Whether the initiatives were in or not; when we gave the guidance, of course, everything in the business was in it, there was no footnote to that. But as we see the progress of these initiatives, we'll update the guidance when we get closer to 2016. Vis-a-vis MELI, I just – I guess, I wouldn't comment on a specific asset, I'd just comment on our approach to our portfolio, which is everything has to have a reason to exist in the portfolio. Not everything has to have a path to direct ownership or accretion of our results immediately, but, ultimately, we don't hold things for the sake of holding them, and you've seen that through the disposition of Enterprise and of Craigslist. And ultimately, we'll look at everything through that same lens. I think that vis-a-vis that relationship, it's been a strong relationship, they've done a great job. We've learned and grown together, and it's been a very positive and constructive relationship. But again, our portfolio – we understand that every investment we have needs to have a reason. And I think we've put our money where our mouth is with our actions over the last six months.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, thanks for the question. On the user growth, as we said and as you've seen, these are sort of long cycle movements, they don't immediately move up and down. They sort of are longer cycle sinewave type movements. And we've been moving down since last year, but I think what was very important in this announcement, in this earnings was the fact that we've seen, for the first time, really since May of 2014, quarter-on-quarter stability in user acquisition. So that doesn't mean we snap right back, but I feel like there is a reasonable chance, that we're at the bottom of that sinewave now and can now start working our way back up. So that to me is an encouraging sign. And just vis-a-vis the opportunity on user growth, I mean, yeah, one of the things I'm proudest of over the last four years is, we added roughly 60 million active accounts, which is a sign of relevance to say the least. So I think the ability to continue to acquire users and drive eBay's relevance across consumers and sellers is absolutely part of what we're talking about in our strategy. On the pages, it's really early. And like I said, this is going to be a long-term effort. I think – we've put pages up that I think are very interesting. They're interesting not just to reacquire SEO traffic, but they're interesting for what they mean for the shopping experience on eBay. This is not about another commodity page to sell another commodity item. This is about sharpening the focus of what is truly uniquely different about our business. And that's a spectrum of choices and value, which can only be done when we understand product families. So I am encouraged by it. But we have 800 million items for sale and this is going to take quite a long time. But the benefits will come as we work them. It's not all or nothing and we'll just keep working our way down and providing updates as we go. Thanks for the question.
Devin Wenig: Thanks. I'll take the first and I'll give it to Scott for the second. On the first, I think the response has been very good so far. We've seen almost no change in listings. We're phasing it in, so the requirement was June 29; the way we're implementing it is through category and that's being phased in. But right now, I think, the community has adopted it very well. We've seen no change in listings and no material breakage in GMV. So for whatever it is, three weeks in, it's going exactly as we had planned. And Scott – I'll turn it over to Scott for the capital discussion.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. So, Bryan, thanks for the question. So as I mentioned, we think One Touch is one of the most significant products that we've rolled out – functionality we've rolled out in the last five years for the checkout experience. It literally does take out all friction out of the commerce experience, where you can check out with a single touch. And so we're very excited about it. What we're doing with One Touch is, we've been able to seamlessly bring that over from the Braintree platform into our PayPal flows. And so as we bring it into our PayPal flow, a consumer doesn't need to do anything differently except opt in, that's what they have to do for that on each device in which they want to integrate One Touch. So for them it's a seamless type of integration. On the merchant side, the same thing. We're able to do this in a seamless fashion. The merchant doesn't have to upgrade. It automatically happens for the merchant as we take that One Touch capability into that payment – PayPal payment flow. And so we're just going about this in a disciplined fashion, rolling it out. We started this a little over a month ago to 1% of our traffic. We ramped that up to 5% of traffic. Then we started expanding it into other countries. We'll start expanding it throughout the world, but we're just doing it in a very disciplined fashion to make sure there are no issues with it. If we see it going better than we expected, we can accelerate that, but we need to make sure that we take that One Touch experience and in each of the different PayPal flows, and we have a couple of different flows there, that it works as exceptionally as it is right now in helping to increase conversion rates.
Dan Schulman: So we're already in the UK, in Canada. We have plans to roll it out to most of our major markets, the beginning of that rollout by the end of this year.
Dan Schulman: Colin, thanks for the question. First of all, we are very focused on, call it, two major constituencies. We've got merchants on one side, consumers on the other; obviously, developers are third constituency for us, but let's focus on merchants and consumers right now. So the first thing that we needed to do and we have spent a lot of time and I give a tremendous amount of credit to the team at PayPal and the former leadership teams at PayPal in terms of their foresight in the technological upgrades that we've done on our platform. The technology upgrades we've done allow us to innovate, they allow us to deploy changes and innovations in times that we were unheard of even a year or so ago. So we have the ability to constantly do A/B testing on our website, on all of the different programs that we have right now. That was difficult for us several years ago. As a result of that, our acquisition and our acquisition flow on that is improving dramatically as is our retention efforts. We are ramping up our lifecycle management efforts across the world, because we now have real-time data and information that we can use. We know what the various variables are that lead to indication of churn or the indication of a very profitable customer and we're accelerating on all of those. And the technology upgrades we did on the platform is helping us tremendously on that. On the consumer side, we obviously want to be more a part of their financial lives. We want to move from being an occasional use, twice a month, to them using us two times to three times a month. And we think that's obviously a stretch goal through all of our active base, but we already have an example of that in Venmo. Venmo users use the service two times to four times a week. It's a part of how they manage and move their money. And we want to become more of a part of how consumers manage and move their money. The acquisition of Xoom is a good example of that. It takes capabilities that another company has built up, you apply that to the scale that we have in our base, in our global reach. And we think taking those capabilities, combining them with the assets that we have at PayPal gives us a tremendously powerful flywheel for both acquisition and engagement of our consumers, and we're very excited about that combination. And so as we look into the future and we look at the potential of consolidation and acquisitions going forward, as Patrick mentioned, we'll take a very disciplined approach to that. Now that our platform is significantly upgraded, we can do a lot more things organically. And we will take advantage of that and we have a very disciplined product roadmap in place, that's where One Touch came from, that's where our expanded Buyer Protection came from, those were all organic efforts. But if we see a capability or an ability to enter into a market at scale through an acquisition that helps our flywheel both in acquisition and engagement, we'll look at that carefully.
Dan Schulman: Hey, Carlos. This is Dan. Thanks for your question. Very consistently over the last – you look back over time, we've grown our subscribers through the ups and downs of eBay by anywhere between 3 million and 5 million a quarter; that have come in quarter after quarter. And this was no exception. Again, this quarter we grew our actives from 165 million to 169 million. And so as we work closely with eBay and we look at the acquisition that comes off of that, we've obviously expanded our acquisition efforts tremendously off of eBay. We have a tremendous amount of organic traffic that comes to our website that we convert. We have merchants now, 10 million plus merchants across the world that also generate consumer acquisition. And as our value proposition strengthens, as our brand strengthens, as our scale strengthens, there's a network effect that just naturally goes on. And as our lifecycle efforts which are still relatively nascent, I would say in general, expand I think we can improve our ability to both attract customers to PayPal, and importantly, retain and engage them, make them active customers. So I feel very good about that and I think our history proves that point. In terms of TPV growth, again if you look at our TPV results over the last several quarters, you can see very strong and accelerating TPV growth, and that is across the board. Not only is our MS growing 36% this quarter, but very strong growth out of Braintree, very strong growth out of Venmo, very strong growth in credit on the revenue side. So we have a very balanced portfolio across the world and across our product mix we're seeing good strength driving that TPV and revenue.
Dan Schulman: So, Sanjay, thanks for the question. We don't break out our average account growth by region or channel coming in. What we do see though is strong growth. I mean, if you look at our TPV, very strong growth across the world, our acquisition is relatively similar to that. That's one of the benefits of having a truly global network right now. Half of our revenue comes from outside of North America and that's been the case for quite some time. Our TPV is strong. Our acquisition growth is strong as well. And when a user comes on, typically what we find is, if it's an active user that comes on and again we're doing lifecycle efforts to accelerate all of this, but we typically begin to see that benefit come on within the first year or so.
Dan Schulman: Well, I think, as you know, we've got over 10 million plus merchants that accept us today and our merchant growth is accelerating nicely quarter-over-quarter as well. That's because we provide an extremely strong proposition to the merchant. We bring, first of all, now almost 170 million users onto the platform. Those are typically more active users than the normal Internet user. They spend more, they are more active; and so we bring a very engaged base to the merchant. It's simple and easy to integrate with us. We've made that a very low touch experience now. We're increasingly doing in context, so that when a consumer purchases on a merchant website they don't need to bounce back to something else, they can do it in context on the merchants website. So our value proposition is improving quite substantially. One Touch is another substantial improvement on that. And it's really a matter of going in and getting the right channels and getting the right touch points to those merchants. We have a channel that goes after large merchants. We're making very good progress on that. We – obviously there were some merchants that there was in inherent conflict when we were a part of eBay. This now opens our opportunity to look at every single merchant out there as a truly independent third-party payments platform on that. We're also beginning to win with some players like Bigcommerce where they're using our platform that really goes into the small market with partnerships and we're looking at more and more of that and making some very good progress on that. So I'm very encouraged by kind of the efforts. In terms of our merchant acquiring business, it's growing substantially, our value proposition is stronger than ever. And if you look at our strategy, the whole idea behind merchant acquiring is how do we become a great partner for merchants, how do we do more and more for them in this increasingly complicated world, how do we become 100% share of checkouts, so they can easily integrate any form of payment that they want to put in there. Whether it's Bitcoin or Android Pay or any of the credit card companies, we can integrate that for them. We can integrate into their loyalty, we can integrate into their rewards, we can integrate into offers. And so we really want to be fully a partner with a completely agnostic platform that allows the merchant to interact with their consumers on a very personal level. And so we're putting in a lot of pieces to that puzzle and feel really good about the initial success we've seen on that.
