Jamie Iannone: Yes. I'll start with the trading card ones and then I'll let Andy talk about the other two. So, yes, we've always had a great history in the Collectibles business and a great history in trading cards. Obviously, Q1 was really strong doing it over $1 billion in the quarter, which was more than half of last year's record setting. And I'd say in general, what we see is that when we take category-by-category, and we changed the NPS, and we changed the customer experience, that changes the buyers and sellers and the GMV follows. And in that case, it's similar to what we saw in sneakers and in watches where that change led to a dramatically different performance. We see customization, which we just launched this quarter as another one of those opportunities. We do millions of items on the site today, but we do it in a way that's really full of a lot of friction between the buyer and the seller, and this makes it really seamless and I think gives us the opportunity to open up more GMV. But as I said upfront, we haven't even touched the -- some of the major categories that we have like home and garden, fashion, electronics, and parts and accessories. These are big core categories that all have addressable opportunities that we think can benefit from this playbook.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So, first on the monetization side. So look obviously both payments and advertising are leading to the significant growth in revenue ahead of payments. Since you asked more about advertising, I'll talk about -- we feel great about the business in part, because our sellers are seeing a great return on the ad spend. And we think there's a lot of opportunity left from that perspective to help them be able to move their products with velocity. So what we're announcing this quarter is that, we're basically rolling out three new experiments or pilots in our advertising business. The first being placement for our auctions. So the growth that we've seen to date has really just been on the fixed price business. So that will be a new capability. We're also testing a CPC-based capability for our sellers, which is a new potential growth vector. And we're looking at off eBay opportunities for our sellers to even further increase their exposure. So we continue to look at the monetization and are we adding value to sellers? A great example for that is in watches this quarter, we saw an opportunity to increase our fees there, because of the value that we're creating for our sellers in that category. Overall, when I look at advertising, it's still only 1% of GMV. And if you look at benchmarks, there's significant opportunity above that. And we -- as long as we continue to add value to sellers we think that will be a continued opportunity.  On the second side on the investments, we laid out in July, the strategic plan and started with the category idea on verticals specifically of reinventing the experience, changing the NPS and driving GMV. And if you look at the results of the past few quarters, this is the fourth quarter in a row where we have triple-digit growth in sneakers. This is a business that had been declining double-digits. Our watches went from 16% last quarter to 38%. More importantly though we're seeing customer satisfaction metrics in the 80s and 90s. And so we think this concept of really applying it to other parts of the business. So what you're going to see over the next coming quarters and years is us continuing to expand that focus and invest in and roll out additional categories.  Like I said upfront, the majority of our big categories like parts and accessories, electronics, fashion all have similar opportunities to follow that playbook. So we're going to continue to do it in a balanced way as I talked about in July, managing what we spend with what we see as the growth opportunity. And we've already done that in a lot of areas especially in marketing over the past couple of quarters.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So on take rate, obviously, with payments we actually think we are -- for the vast majority of sellers they're going to experience lower fees even though it will mean at least $0.5 billion of operating income to our business. And we continue to look for ways that we can drive kind of the new experience. The off eBay advertising is a great example of that.  And to your comment on watches, it's really kind of a category-by-category basis of us looking at what value are we creating and what opportunities are there for our sellers. On how large this can be? Why we're focused on the non-new in season is because we believe it's a $500 million total addressable market. And if you look at our categories on the site, we have high single-digit, low double-digit penetration. And so we think there's lots of opportunity.  And coming back to the core of what we said about re-commerce, I think more and more especially in younger generations are interested in the re-commerce of pre-loved items. And so it's why we're leaning in so much towards that. Also we're seeing this strategy is working with C2C. So our C2C again, outgrew our B2C growth 34% versus 21%. But that only -- not only brings the unique inventory, but it turns those buyers into twice as valuable buyers when they try casual selling.  And then lastly, the tests we've been doing on the brand outlet side in the UK has been performing well. We're growing double-digits ahead of market rates. And as I mentioned before, what's great is that while we went out and sourced all of the initial programs to kind of build that up and now the brands are actually calling us and asking us to be part of that program. So you've seen this playbook from us over the past few quarters where we're trying things in different markets, finding success and then rolling them out more broadly. So we've had a lot of success with sneakers in the US and we're now rolling that out to UK, Canada and Australia this quarter. And you could see us continue to follow that playbook.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So look what I'd say is that on the categories that we've tackled thus far we're still in single-digit percentage territory. And what we've said is that we believe that over half over the -- coming years over half of the GMV is addressable in this type of opportunity and especially in some of these major categories. And frankly there's probably opportunities across all categories over time to be able to ever change it. We really wanted to see if the thesis that we laid out worked and it's been working pretty consistently and that's the feedback we're getting from buyers and sellers and we're obviously seeing it in the business. There's a lot of opportunity for us on the seller side. So on the store side, we're migrating all of our stores to the NextGen platform. That's mostly complete, which is a much better platform for them. This quarter we're rolling out CRM capabilities, which has been a long-standing ask of theirs, so that they can remarket to buyers through packing slips, through e-mail et cetera. So that's been pretty significant. And then even things like the customization that we're launching is a long-standing seller request to drive their business. We didn't talk much about this but one of the pain points that's existed in the eBay community for our sellers has been unpaid items for -- since the company really started payments was divorced from -- or separated from purchase, and so sellers sometimes would have a transaction close without getting paid. The ability -- now that we've launched manage payments and we're migrating a bunch of new technologies, we actually reduced that by 80% for our sellers. So that's a pain point that we're really happy to be able to eliminate for them. And then on the C2C side, it’s really about making it easier, why you see us launching things like image base listing? It is because we want to take all of the friction of the experience and make it a really short couple of minute process to get your items up on to the platforms. So, we’re doing a lot more education, things around the seller business, really focused on continuing to drive that C2C business. So I think each quarter, we'll be rolling out features that really address this key thesis of taking all the friction of the experience and making this the best marketplace in the world.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So first on buyers look in Q1, we added 7% to our active buyer count to $187 million globally. Over the past year we've added 13 million buyers to the marketplace. And what we're seeing is that those buyers are behaving with strong performance like pre-pandemic. So they're not just coming to eBay for during the pandemic time period and leaving. We're converting a good amount to our strategy of long-standing enthusiasts. We're really focused on the first 90 days for buyers and making sure that they have a great experience on the site. And what you're seeing is that the NPS is up, especially in focused categories like watches and sneakers, certified refurbished where you now have a two-year warranty and have the free returns. So we're really pleased with that. The cross-category nature and the size of these categories is one of the best assets of eBay. We talked last quarter about our sneaker buyer where we acquire a new Gen Z buyer; they end up buying $500 in sneakers but another $2,000 outside sneakers. We're seeing the same type of thing in watches where we're acquiring a buyer of new high-end watches and they're spending thousands of dollars outside of other categories. So we continue to lean in because it's a huge accelerator for us to get buyers purchasing cross-category and a lot of the marketing technology that we've built and we worked on, the AI with recommendations et cetera is really centered on this idea of capturing buyers and having them transact in multiple categories.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So I mean one that we're clearly looking at is with last year being such an anomaly with the pandemic is a year over two-year and the growth that we're seeing there, which we're excited by. Clearly we'll be lapping some of the buyer, extensive buyer growth that we had in last Q2 but we're looking at the performance of those active buyers on a go-forward basis and we're pretty pleased with that performance. And then the last thing I'd say is that, look, a lot of the stuff that we're doing on the core strategy is really about the long-term growth. So we're going to see things in the short-term variances versus prior year. But I think for me the core thing is the playbook that we put in place is working. This thesis of really changing the growth trajectory of the category by investing in the playbook is what the team is focused on. And we're going to stay on that for the near to medium future. If I look at coming into this in 2019, we were I think declining 2% from a GMV perspective. And if you look at our revenue growth projected next quarter, we're looking at double-digit revenue growth. So we feel good about where we're positioned coming out of the pandemic.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So first on the payment side, I would say, yes, not only buyers now have more choices of how to pay including Google Pay, Apple Pay, credit card, debit, PayPal, et cetera. But you no longer have to set up two different accounts. You no longer have to manage a claims process or returns process in two different areas. It's one eBay money back guarantee. So to us it dramatically simplifies the whole experience for a buyer and makes it easier. They keep that payment on file and it's just a dramatically easier experience. And then it's helping the seller too because I mentioned the unpaid item example earlier on the call but also the ability for them to manage all their business in one place makes it much more streamlined to just run a business on eBay. On the Promoted Listings, we see opportunities really across every category and every price point of GMV. The beauty of the CPA model that we've had of the cost per acquisition model has been just the simplicity of it of just adding the percentage and it makes it really easy. But the PC model that we're launching also gives the opportunity to really kind of push volume in a different way with a different set of capabilities. But even on single and unique items, people want to promote those items and get more exposure for them. They have for the longest period of time. It's why we're launching the ad feature for auction and testing that is to really go after it. And it's still not -- we still have a lot of opportunity across our listings to increase the penetration. Like I said before, we're only at 1% of GMV.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. I'll take the first one and I'll let Andy take the second. So on the category piece, we talked about last year was, people started by panic buying everything that was related to kind of health needs across the board on eBay. And then we saw that expand into kind of stay-at-home categories, fitness and laptops, those types of things in our electronics business. And then, really went kind of across the board over the course of the year. So as you think about this year it's really just a change against the backdrop of what we were buying last year. I'll let Andy take the second part of that.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So the first thing I'd say is that, on the category piece, in some cases the categories have overlapped in terms of features or capabilities we need to build in order to make that a winning NPS for us. So we build authentication once. It took us a couple of months to build it out, but then we're able to roll it out to the next category in a couple of weeks and expand that geographically. And so, I think that's actually true for a lot of areas, where there's components or features that we're building specifically to drive the NPS of a category that will be applicable to a broad set of categories across the experience. And in terms of pace, we're going to continue to do what we've done before, which is, roll them out in a specific geography, make sure that we're seeing the intended impact and then roll it out across the board. We don't really want to talk about which category is next and what we're focused on for competitive reasons. But I would just say that, we're really pleased with the playbook. We're really pleased that we're able to drive significant growth and a significant change in trajectory and most importantly, a significant change in the customer experience. And so, you're just going to see us continue feature after feature, category after category. The second thing I'd say is that the verticals is not the only investment that we're making. A lot of our investment is going to site-wide investments that impact all categories. Clearly, that's true for payments and advertising, but the same is true across our seller tools, across our API business, across the CRM and couponing capabilities that we just rolled out, investments that we have in search and in SEO, which apply to the whole business. So the way I think about them is kind of, a good amount of investment in vertical to really change the NPS of those categories, but a significant amount of site-wide investments as well, which lifts all categories. So that's the strategy. That's how we think about it and we're really pleased with the performance.
