Scott Schenkel: Sure. Why don't I take that, Brian? First off, just to clarify, so U.S. segment growth was 3% which was up one point Q-on-Q. That one extra point was driven by StubHub's acceleration and thus the underlying core business in the U.S. was stable. To your question on net debt, our current BBB+ rating allows us to had a 3 times to 3.5 times EBITDA multiple to be slightly in a net debt position and we have no issues with being at that level. And, right now, our plan is to continue to assess how we think about repurchasing our stock price and all of the underlying tenets of the capital allocation aspects that I laid out. I think the most important thing as we look forward is that, that 3 times to 3.5 times gives us the capacity that we think is necessary to provide the flexibility to do all the elements of long-term value creation that we talked about, drive the growth of the underlying business and give us the flexibility to acquire businesses in the disciplined way that we talked about in the past.
Scott Schenkel: Hey, Scott. A couple of things. First off, backing up on the U.S. growth. So the U.S., as we talked about in the past, has a significantly-impacted aspect of it from the strength of the U.S. dollar, which is heavily weighted on its export basis, on the export out of the U.S. And as you think about the U.S. dollar's strength, that's pushed down the GMV associated with that product going outside of the U.S. If you look at the GMB, which I highlighted last time, it's actually relatively stable; it's at 6% growth in the core U.S. business versus 6% last quarter. And so, to your question, the near-term aspects of the things that we're working on are actually relatively muted in those. As we've talked about, it's going to take a fair amount of time for that – for those – to the impact of things like structured data and other things to impact the growth. And so, in the near term, what the U.S. is facing is the pressure from the SEO, search issues, the associated active buyer growth impact and the FX that we talked about. Internationally, growth is roughly stable, the levels that they are. And I would say a couple of things to highlight there. First off, China export continues to be pretty strong and consistent quarter-over-quarter. We've got a great business in India that continues to grow very nicely. And our Korea business continues to do very well and kind of in line with prior quarter growth. In Europe, the impact of SEO, the impact of some of the product changes have had a little bit of a muted impact on growth particularly at the latter part of the quarter, but still in the reasonably close to the range that they were in the prior quarter. And again, they're impacted a bit by foreign exchange and a bit by the SEO aspects that we've talked about. In terms of your second question – the cost of revenue – the incremental cost from the operating agreement is tied to minimum volume threshold. There's two aspects that I'd call out. First off, in the revenue line, we actually have the cost – there's a benefit of the contracts with PayPal and those are the things that relate to the penetration rate, the credit bounty and the user acquisition. And then the actual costs in the cost of revenue now show up in our non-GAAP results are actually payment processing-related.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Mark. I think if you go back to one of our underlying tenets of how we'll deploy capital as it relates to share buyback, we'll continue to be prescriptive in our acquisition of our shares as it relates to the dilution-related activities, and then we'll be opportunistic in terms of how and when we buy back shares in this quarter. I don't think that is any different than how we think about it going forward. This quarter, we bought back 21.9 million shares at $27.36, roughly 1.8% of the company of the outstanding shares. Now, that all said, I think we all – we've talked about this in the past with everyone – there is a bit of a governor over the course of the first two years where we cannot have plans nor we'd be buying back more than 20% of the shares of the company. That said, this represents a fairly, I think, clear step of how we think about buybacks for us going forward.
Scott Schenkel: The cut, the way I think about this is, first off, the take rate was relatively stable quarter-to-quarter. And if you look at, it's up I think 10 basis points. We'll get a little bit of uplift from the mix of StubHub in that number. But I think the more material shift quarter-on-quarter was what I called out with the contra revenue. And as we look at our overall expense base for marketing, we, as you know, are very disciplined in how we approach the deployment of that marketing spend and occasionally will move the investment between different buckets within that expense base. And, in some cases, shift it from expense to contra revenue, broadly speaking. But things like seller incentives, daily deal incentives, even, to the extent, buyer couponing. And it's really dependent on how we see the capabilities of those different marketing channels to be effective and get the best return for us. In this quarter that did depress revenue growth a little bit, helping some of the underlying aspects of the business in the best way we thought to spend marketing on a go-forward basis. And that's really why you see the differential between the GMV growth rate of about 6% and the transaction revenue growth rate of 4%.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, so I'm going to take the first one. Doug, the active buyer growth of 5% is down a point Q-on-Q on a trailing 12-month basis. And what I've highlighted for the last couple of quarters is the trailing three-month is really purposely to help highlight how the more recent trends have developed based on the actions that we've taken. And the trailing three-month we've seen some modest acceleration, as I called out, based on the investments in India – which obviously on a GMV per user basis – is going to be lower than the rest of the world on average. And then the actions that we've taken to reduce friction on sign-in. And those include things like, over the last several months, providing security, much more robust set of security questions, allowing for text messaging to allow quick retrieval of a sign-in code, and then having users be able to remain signed in for a period of time. There's a number of other smaller things, but what that's had the impact of doing is actually reducing the churn of our existing user base. And we continue to work on going after those customers that have come back and not been able to sign in. And that's one of the ways that we think about using contra to go after them in the form of couponing, as well as direct marketing on e-mails, et cetera. Now, I will call out, as I did my comments, that there continue to be headwinds, even in the underlying trailing three-month results on active buyers that we see where even though we're making some progress in our cataloging penetration, if you will, as well as the changes to the user experience and what you're seeing in the Google search, it's not sufficient as of yet to stem the tide of the active buyers, the new active buyers, that aren't coming to the experience yet. And that's really our primary focus here.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Ross, the way I would answer your question on the cohorts is that as we get new buyer growth to reaccelerate in the core major markets, what I would expect is that those new buyers actually have a cohort profile similar to the ones that we have today. Underlying the trailing 12-month active buyer growth and the existing trailing three-month is a relatively stable set of cohorts that aside from the new buyers remain relatively stable in terms of how much they buy. And so, I don't anticipate that once we reactivate and get that new buyer growth going again that it would be materially different, although I don't necessarily have data to prove that at this point.
Devin N. Wenig: Let me take those. Let me take the two of those. So starting first with fixed-price versus auction, I think there's a couple of things going on. First of all, historically, auctions tended to correlate better with the consumer sold business on eBay. And for several years that business has grown more slowly than the B2C business. But I think there's something also going on that's more significant than that which is we've affirmatively moved through our policies and through our format guidance, a portion even of the consumer sold business, to fixed-price. So we think that certain categories we just see better conversion when we move them from an auction to a fixed-price listing. An example might be consumer electronics. So we've made it more favorable from a pricing perspective, and our guidance suggests to consumers that they list the cell phone at a price that we know it will sell at rather than necessarily engaging in an auction, just to give you one example. So part of it is we've moved it affirmatively. Part of it is our C2C business is something that, over the last few years, as we've talked about last quarter, we were very focused on big retail. And now we're coming back to looking at the opportunity in C2C, and I think there's a real opportunity over time to reinvigorate that business. And we might see some tailwinds based on that over time. So those are the two components that drive the decline in auctions versus the strength in the fixed-price format. On GMV, I think that roughly the coverage is in the accompanying slides, Carlos. We basically have said that there are three parts to what we're doing. Part of it is identifying the product identifiers. We look at the relevant universe as manufactured items. And manufactured items is roughly 700 million items out of our inventory. And I think if you look at the slides, you'll see that we've covered a portion of that already with the mandate. And the plan is to roll that out very aggressively over the next, let's call it, 15 months. So the slide ought to provide more color on the coverage by listings and GMV.
Devin N. Wenig: Yeah, thanks, Colin, for the question. On the first part, I think the 18 months that I referred to was there were questions on this structured data initiative, when will it start to make a dent in things like SEO? And when will be able to see it in traffic and in SEO? And as I said, it isn't – it doesn't all come at once – it comes as you progress. But I said I thought you'd be able to start to see it in around 18 months. And I still think that's the case. We are making good progress, but the external impact of that, meaning our benefits from SEO, our benefits from traffic from those channels is still relatively limited. And that's why, both in my remarks and in the slides, we wanted to clarify that there are a number of steps we need to take. And that's why there's a bit of a gap between asking sellers for the information, processing that data, applying machine learning, putting that in products and marketing channels, and then ultimately seeing the results. So I still think that's a fair timeframe for us to begin to see benefits in the channels that we mentioned. On the seller policies, it's worth clarifying that when we talk about small and medium sellers, that's really the core of the eBay seller, it doesn't necessarily mean a mom-and-pop, we're very focused on that, but it also means multi-million dollar businesses. But compared to large retailers, that's a small- or medium-sized business. That is clearly our area of focus. I think our policies and the products that we've launched, even in the first 90 days are squarely attuned to that segment of our marketplace. What we see is that there's really great energy around there. I'm really pleased with the progress we've made in a relatively short period of time, and I think that the opportunity for us to acquire new sellers, new inventory, differentiated inventory and differentiated sellers is real. I think the eBay brand is unique. I think we don't want to be like anyone else and we don't think that our brand is like anyone else's. And because of that, the ability to acquire unique inventory through unique sellers – both consumers and small- and medium-sized businesses – is square in the center of where we're focused. And you'll see us do even more down the balance of this year and certainly into 2016
Devin N. Wenig: Mark, thanks for the question. I'll take the first part; Scott will take the capital allocation question. On marketing, let me just start by giving a slight helicopter view of the way we view marketing. Historically, we've been very focused on digital channels and we've been very ROI-driven, and what that's tended to do is drive our marketing spend down the funnel. In other words, we tend to market heavily when we make sales and that's why we've heavily skewed towards things like paid search and other digital channels. I do think that as some of the markets shift and as more channels are available to us, we need to pivot some of our marketing to the mid funnel and to the upper funnel, and upper funnel is what we would call brand spend. It's more about eBay than about buying any particular item. We've been working really hard because we don't like to waste money around here and we're very metrics-focused. And as we move from the bottom of the funnel to the top, it gets harder. Frankly, the timeframes extend and it gets harder to measure whether a dollar was well-spent in-brand and it's easier to measure that if a dollar was well spent if you sold something or not. But I still believe that it's necessary. So we are already – particularly in the social channels that I mentioned in my remarks – beginning to move from selling individual items to selling eBay as a brand. And I think that you'll see more of that, not only through the holiday but through 2016. I think it's very important for us to say to the world who we are. Some of that is closing some of the misconceptions about our business. I think the brand is ubiquitous but not everyone knows what we do. But some of that is really the sort of emotional connection of the brand which is not a commodity, it's not a utility and it's about consumers finding unique items and incredible deals. And that's really where we think north is for our brand. More specifically for this holiday, we'll be very active. Last holiday, we did a bit of TV, not in every DMA but we did some TV in the U.S. and some in Europe. We're not going to do a significant amount of TV this holiday but we won't spend less. We're going to be very active in digital channels and we're operationally-ready for this holiday and we will certainly be active marketing, both through promotions and marketing channels, for the holiday. So I hope that answered the first part and I'll turn it to Scott on the capital question.
Devin N. Wenig: Thanks, Steve. I'll take the first part and Scott will take the second. Let me give you a qualitative rather than a quantitative view. I'm not going to componentize the qualitative side of structured data, but let me just describe it to you and why I think it ultimately has a positive impact on both traffic and on conversion. If we step back at what we're trying to do, what we're trying to do is really understand and associate the products that are on our shelves. We're trying to be able to group products. We're trying to be able to sell products in ways that are not dependent on search alone. We're trying to create better discoverability of products, both on the marketplace and off. If you come back to what we've been saying repeatedly, there might be a faster path to SEO recovery, but this cycle of spin it up and then spin it down is not sustainable. So we're building it on a much more sustainable foundation because ultimately both SEO, and frankly discoverability on eBay, are crying for persistence. They're crying for us to understand that just because a listing comes and goes, we're still selling thousands of iPhones or sweaters or shovels or whatever we're selling. So that, at the end of the day, is why having a persistent view of the products we sell, I believe, is a traffic driver, and it's a conversion driver because, ultimately, we have 800 million items for sale. This is the world's biggest store. It can be overwhelming, and we're asking too much of search. Search is very important, but for search to be the only lever to pick through 800 million items is becoming not sustainable. And ultimately it causes a reduction in conversion. The ability for us to group items, to merge items, to understand what's the best item out of a lot, to create trade-offs, say, between the very unique eBay categories like used, manufacturer refurbished, and new, and allow consumers to understand the value-based trade-offs of all of those choices, is to me endemic to what we're doing in the structured data initiative. So I can't give you a number, but I know that what we're driving at is better traffic. And I know that we're driving at better conversion. And that's why it's worth the investment and it's why it's worth the significant shift in what we're doing. Scott will take the second part on take rate.
Devin N. Wenig: Yeah, I'll take those. On Classifieds, I think what you said is exactly the way we look at it. Classifieds markets tend to be local, they tend to be national and at least historically for horizontal Classified players, they tend to be winner-take-all. Now that winner may not be clear right away and there's certainly competitor battlegrounds in certain markets, but the markets that we operate in, we have leading and winning positions in nearly all of them other than where we have seeds planted where we believe we can win. If we're in a market where we believe that we are not going to win or there's not a clear path to winning, then we'll exit that market and reallocate that investment to an area that we can. Our Classifieds portfolio, we have a great playbook, a team that really knows what they're doing. We've shown that we can grow and build this business. At times we use the balance sheet. There was a small Classifieds acquisition this quarter and it's been a great business for us that we'll continue to move into. An example that I mentioned of a competitive battleground is the U.S. Obviously, it's an enormous potential market, but what we see is that the Classifieds space in the U.S. has been thrown up for grabs and it's a very big market opportunity and we think we've got a winning proposition with Close5. It is growing very, very rapidly. And we'll continue to allocate resource for markets where we're not going to win into markets where we have a plausible chance of winning. We won't win in every market but that's the way we look at the portfolio. On the consumer, we see the same data that you do. We know there have been a number of consumer companies that have been cautious about the fourth quarter. Obviously, our guidance implies stability, but I guess we're a bit cautious about it, too, only because we see some of the data points on GDP, on jobs and on what other companies have said, so we're watching it carefully. But overall, we see net stability and that's implied in our guidance for the holiday season.
Devin N. Wenig: I can talk about the changes. We have new leadership at StubHub and it's a great business. It's the leading, obviously, secondary tickets marketplace. And we made a whole series of changes rapidly and saw a very nice rebound in the business. So some of that was around the product – there is a brand-new StubHub mobile experience. Some of that was around the way we display pricing changes. Some of that was around a brand campaign which has now gone bright, and you may see it on during the baseball playoffs or on football games. All of those had an impact and it was a fairly rapid turnaround of StubHub's performance back to growth, which was great to see. So I think they all contributed.
Devin N. Wenig: Yeah, well, let me just add on markets. I'll just call India out, Mark. India, there's so much been written about it and there's no doubt that there is some hype and there's been a lot of investment. But the fact is that the market is growing. I don't think it's going to be winner-take-all, and what we feel like is we're growing responsibly. We feel like we're investing appropriate amounts to grow the eBay brand, the buyer acquisition has been strong, the GMV growth has been strong, and we're going to keep watching it and keep investing in it to grow our organic eBay platform. So I think you've got to separate out the hype from the reality. There's plenty of hype but there's also a good deal of reality in India and it is a growing market, it's exciting and there will be multiple winners and we'll be one of them. Back to StubHub, I think that just given what we've seen, a large part of what's happened with StubHub was our own execution. It just happened so rapidly after the series of changes that we made that it's hard to believe the market was shifting at the same time. I think the market is adapting, but this is a great business with a strong brand, and I think that having now gotten back in the sweet spot of this product, its pricing, and its brand position, it's in a good market and market share position.
Devin N. Wenig: Thank you. On the first question, on mobile, let me just reiterate that we're running the company for the long run and some of the things we're doing are really fundamental, and it tends to be that in marketplace ecosystems like this, fundamental things may not be growth-friendly in the short run, but they are important in the mid to long run. And mobile is one of those. I don't have an exact timeframe, but you're already seeing the beginning of recovery. And we watch carefully, the ratings are sort of public face of it. Frankly, I care more of what millions of people do than what a few people say, but they're both important, and the data reflects what people are doing. And we are beginning to see recovery and it is mirroring what we saw with the iPad launch. That was also a fairly large change. Metrics went down, then they came back up and of course they ended stronger than where we started. So that's the hope with what we're doing here and we'll watch it carefully and we'll adjust as we go. We're constantly looking at that data and listening to customers and we'll respond to it rapidly. Is it a slight drag on growth? Yes, it is, it's globally, as is, frankly, adding the requirement on structured data and a few other things. These are all things that are not necessarily growth-friendly in the short run, but important for us to do in the long run. So there's no doubt there's some impact in there. On the second question, the answer is yes. Again, we watch the data carefully. If you look at things like our slides, where you see us deploying structured data, and it is very small right now, you are seeing improvement in our rankings, you're seeing some traffic flowing, and you're seeing some conversion benefits being picked up. So that gives us comfort that we're on the right track, but I'd caution that this is going to take time, as I've said consistently for months now. So...
Devin N. Wenig: Let me – just a quick add-on on reduction of friction. The tension, obviously, is security. And security is an incredibly important priority for us, particularly given the events of last year. So we constantly are trying to push the efficient frontier of removing friction, but not reducing our customers' security. And I think that there have been advancements. You're starting to see some of the big web companies do some interesting things with phone numbers, mobile phone numbers, even using basically piggybacking on things like biometric off of the iOS device. You should expect to see us do that. We'll continue to push to reduce sign-in and password reset friction, as long as we feel like it doesn't compromise our customers' security.
Devin N. Wenig: Yeah, and, Ross, on the second question, I think the question was, are we comfortable? I'd point back to the question that I answered around C2C, which is, I take the two together in part because it's not separate businesses anymore. And, no, we're not comfortable with a 6% growth rate. We're proud of the work we're doing, we're running the company for the long run, but we're not settling comfortably into a 5% or 6% growth rate. We're not satisfied with that. We want to push this harder, but we want to do it the right way and run the business over the long run, so this will take time. But our aspiration is certainly to grow the business faster. So I hope that answers the question.
