Devin N. Wenig: Scott's going to take the first part. He'll talk about StubHub and Classifieds, and then let me take the second part of your question. This was on margin on StubHub and Classifieds.
Devin N. Wenig: Let me take your question just on international in the context of the macroeconomic environment. I would say that there are two things to note. The first is that the strong dollar, as Scott pointed out, obviously has a translation effect, but it equally has an operating effect. We have a strong cross-border business. The continuing strengthening of the U.S. dollar has really impacted the exports of U.S. goods which was one of our biggest export corridors. So the strong dollar is both a translation impact and it's certainly underlying that in operating impact. And our trade flows are not purely balanced. So it's helped our China business somewhat paradoxically in some of our import corridors making those goods seem cheap, but it doesn't net out to zero. In fact, it's been quite a significant headwind starting last year when the dollar started to strengthen, vis-à-vis just the overall macroeconomic situation. I guess what I would say is right now we don't – we're watching it very carefully. It's hard not to watch it given what we've seen out of both earnings and out of the market. I would say that in the fourth quarter, we were very happy with the holiday. We had a very strong Cyber Five, and we started to see some small signs of softening in December. We're not assuming any significant change in the macroeconomic environment, but it's obviously we and every company is watching it very, very carefully. So I'd say right now FX is a much bigger operating impact than overall market softening. We don't have very much of a domestic China business for instance, but we're certainly watching that carefully as I think every company is right now.
Devin N. Wenig: Yeah. It's important to us. We're very optimistic about things that we've done such as promoted listings. We're in a very, very early stage and, in fact, we just really opened up the thresholds on that based on the performance at the end of the last quarter and it will grow over time. It's not yet a material lever in our results, but I'm certainly optimistic about advertising. We still have an enormous traffic and customer flywheel, 162 million active customers and we do think there are other ways to monetize that. And this is in keeping with what we've said which is we could throw a lot of money at short-term growth. We're not doing that because we are being disciplined about our investments and we're investing in the platform and in new business opportunities that we think will be important for eBay two years, three years from now. And this is one of those areas, for sure. And you'll see a lot of activity in 2016.
Devin N. Wenig: Yeah. On the first part, we're not going to break guidance out by segment. We're going to keep it at the top level. But I guess what I'd say is, I would expect our business is heavily skewed towards transaction revenue. Obviously, it's the core business and it's take rate on transactions. And that's implicit in this guidance. I think we'll see growth in marketing services, but it's a relatively small part of the portfolio compared to transaction revenue. And I would expect to continue to see reasonable growth from the components, but it's not – there's no major mix shift going on in 2016. I think you should assume that it will follow the path in terms of the components that it followed in 2015, roughly. Second part of the question, sorry? Listings restructuring, yeah, sorry, Mark. Look, this is a major effort and we're a data-driven business. So we don't do anything without measuring it and ensuring that we're on the right path. And this is consistent with what we've been saying, which is where we are organizing data, adding content to it, where we are exposing it in a new way. We're seeing better traffic, we're seeing better conversion. It's just very small today in our ecosystem and it will take time. But we all believe we're on the right path. And I think we measure, just to be clear, in data from the top of the funnel to the bottom. We measure incoming users, new and existing. We measure their conversion through the midpoints of the funnel, and we measure ultimately their conversion to a transaction. And all of that we watch literally on a daily basis. So if you think about the scale of what we've done, it's still very foundational. We've made a lot of progress on the foundation, but its manifestation through the pages that you're seeing in the accompanying slides is really small. But where we've done that, we're seeing better results. And that's why we really believe that as this scales and moves out, we're going to drive leverage across the business.
Devin N. Wenig: I'd say the one we're most focused on is improving traffic and converting traffic to active buyers. And I'll give you a really practical example of where that's happening. Historically, we would send people to a search results page, and that search result page depending on the hundreds of millions we have, was of mixed quality and we get some conversion of that. Now, we're sending people where we have the pages to a structured browse page like the ones that are in the accompanying slides, and we know we're getting better conversion of traffic to active buyers in those pages. Equally, we're watching very carefully things like SEO. I mean, we have a limited number of pages still. But we're watching where are those pages ranking? What kind of traffic are those pages generating? And, ultimately, does that traffic convert to active buyers? And we like what we see so far. We believe we're on the right path and it's intuitive, it's not a hard reach to look at the page and say there's great inventory, it's a great customer experience. For a while people have asked me why is eBay complicated, and why is it hard to navigate, and why aren't there things like product reviews? Well, increasingly, now there are. It's not hard to navigate, these pages are really elegant. They're converting better and we're beginning to get really quality content on them because we now understand products and not just listings. So I just gave you two pragmatic examples. There are others, but those two alone are important. They're major levers on our business.
Devin N. Wenig: Thanks for the question. I would say we don't talk about May of 2014 anymore because we're however many months on and the world has moved on. I'd say nothing fundamentally has changed, but our strategy is different, our investments are different, we're making a major transition of the business. So we don't point the finger at any one event. I just come back to this is exactly what's happening with our business is remarkably like what we said over the summer and six months ago, which was, we're going to focus our strategy; we're going to move away from commodity towards what's unique about eBay; we're going to make catch-up investments that probably historically should've been made, but were not, in order to better compete over the long run; and we're going to try to hold our growth to low-to-mid single digits while keeping our margin and cash flow high and returning capital to shareholders. All three of those things are still true. And the reality is that, as we've said, many of these investments are not quick-hit investments. We are re-platforming eBay. 60% of coverage of listings is the first part of the equation, not the end of the equation. That's the raw material and the foundation to allow us to build product experiences and it's those product experiences which change traffic and conversion. So I would say that right now – and we watch it carefully, I don't assume that the world will continue exactly the way it is, we watch everything very carefully. But right now, the plan that we laid out really clearly, I think six months ago, we believe it's working and we believe we're on that plan. And we believe that over time eBay will get more competitive and that'll manifest itself in better growth and better competitiveness.
Devin N. Wenig: And with regard to the UK and Germany, they did not – they performed in line with the portfolio, there was no outlier in performance. In fact, they picked up a little bit this quarter versus last.
Devin N. Wenig: So let me take – that's all three good questions. Let me take them in turn. So first of all, on the product, as I said in my remarks, I'm really excited about this year because I do believe that with some of these foundational investments in place, you're going to see the product evolve relatively quickly for buyers and sellers. So the product's never – it's never static; it's always evolving. But I think this will be year of particular innovation for us. We have a very exciting pipeline. Based on all the things that we've been talking about, based on our ability to now understand products and persistence, we believe we can generate a really differentiated experience that shows our customers what's unique about eBay. It doesn't talk about it, but shows them. So I do think this will be a year of rapid innovation in the product experience. Second is sales and marketing. There's no – a couple of things. First is, we are going to start almost immediately pivoting some of our spend up the funnel to what we would call more traditional brand spend. That doesn't mean television, it just means instead of selling you an iPhone or a sweater, we're going to talk more about eBay and the brand. Whether or not we ultimately spend more in that will depend on what we learn from doing that. We do believe that brand is more important, that we have to more sharply define our brand in an increasingly crowded environment, and you'll see us start to do that. There are no plans to significantly change our spend, but how we spend will begin to change and, in fact, it already is changing. Final comment is on contra. There's no – we're very disciplined about contra revenue. I would say that we spent a bit more on that versus a little less on marketing in the fourth quarter because holidays become very deals-driven. And this holiday, we participated in deals aggressively across electronics, fashion, home and garden, and we got good results. But that does cost some mix shift in spending more on contra. I would expect those numbers to go back to historical averages. There's no break from trend other than we plus-up in the fourth quarter because that's the way shoppers are shopping.
Devin N. Wenig: And I'll take the second part and just to close out on contra. Just note, I've said this before, but I think it's important. We have a playbook on contra and we try not to deviate from it, which is we spend on acquiring customers when it makes sense to spend on acquiring customers. I'm not sure all companies in this environment play that same playbook, but we could have bought another point or two of growth, we just don't do that because we don't think it creates value over the long-term. So, for us, contra is one of the weapons we deploy, but we do it carefully, because it's easy to show growth, but it's not easy to create value and those are two different things. On marketing efficiency, there's a couple of puts and takes. So every year, we try to pick up marketing efficiency. I target my marketing teams with significant basis point improvement in efficiency of the way we spend our significant marketing expenditure. Our most efficient marketing spend on an ROI basis is paid search, but that we don't believe over the long run we can be tied only to paid search. So we are spending into less efficient channels to build new channels in the future and I point to social as a great example. We're on 14 channels. None of them today is as efficient as paid search, but it's diversifying our traffic mix and we're working on making them more efficient over time. We think it's the right thing to do even though it's making us less efficient in the short-term as a mix effect. The other thing I'd say is we watch the competitive landscape really carefully. It's really important that we maintain eBay's share of voice. And in the last couple of years, it hasn't gotten less competitive, it's gotten more. So while we pick up some gains in efficiency, I don't see a lot of leverage coming from marketing. I suspect we'll want to spend more over time as our product experience improves and we want to bring more and more people to a better eBay experience. So those are some of the puts and takes the net being I don't expect in 2016 to see a lot of leverage on the marketing line.
Devin N. Wenig: Do you know the answer to that, Scott? If we go to 60%, that's of listings, I don't know if we know offhand.
Devin N. Wenig: Yeah. I don't think – we could check that number, but I don't think it's that different. I think when we talk about relevant listings, the GMV roughly follows the relevant listings.
Devin N. Wenig: Again, we're not going to guide on the segment – on the components of it, but I'd just say StubHub is a great business. It's a leader in its category. It has opportunities to expand internationally. It is increasingly partnering with leagues and teams to move from secondary opportunistically into primary, and it's a great business. So I would not expect that, I mean, these are obviously very, very strong growth rates this quarter. There were, as we said, some unique things. There was the pickup on the back of the product changes, it was a very strong World Series, it was a very strong concert landscape. StubHub also bounces around quarter-to-quarter based on the events. It's much more choppy than eBay just because it sort of depends what the matchup is in the Super Bowl and what the events landscape is, and it was a very strong events landscape. So I would expect StubHub to keep growing. I'm not sure I'd expect it to keep growing at this rate, but it's a good business and we really we're proud of the fact that we've been able to grow StubHub using some of the eBay traffic flywheel over the last several years and it's a real good business just like Classifieds is.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. So what we've done this quarter is essentially double-click on Classifieds, Marketplace and StubHub in the way we run them which is for both StubHub and Marketplace on a GMV basis and for all three on a revenue basis. That's how we run the company. And the underlying expenses, we run as a portfolio, and we deploy capital in that way between business units to optimize across our portfolio. And so we won't be this time giving a double-click on margin now or going forward.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. And, Richard, maybe for the benefit of everyone on the phone, there's probably be a follow-up question anyway. Roughly speaking, as you know, 60% of our business is international with most of our exposure in euro, pound, Aussie dollar and Korean won. And as we look to 2016 versus today's rates, on an average, that would be about a 6% decrease across that basket of currencies for 2016, which would have about a 3% impact on our top line. So that's how the top line anyway is architected and impacted given our foreign exchange translation exposure. And then, maybe just to go one more step further, as it relates to our hedging strategy, as I've discussed previously, we're unable to hedge revenue in the new eBay (30:11) and, as such, our top line is heavily exposed to currency fluctuations. But as I explained back in Q2 and a bit in Q3, we do utilize now different hedging instruments to economically protect net income, and that program is designed to protect as much net income as we can, and the intent is to have minimal variation versus guidance for EPS due to foreign exchange. But that doesn't eliminate the effective FX on a year-over-year basis, particularly for revenue as I called out. And as rates change, we will feel the effect of FX when comparing year-over-year.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Mark, I would also point to Devin's slides at the beginning of the presentation that we posted. We've gone from the amounts that we showed going towards the 60% collection target here relatively shortly, and we've increased the amount of that information that we've already received and processed that and we've raised that from 28% to 37%, as Devin referenced. And from that, the few pages that come behind those kind of give you a sense for how we're creating product experiences and adding value through the customer reviews that have come online in a very significant way, through some of the buying guides and some of the easier browsing and capabilities to highlight our spectrum of value. And so I think while it's obviously not across our entire portfolio or listing space, increasingly you're seeing those experiences when you search on eBay.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. So let me take the first one on margin rate. So we did say 31% to 35%, and we did go 31% to 33% today for 2016. With the midpoint being around 33% we had from earlier this year or middle of last year I should say the major difference is about a point of foreign exchange movement between then and now. And so really apples-to-apples, we'd be about at the same center point of margin rate, but one point of degradation from foreign exchange. What I'd highlight is that underlying that, there's been significant movement and we continue to try and drive productivity to be able to fund our investments in the things that we've been talking about.
Scott Schenkel: Okay. So I'll – real quick on the cadence. I'd say the one cadence aspect I would call out – maybe a couple. First off, within our G&A cost bucket, we're going to have two more quarters of essentially no year-on-year comps in the baseline for standup costs. And so there's going to be, before we see productivity in G&A, we're going to have relatively difficult comps as we stood up to the company and without any baseline comparisons. I think what you could expect in product development is a continued pace of investment in line with the percentages of revenue that we've shown over the last, let's call it 12 months to 18 months, but certainly the last six months. And sales and marketing, I would call out the pacing and refer back to the earlier response around contra. In some quarters, we may decide based on the returns that we think we can get for the strategies that we're deploying on marketing that some more marketing ends up out of the expense line and into contra. In other quarters, it may be the opposite. But I think within the ranges that we talked about last year, I would expect that to be not larger to Devin's point than what we've seen so far.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. The way I would think about it is we are talking as a percentage of relevant listings, but there's probably 10%-ish that aren't relevant. But that aside, I think you can kind of use this as a guidepost of GMV.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. And, Kunal, maybe to kind of go back to one of the earlier questions, I'd point back to that really is an input metric to then us processing that information and churning out than a different product experience that ends up on search engines in a way that brings the traffic which would drive that active buyer increase and it brings the GMV. And so we're not tied to 60% to – yeah, 60% of our GMV is going to be covered. 60% of the listings, roughly speaking, GMV, is covered with a catalog at the end of this process halfway through the year and then a portion would then have been processed and out, if you will, in the wild and out there being indexed in Google or other search engines for users to find an access.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Kunal, a couple of points. Our guidance includes the fact that we expect to be buying back about at the same rate as the last two quarters each quarter. And we expect to also be buying back the dilution offset, and so it's maybe in the range of what you're talking about. We have $1.8 billion remaining in our existing authorization. There's nothing precluding us from asking for more. Look, we have a limitation in the first two years to protect the tax-free nature of the spin of about 20%, a little bit less than 20% in that range, and that would be our guardrail for the first two years.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. So on active buyers, India plays a big role in our overall active buyer base. But on a Q-over-Q basis and in the growth perspective, it didn't have a material impact this quarter. Last quarter, we called out, it helped a bit. This quarter, it didn't necessarily accelerate further. The way I'd think about active buyer growth is it's been massively impacted by two things over the last two years. One was password reset and I think that's largely behind us. And I think the other is SEO, SEO as explained in many different forums has an over-indexing impact on acquiring new users, and thus has depressed the top of our funnel and reduced our overall active buyer growth over the last couple of years. And that's why the structured data and SEO initiative is so important because it'll work our way back up on that measure. On sold items; sold items, the change this quarter was just driven primarily by the higher mix of electronics sold during the holiday. This tends to go up and down depending on everything from country and seller mix to hot items. So it's relatively difficult to predict and correlate. And just to explain it for Q4, it was higher degree of electronic items.
