Jamie Iannone: Yes. Thanks, Eric. Let me take the first one on verticals and then Andy can take the second. So, we invested in those verticals really based on the strategy that we laid out in July of focusing on non-new and season and opportunities where we had strength to win. And if you look at those categories being watches, sneakers, which we rolled out surely after watches and then Certified Refurbished, we saw really great growth rates. I mentioned the triple-digit growth rate that we saw in sneakers. You got to remember, this was a business that had been in decline. And so to see it as strong as this shows us the power of really focusing on those verticals and the end-to-end experience for our customers. And so while those categories represent a single-digit percentage of our GMV, the plan is to continue to roll out new category experiences from an end-to-end perspective over the course of the coming years, eventually meeting the majority of our GMV. I will add that we included another area for us in the UK, where we piloted a fashion brand outlet with 150 fashion brand sellers performed really well, double-digit growth ahead of the market and ahead of what we expected. And so that kind of gives us the confidence that the strategy is working and the confidence to continue to rollout more categories over the coming quarters and years.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So starting on the buyer ones, we acquired 11 million buyers over the course of the year. And what we’re seeing is that the behavior, when we look at things like frequency and retention, is not different and is as strong as we’ve seen in past cohorts, which means they didn’t just come to us for eBay to buy a specific PPE and then we won’t see them again. We’re doing a good job of turning a percentage of them into enthusiasts. And what we’re really focused on is how do we turn them into cross-category shoppers. So as I mentioned in the remarks, a sneaker buyer who comes into eBay is going to be worth $2,500, or they end up buying $2,500 worth of GMV. But only 20% of that is in sneakers, and 80% of that will be in other categories across the site. And that’s a huge advantage for us because of the cross-category nature that we have of the platform. And it’s also a specific focus and something that we lean into a lot is driving it. And a lot of that growth is coming from C2C, and is bringing Gen Z and millennials to the platform, which is also critical and part of our strategy. In terms of the authentication, we’ve ramped up the amount of authenticating we’re doing to now every sneaker over $100 going through the authentication platforms. And we’re seeing great response and great operations there. So consumers are getting their sneakers really quickly, and the authentication process is working. And look, while it’s a very, very small percentage of things that we find where there are issues that guarantee for customers is a huge differentiator and is a big part of what’s leading to the triple-digit growth. So we’re leaning in a lot in terms of marketing and acquiring those customers in that category, and we’re excited for what we’re seeing.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. And I’d say on the SEO, look, there’s a number of things that we’ve been doing in terms of how we structure our listings and work with our content and designers that actually specifically drives it. There was some Google algorithmic change which we benefited from. And we’ve been doing some upper funnel, specifically in targeted verticals, which we think helps some of our lower-funnel activity. I think the important thing to remember is, in general, 80% of our traffic on the site is organic and people coming to us directly, and that’s really one of the strengths and assets of eBay. But certainly, the SEO is helping us with our initiatives to drive cross-category purchase and drive consideration.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, on the cross-marketing, I think it’s been important for eBay. Since I was here the first time, it continues to be a really important thing when you look at driving the CLTV of our buyers. If I go back to the sneaker example, I talked about the 80% outside the category, and that represents them purchasing in 10 categories out of that core category. I would even broaden that question to say, we’re really studying a lot that first kind of 90-day experience for a customer and looking at all the things that drive the retention of them. And so getting them to download the mobile app, getting them to shop across category, getting them to watch or save items and really driving more of our marketing technology to align to driving the retention of the buyers. And that’s why we are excited to see that. A big reason why we also focused on C2C selling is because if we acquire that buyer to come in as a buyer and then we get them to just do any kind of casual selling, they become 2x to 2.5x more valuable to us as a buyer. So really that whole kind of introductory life cycle and being really algorithmic, and using our best data science and AI, really working on our marketing technology to be able to leverage that more is a key focus for us. And look, on the competitive landscape, we feel great about our positioning. We significantly improved the NPS of our experiences, especially in those focused verticals that we talked about. And we’re seeing really good feedback from buyers and sellers. And that’s always the leading indicator is that CSAT and NPS performance and what’s happening there. And so that, combined with the payment CSAT stuff we’re seeing where sellers that are moving to our payments 2.0, our managed payments platform, have a 10 point higher NPS, is making us feel really good about where our competitive positioning is. And last thing I’d say is just thinking about the scale, right? So we talked about $14 billion GMV that we grew year-on-year last year. That’s more than the last 7 years combined. That’s more than most vertical competitors would do in a year, we grew more than that amount. So being able to leverage those 185 million buyers, and have their purchasing cross-category is a huge and unique asset for eBay.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So first, on the advertising business, feel great about hitting the $1 billion milestone. As we look at it, a lot of that growth is being driven by the growth of promoted listings. And as we analyze it, we’re seeing better seller penetration of people coming on the platform, better technology and tools in terms of our ability to do relevance, and we’re not seeing it degrade the buyer experience, which is what gives us comfort that when we look at it in total being 1% of our total GMV that we have the opportunity to continue to have advertising growth faster than our GMV on the platform, and really based on that strength of promoted listings. On your question on managed payments, absolutely, it’s a huge part of the win is really streamlining the payment process and providing more payment options. Cross-border trade for us has always been a great business, a really unique business to eBay and specifically in the Greater China corridor and helps us bring on new buyers to the platform and a different type of inventory. So between what we’re doing in terms of speed pack and some of the forward deployed inventory, plus now as we expand payments to Greater China, we think that will help a number of the quarters in terms of our cross-border trade business.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So, first on the Gen Z and millennials, absolutely, it’s a huge area of why we are focused on pre-owned not only because of the attractiveness there, but also just the impact on the planet. If you look at the numbers that we talked about from saving 720,000 metric tons of carbon emission, we recently did a survey, it probably sounds like much of the survey that you’ve done. And what we saw is that 72% of our sellers that come and start selling on the platform are doing so because they need to earn a little bit of extra money and some percentage of those are actually because they lost their job, and so they’re looking for opportunities on just making money on the platform. The other thing that’s important to remember is that we believe that people have about $4,000 of items in their house that they can sell, less than 20% of that is online. And so there’s a huge kind of social element which we’re leaning into as part of that, but definitely a focus on the Gen Z millennials. And you’re seeing that in sneakers, you’re seeing that in what we did with our brand fashion outlet in the U.K., and you’ll see us continue to focus on attracting that customer to the platform.
Jamie Iannone: And before you do, I forgot that I didn’t answer your advertising question. So let me just cover that one real quickly. So look, we believe that ads is beneficial for us because we essentially have a closed platform. We’re able to drive the majority of that growth through promoted listings, where we actually can see the actual relevance, the implications, the click-throughs, all of the data that makes that impactful. So yes, that gives us, I think, a lot of bullishness in terms of the future opportunity for us in advertising, especially since we’re only penetrated at 1% of GMV. And we think there is opportunities to continue to expand the number of sellers that use the platform as well as build new capabilities to make that platform even more attractive with some new tools, etcetera, which you’ll see over the coming quarters and coming years.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Sure, Bob. So look, the increase in buyer is, in part, doing a lot of the strategic work that we’re doing and the focus verticals, you saw us do more marketing in the quarter, really talking about some of the new capabilities that we have out there. And we leaned in from a reinvestment standpoint to not only acquire those buyers, but to really to work on driving the retention of those buyers into our key platforms. So obviously, in a number of countries, it’s also pandemic-related relative to mobility, but we’ve also been leaning in to kind of take advantage of that and drive their cohort curves. And we’ve been impressed that we’ve been seeing from that perspective. In terms of the makeup of different format, Buy It Now remains the vast majority of what’s on the platform. We do see strength in auctions in areas like collectibles, which is a category that’s growing strong for us. But not only does Buy It Now remains strong, but we’ve innovated over the years in things like best offer and in seller-initiated offers. And seller-initiated offers, as an example, is almost the inverse the best offer. Best offer is the buyer making an offer. Sellers can actually make specific individual offers to sellers who have interacted with one of their products, and we’re doing $1.2 billion already in that. It’s one of the unique elements of the eBay platform as auctions, best offers, seller-initiated offers are all ways for buyers and sellers to get to a negotiated price on the platform. But overall, Buy It Now still remains the vast majority of the business.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, the buying behavior that we saw over the course of the year, it started in PPE equipment, then went to kind of stuff that people needed to work-from-home or stay-at-home, things like fitness equipment and laptops and that type of thing. But after that, it was really broad-based and continues to be broad-based in terms of where we’re acquiring buyers. So, from everything from people spending time with their hobbies and parts and accessories or fixing up their cars to Certified Refurbished on what we are doing there, we are definitely seeing strength in buyer acquisition and the focused verticals that we have been talking about. So like apparel that we worked on in the quarter with the brand fashion outlet and in the areas that we announced in the U.S. and we will be expanding globally. So more important for us is not where we acquire them, but getting really smart and using a lot of AI about what’s the best second category, how we’re using all of our tools and capabilities across marketing and the apps and the websites to get them to interact in different parts of the business. And that’s where I think about it just getting a little bit better every single day in how we’re able to do that is going to be what continues to help drive those numbers. From an ads perspective, we’re focused on the tools and capabilities to make it easier for sellers to use the product to give them templating and reporting of how it’s doing and be able to have that closed-loop ROI on the spend that they have on the platform to make it more applicable to C2C sellers and make it really easy there, because obviously if you think about a sophisticated B2C seller, it’s easier to interact with and much easier understands in advertising product. So, that’s a big component of what we’re doing. And then also just building new algorithms and relevance and machine learning into are we displaying the best thing to the buyers. So we continue to expand the program while not degrading the buying experience and, ideally, enhancing the buyer experience through what we’re doing on our advertising products. So what you’ll see is just continued quarter-after-quarter innovation in that product to help us keep the – grow the – and reach the potential of the product and have it continue to outpace GMV for the near and medium term.
Andy Cring: Yes, Eric. And then on the second part of your question on comps and investments, clearly, there is a lot of noise now with what’s going on with the pandemic, but that hasn’t stopped or really changed the approach we have taken towards building towards longer term growth. It’s given us a little bit of a tailwind to lean in a bit on investment. But the beauty of this model is as I said in my prepared remarks, we are committed to the 30% margin and we believe that we have got a very strong plan to get there. And we feel like we have done or made great progress on the initiatives this year, exiting the year stronger, certainly stronger than we entered and stronger than we had anticipated when we entered the year as we look at the controllable aspects of growth if you peel apart what we can see from COVID-related items.
Andy Cring: Got it. Hey, Ross, I’ll take the first one. On Q4 dynamics and then the international versus U.S. split, it looks like there’s a bit of a difference between U.S. and international growth rates, with the U.S. down 8 and international accelerating on a quarter-over-quarter basis. That’s really less an impact of what we saw in the fourth quarter and more an impact of kind of the unwind of the second quarter spike and how third quarter rates played through. So keep in mind, in the U.S. in the third quarter, the growth rate – the deceleration from Q2 was a little less. So when we look at third quarter – or fourth quarter and how it plays through into the first, it’s really for us more what we saw – what we’ve seen since September with some acceleration really in all – basically all countries around the world. And that’s played through to the first quarter, and it’s implied in the acceleration you see in our Q1 guidance. So clearly, mobility plays a large role in sustaining a level of growth and driving a bit of acceleration. But again, the initiatives we’re working on and the progress we’ve made with regards to product and marketing and managed payments and search contribute as well to the acceleration on a quarter-over-quarter basis. But clearly, the majority of that’s going to be mobility driven, but underlying performance is better.
Andy Cring: Yes. I mean, I think the only thing I’d add is, while we do – it’s a pretty active playing field with what’s coming with eCG and the like. I think if you look at historically what we’ve done with StubHub and some of the things in the past, you can expect it will be consistent in what we’ve done. Our tenants and targets are unchanged. And our number focus is do what we can to invest back in the business to grow organically, look at M&A, where it helps us to do that. We remain committed to shareholder return. And I just expect us to continue to do that.
Andy Cring: That one again – yes, sorry, Youssef. That one, I think, again, if you – is less an issue – or less a component of Q4 activity as much as it is a hangover in Q3 of the spike in Q2. So the U.S. – I mean we had clearly a very large volume spike in the second quarter. Volume in the U.S. hung in longer in the third quarter, partially as a result of stimulus, partially as a result of some of the supply chain disruption. And then as that slowed down through the end of the third quarter, some of that’s what you’re seeing play through in the quarter-over-quarter dynamics. But as I said, from September on, the activity by country has been relatively similar.
