John J. Donahoe: Sure, Gil. Let me take that. This has really developed over the last year. We've had a number of offline retailers approach us at PayPal and say they really wanted to bring PayPal to the point of sale because they recognize PayPal was a unique, trusted payments partner for them that could bring great value at it. So our approach to this has been very similar to the approach we took to the Merchant Services business in PayPal 4 or 5 years ago, where we picked a small number of globally-known top tier retailers, and we're working to build a solution that is scalable and that works. And so we have been working with one retailer in particular, where as I said, we'll do what is, in essence, a friends and family pilot here in the fourth quarter. And then, we are working with a number of other retailers in the first -- I mean, the fourth quarter of this year so that in the first half of next year, we'll have a scalable technology that will be able to rollout to these national retailers. And the focus is very much on helping them drive incremental sales, which is the same thing that PayPal has done in the Merchant Services businesses. It's payments as a vehicle to help them get better information about their customers and support them throughout their payment flow. So the -- and it's not dependent. Just as we built Merchant Services so it wasn't dependent on any individual retailer-specific cart because an the airline cart is different than a apparel cart, which is different than a technology retailer's cart. We're building this point of sale so it's not dependent on any form factor. So it doesn't need mobile payments or if it is mobile payments, it doesn't need an STE [ph] or it can work on any device or any operating system. It can work with a card. It can work with hands-free. So this technology is built from the beginning so that it will be relatively easy to integrate for retailers. I don't believe we'll need an army of salespeople. We've got Don Kingsborough who built the Blackhawk Network, who's sort of almost a one-man army of sales and [ph] credible, established partner of retailers. And with respect to how we will monetize, we're going to establish that over the next 3 to 6 months. What we're not going to do is get into a press release force, which is there's a lot of press releases going on around mobile payments and offline payments right now. And we're going to try to get the steak ready before the sizzle. So the retailer will reveal who they are in the fourth quarter when they launch it, and we will, through the rest of the quarter, spend our time with retailers. And in the first half of next year, we'll talk more about it. The last thing I'll say, so I think this is an enormous opportunity for PayPal. It's a huge market and it's the next chapter of PayPal's playbook. But I also want to be clear that we're not taking our eye off the ball, that the numbers we gave you at our analyst day earlier this year, the 3-year growth rate, had no POS in them. And we -- you remember Scott stood up and talked about doubling PayPal's business with our core business as it is, with mobile and with credit. And we're still continuing to have 98% of our focus on delivering on that. And then the point-of-sale opportunity, which we think is enormous, we'll layer on top of that. So we're excited about it, but we're also focusing on building something that's going to be scalable and sustainable over time.
John J. Donahoe: And Doug, it's John. I may just build on that. In a funny way I consider this loss performance in Q3 a good thing because I think it continues to extend PayPal's competitive advantage. There's a lot of talk about mobile payments right now, but mobile payments is a fundamentally risky thing. And PayPal has the best risk models in the world. It's now -- we're now learning based on $3.5 billion of real volume. Our risk models are rapidly learning how to underwrite mobile payments. And we're confident that we're going to be able to provide a great mobile payments solution at very competitive, industry-leading loss performance and that others are going to face those challenges behind us with a lot less experience. And so this is one -- this is the kind of learning that we love to have because we think it extends our competitive position and competitively.
John J. Donahoe: And then with respect to what gives us confidence in raising guidance in Q3 coming out -- or Q4 coming out of Q3. As Bob said, we saw relative stability coming out of Q3 and into Q4. And I don't think we have a crystal ball about what's going to happen with the economy or what's going to happen with exchange rates. But based on what we see, our planning assumption is a thought set of an okay to solid holiday season. And so that's what we're planning for and that's what we're going to pursue. Lastly, you mentioned eBay advertising. I can't resist. I don't know about you but I love those ads. And the qualitative feedback today has been quite positive. They're clearly cutting through. And they're cutting through the message that we really need to cut through with eBay, which is new merchandise, a new eBay experience. And it's too early to tell although how the material impact on the business. But frankly, they're brand investments that are part of what you all have been asking me about for 2 years now, which is when are we going to begin telling our story to consumers again about the new eBay. And this is really the launch of that. So it's geared to help rebuild our brand and rebuild user growth over the next 3 to 6 to 9 months.
John J. Donahoe: Well, on the marketing campaign, any time you do a TV brand campaign or an integrated brand campaign, the ultimate goal obviously is to grow your business overtime. But the way we're measuring it is: one, what is brand perception, what's the awareness and unaided brand perception of eBay among consumers; second, obviously, we hope that generates incremental users and traffic, which will in turn generate incremental business. And so the time frame, however, we're looking at it is not just within the quarter. Do I hope it has benefit in the quarter? Yes, I hope it's benefit in the quarter. But the time frame and the way that program was designed was to change the perception and reputation of eBay and make people understand that the new eBay user experience, the new eBay inventory is here. And as I've said earlier, the early feedback has been quite positive on that. On the fulfillment test results...
John J. Donahoe: One of the interesting things is we mentioned earlier that top-rated sellers represent almost 45% of the GMV on the U.S. site now, U.S. eBay site. And most of our top-rated sellers are reasonably sized businesspeople, and they're not looking for fulfillment support. They actually feel like they've got their fulfillment capabilities and shipping abilities up to retail standard. So it's not a loud crying need we feel with the fastest-growing segment of the eBay seller base.
John J. Donahoe: And Spencer, on the PayPal Mobile, what's interesting is when we survey consumers on why they use PayPal Mobile, it's like almost a brand advertising that we hear back. They say it's safe and convenient. And safe, they don't feel comfortable entering their credit card information to a mobile phone. And they're concerned that somehow it will get stolen or intercepted at the airwaves. People have all sorts of fears. And then convenience, you don't need your physical wallet with you. You just -- wherever you are, whether you're sitting on a couch, whether you're standing in line at a coffee shop or whether you're in a retail store, one click and you can check it on your mobile device with PayPal. And we're seeing it in -- on eBay. We're seeing it increasingly with Mobile Express Checkout. Retailers are finding when they put Mobile Express Checkout, they're getting a much higher conversion of their mobile sales. So and funding mix, your question. We don't see really any particular shift or change in funding mix one way or another. That's not a factor in the consumer's choice to use PayPal Mobile.
John J. Donahoe: Scott, on the large merchant initiative, I would characterize us in the learning phase, where we're bringing large merchants on to eBay and we're able to bring large merchants on to eBay. And we're still learning how to really drive powerful incremental volume for them. And so we had -- an example, in the third quarter, we had a nice promotion with Coach, a luxury brand. And we were able to drive through a combination of, in essence, a flash sale and some other things, some nice incremental volume. We've added Neiman Marcus Last Call, as I mentioned earlier, in our fashion outlet. And we're making working with the Neiman team to really optimize how we take advantage of the 100 million active eBay consumers to drive incremental volume. So I feel good about steady progress on that. I feel good about our ability to sign additional merchants. But I don't -- we're not yet really ready to quantify it other than to say we feel a strong need. We're making a good steady progress, and we want to hit some singles and doubles before we start swinging for the fences.
John J. Donahoe: Ben, I'm glad you asked this question because I think our perspective on this from the beginning has actually been one of the factors for our success. And the simple truth is we haven't worried about whether it's incremental. Because from the beginning, we recognized that consumers simply view a mobile device as another screen. And they want to use that screen interchangeably with their desktop, their laptop, mobile device, tablet, increasingly TV. And actually as we talked recently also going into a retail store, and we find a large number of consumers use more than one screen in a given shopping experience. They may do research on one screen. They may be identifying the exact product they want on a different screen. They may actually buy it in a store on a screen. They may pay for it on a different screen. And so we do believe our mobile sales are partially incremental, but we've not spent a lot of time on trying to measure that. We spent more time on absolutely trying to drive very aggressive innovation on mobile on all fronts. Even if it's cannibalistic, it's value-enhancing to the consumer. We do know that the consumers that use mobile devices are more than twice as engaged as those that don't. And then with respect to tablets, I think it's really important, on the Amazon part, to separate digital goods from physical goods. We don't really sell digital goods, the primary digital goods market. And Apple and Amazon and others sell those. And that's where the tablet is a closed system. The sale of physical goods, whether it's the Apple iPad or I believe the Amazon tablet over time, consumers want choice. Consumers want seamlessness across their devices, if you will, their screens. And so we hope, believe and anticipate that, that choice will be available and the consumers will demand that over time. So we won't control that, but we're going to continue to drive what is, in essence, a seamless multiscreen shopping experience and increasingly, online and offline seamless multichannel shopping experience.
John J. Donahoe: And Jeff, the other thing I'd add is that as we look into 2012, our focus will continue to be looking at our global business as a portfolio. And we'll have -- we feel very good about the trend in our global business. The global commerce businesses, it's growing. And individual markets may go up or down along the way. The U.K. grew faster than the market last year and sustained that this year. We're delighted that the progress in U.S. this year, and we hope and believe it will extend into next year. But what we're confident, where we're most confident is that the global portfolio we will continue to improve our growth relative to the market.
Robert H. Swan: Yes, in terms of -- as you are familiar with how we manage the business, simply put, driving growth that we believe can generate greater than 60% trends, max [ph] your margins over time. And that's dependent on 3 variables: what we charge, our take rate; what were charged, our transaction expense; and then how we manage risks and that's our losses. In Q2 and in Q3, we've made some decisions, as we always do, as we fine tune our fraud models. And we drive losses down over time. We increase our protections. And by increasing protections, we improve the experience and drive more growth. And in the short term, the effect is it increases our fraud losses. We began that back in the second quarter. Our fraud losses went up in Q2 and Q3. And net-net, it drives more growth for us and we feel good about those kind of trade-offs. In terms of new products and I'll particularly highlight anytime we introduce a new feature or functionality that our fraud models are not familiar with, we learn. We rapidly innovate around the fraud management, and we drive those losses down over time. Example would be mobile. The mobile is a new app for us. It's growing like crazy. The newness of it requires our engines to become familiar with where those consumers are coming from and how we drive losses down over time. So we've seen from new products and decisions we've made to drive better experiences, losses come up in the last couple of quarters. And as I indicated in the prepared remarks, our expectations of those losses will trend down in Q4 going forward, as we get smarter about this new volume we're contending with.
Robert H. Swan: And Doug just to the second component of your question. Yes, we laid out our operating margin expansion for PayPal by 2013 to 24% to 26%. And we are confident that Q3 to Q4 this year, as always, we'll see PayPal segment margins expand. And we will be on our way to generate 24% to 26% segment margins for PayPal in 2013.
Robert H. Swan: On the losses, not the Bill Me Later impact. Net charge-offs came down year-on-year. So while net charge-offs are higher than the transaction losses in the core PayPal business, they did come down year-on-year, and it's just not big enough to move the needle in any meaningful way. So it's not having a big impact. In terms of funding mix shifts, as Bill Me Later grows, it is a lower cost funding source in the wallet. And in turn that drives down our processing cost and therefore, drives up our transaction margins. You've seen a little bit of improvement in that over the past couple of quarters. And in Q4, remember Durbin goes into effect on October 1, so the core PayPal business we expect that to come down in Q4.
Robert H. Swan: I think on fulfillment, I mean, obviously with the acquisition of GSI, we play a critical role in enabling our merchants and retailers to get their product to their consumers, either from a warehouse or directly from the store. It's a core competency of the GSI team, and I think this is a competitive advantage that they have. I think, along the way, one of the questions we got, and this maybe what Matt, what triggers your question is, are you going to begin to do fulfillment for smaller sellers within GSI's infrastructure? And our answer on that is that's not our top priority. Our focus is fulfilling GSI's clients' needs with our warehouses and enabling sellers on the eBay platform to connect with their buyers in more efficient ways, but not necessarily in doing fulfillment tests.
Robert H. Swan: I'll grab the first one and John the second. First on just the overall use of cash, in our philosophy, no dramatic change. To remind you, our bias is a conservative balance sheet so we have the inherent flexibility to grow our loan portfolio to expand through M&A and return cash to shareholders through a share repurchase program that offsets dilution. So at the macro level, no change. In terms of strategic M&A to enable X.commerce, I mean, obviously the Magento acquisition that we just completed this quarter is a key component of our X.com platform. Going forward, will there be smaller acquisitions to add in X.commerce? Very possibly. But I would say our focus right now is how do we enable and turbocharge developers to come up with new ways to innovate and let them use the X.commerce fabric itself rather than us necessarily having to own all those capabilities.
Robert H. Swan: Scott, on the second question, first, we feel, both at PayPal and eBay, we are uniquely advantaged to capitalize on cross-border trade. It's almost 20% of the business between the 2 business units, so it's a big part of what we do. As currencies move, the buying power in a particular market changes and our cross-border business is usually affected rather quickly. What we saw happen in the third quarter was as the euro weakened throughout the quarter, the cross-border demand from European consumers for product out of greater Asia or out of the U.S. dropped almost -- dropped in line with the value of the European currency. So it was a -- it negatively impacted our growth rates in the third quarter. Obviously, the euro has rebounded quite a bit in the last 10 to 15 days. And our guidance for fourth quarter, we're assuming that the euro -- for translation purposes, as you know, we hedge. So that's not what we're worried about. We're more worried within the quarter about cross-border flows. With the euro strengthening, that headwind that we experienced at the end of the third quarter, we're not anticipating in the fourth quarter.
Robert H. Swan: Yes. First, clearly our expectations are to continue to grow in line with or faster than market rates growth with a variety of different formats that we used to connect buyers and sellers. On U.S. GMV, we've had tremendous momentum here over the last 6 months. Going into fourth quarter, I think, the market rates of growth, I guess, my expectation would be given tougher comps at market rates growth, will likely slow here in the fourth quarter, my crystal ball. I don't know, but the expectation is that market rates will slow. In our guidance, we've put in where we see our internal trends in light of the market over the course of the last 6 months, 6 weeks and 6 days and gave you our best view about what is that we think we can do, which is $100 million better revenue over the second half of the year than where we were just 3 months ago.
Robert H. Swan: Yes, Mark, I think a couple of things. One, last year in the second and third quarter of 2010 is when PayPal growth, Merchant Services in particular, really began to accelerate. So first point I would make is that the comps are a little bit tougher. Secondly, 33% growth is roughly in line with what our expectations were, so we feel pretty good about Merchant Services growth here domestically and it's continued strength outside the U.S. The third point, which is an important point that I referenced to earlier, Merchant Services out of Asia, that cross-border trade business is impacted quite a bit by the strength in European currencies. And we saw a fairly significant drop from Q2 through to September of the growth rate of Merchant Services volume going to Europe, and that's the way it works. When euro gets weaker, demand for PayPal merchants coming out of Greater China immediately changes. In this case, it immediately went south. And as European gets stronger relative to -- for the most part U.S. dollar-denominated currencies, all else equal, PayPal Merchant Services on Asia grows. September was a tough month. As the euro weakened, demand out of Asia slowed dramatically, and it did impact Merchant Services' growth. Going into the fourth quarter, 33% top line growth, nice global business; 66% of our overall TPV coming out of Merchant Services with a nice global footprint and getting bigger. We feel pretty good about the prospects.
