Bob Swan: Scott, first on the structural segment margins, going forward we'll provide you lots more detail about 2015 and beyond once we get through the fourth quarter holiday season. As I think about 2014, specifically you see a few dynamics going on during the course of the year, some which are the same and some which are a little bit different. The same, particularly for Marketplaces, is the first quarter and the fourth quarters are the highest segment margins within the year, and the second and third quarter historically have always been the lowest. So that dynamic is what is continuing during the course of 2014. What exacerbates that is the higher spend we made in Q2 and Q3 to drive traffic particularly in light of the cyber security breach and the FCO changes. So you see Q2 and Q3 a little bit lower than historical perspective. And while we expect Q4 to be better than the Q2, Q3 run rates, we’re going to continue to invest in bringing traffic and expanding the amount of spend on brands and that will continue in 2015. On PayPal, one thing that’s been the same and one thing that’s a little bit different. The thing that’s been the same is transaction margins. For a number of years now we have maintained a very healthy transaction margin business despite the fact that we’ve been growing quite a bit off eBay expanding our presence with large merchants, and as I indicated earlier, rapidly growing with Braintree. With that growth, we’ve still maintained north of 60% transaction margins. More recently what’s different is we’ve begun to invest more in the PayPal brand from a position of strength to drive more brand awareness and drive consumers' perceptions of PayPal to capitalize on what we believe is a wonderful brand that has lots of use cases for merchants and consumers. That’s a little bit different than historical. On incremental cost associated with the separation, I would say that’s a TBD. Obviously we'll incur some onetime costs as we prepare for the separation between now and the next year, consistent with separations that you’ve seen along the way and we’ll provide as much detail and transparency as we can as we go further along in the separation process. Thanks, Scott.
Bob Swan: In our fourth quarter guidance, we are anticipating fairly significant sales and marketing spend in our Marketplaces business. We spent dramatic acceleration in Q3 and we’ll continue to accelerate that level of spend in Q4. What you see in our guidance is earnings growth is much higher in Q4 and Q3. I think there is a few things that really drive that acceleration. First, Q4 is a seasonally much larger business and while we’re going to spend a lot of more on marketing, we do have quite a bit of fixed cost where we’ll get operating leverage from Q3 to Q4 that will drive more earnings expansion just because of that volume. Secondly, as I mentioned, we expect to have a lower tax rate in the fourth quarter. In prior years, the US R&D tax credit was, well at least in 2013 and 2012, was improved earlier in the year. This year we’re expecting that change to happen in the fourth quarter. So earnings will be higher Q4 versus Q3 and one of the drivers will be a lower effective tax rate in Q4. All that being said, we are stepping up our level of sales and marketing spend in the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter holiday season to drive traffic to eBay and to drive PayPal brand awareness domestically and across the globe.
Bob Swan: I will do the first, John, and you can do the second. On the commercial agreement, yeah, obviously we want to get those in place before the Form 10 filing in the first half and that will be a work in process and you’ll know when that gets filed. But as I indicated earlier, speed and clarity to avoid distraction is our modus operandi. In terms of the agreements themselves, I mean we’ve had the talks over the years about the natural benefits that have existed between the two businesses. Marketplaces has been a source of new users for PayPal in the past, so we want that to continue. Marketplaces has been a place where PayPal has been able to launch its innovations to drive higher penetration of PayPal on eBay, to drive consumer credit growth on eBay, to drive SMB credit on eBay more recently and to drive mobile payments on eBay. So, we have new users, we have PayPal innovations and then lastly we have data. And the sources of data that eBay benefits from PayPal and vice versa have made the company stronger because of those relationships with each other. The intent of the operating agreements is simply to capture those benefits going forward, to minimize any [dis-synergies] (sic) associated with the separation, while also giving the individual businesses the inherent flexibility to compete and win in their respective markets. That’s the tradeoffs that we’ll be making with the operating agreements to create value for shareholders in the short to medium and the long term by benefiting from the dependencies but also positioning the businesses for success. And again Ross, that’s one that’s going to be -- it’s been actively worked and we’ll update you as we file in the first half of next year.
Bob Swan: The only thing I would add, Mark, just that Devin has been here for a few years, so he knows the business we'll. And I think what you’ve seen, obviously the industry is changing fairly rapidly. I am sure continuing to invest in mobile to capitalize on the industry dynamics will be important and help free enough capacity to invest in marketing and brand to drive traffic. That's something you see more recently and I would expect that to continue. You’re familiar with Devin and he’s been here for a few years. Yeah, I think I don’t want to presuppose for Dan, but the way we’ve thought about the business overtime is we have a merchant and a consumer value proposition in a role that we play in the ecosystem where we can charge a fee for the services we provide and generate very strong transaction margins. And again, I use the 60% plus range over the years. All along the way, the easiest thing for us to do would have been to simply dramatically expand the segment margins of PayPal because it has got strong transaction margins and it gets good operating leverage. Along the way, we’ve used that growth and that value proposition and have now adjusted the payments ecosystem to reinvest back into driving the growth over the long term for the business. And I am sure that Dan is going to think about it the same way is how do I use this wonderful franchise to continue to invest and grow the business for the long haul and not be too preoccupied with what the segment margins are quarter-by-quarter. And as John said, you’ll hear from them as we go into 2015.
Bob Swan: Yeah. Roughly speaking it’s going to be 110 million to 120 million with no change in currency. So I think the reason it was lower in Q3 versus Q4 is just the dollar strengthening since we last spoke in the middle of July until today. So we’re a very global business with over 40% of our revenues from outside the U.S. The UK or the pounds, euro, and the Aussie dollar are virtually 35% of our volume and exposures in those three currencies since the middle of July have depreciated roughly 7% across the board relative to the dollar. So as they depreciated during the course of the quarter, they'll have a bigger impact in Q4 than it did in Q3. So we said roughly 150 million since the last time we spoke with you, 30 million was in the third quarter and roughly 120 million in the fourth quarter.
Bob Swan: I think the question is about Braintree and its impact on profitability. It’s primarily a take rate dynamic. We've had rapid growth of Braintree. It contributed three points to the acceleration of Merchant Services growth. And as you probably remember, we monetize Braintree at a much lower level than PayPal. So rapid growth, much lower take rate has a impact on transaction margins in the quarter and going forward. Thank you.
Bob Swan: First on cross-border trade. As we indicated, cross-border accelerated in the quarter for the business overall where $13.9 billion of our volume was from cross-border trade. We have significant quarters from U.S. to Europe, from greater China to rest of the world’s fast developed markets and it’s been a source of growth for us in a way to give our merchants around the globe access to new markets that they otherwise did not access. So big part of the business, historically growth rates accelerating and we'd expect that to continue. In terms of currency movements, both our merchants and consumers are relatively quick at capitalizing on great deals. So the consumers that come to eBay looking for great deals, merchants are looking for how do I expand my services across the globe and anybody’s weak currency is another -- is an opportunity for them to expand into markets with strong currencies. And we see that dynamic, merchants and consumers taking advantage of that over time and Q3 was no different. Your second question on tax implications. I would just simply say that, and maybe to state the obvious, we have a wonderful business with very low tax basis. And in the event that somebody were going to come along try to buy one of those businesses, there would be a significant tax liability associated with the acquisition of any one business between now and the time of separation. So that’s the real tax consequences. What we’re focused on is trying to position both of these businesses for long term success. And what we indicated that we believe we’re able to do is effect the separation on a tax-free basis in the second half of 2015. So that’s what we’re focused on and that’s what we expect to do over the course of the next nine months or so.
Bob Swan: And your second question, Mark, on buybacks. We came into the year and the Board authorized an additional $5 billion share buyback. We aggressively executed against that in the first half of the year. So we’ve completed 3.5 billion out of the 5 billion and we have a little over $2 billion left on our outstanding authorization. We were not in the market in the third quarter maybe for obvious reasons. As we think about fourth quarter and going forward, we have $15 billion in cash. Our philosophy has been to maintain a conservative financial policy so we have the capacity to invest organically to make acquisitions that we think make sense and to opportunistically reduce our outstanding share count when we believe that the value the firm is not reflected in how the stock trades. We’ll continue to view it that way in the fourth quarter and going forward. We have a wonderful balance sheet. We have over $2 billion left on our authorization and we’ll be opportunistic to reduce our share count as we see fit. So not a dramatic change. Q3 we're out of the market for obvious reasons.
John Donahoe: Not whatsoever, Heath. We’re going to try to do what’s right for both businesses. I mean that’s the whole rationale behind the separation. We did it based for the right reasons, on our timeframe for the right reasons to set the businesses up to succeed over the medium to long term, short, medium to long term. And that’s what the Board cared about, that's what Bob and I care about and that’s going to continue to be the guiding principal over the next six to nine to 12 months is to set each of these businesses up to succeed. As I said in my remarks, Bob and I are clearly -- we’re still accountable for the results until the separation occurs and we look forward to working closely with Dan and Devin to set each business up to be successful both in 2015 and beyond.
John Donahoe: Well Colin, the first thing I'd say is we don’t give specific amounts, but eBay has been and continues to be blessed with the majority of its traffic being organic and that’s always been a strength of eBay and continues to be and frankly the Q4 brand campaign we think will help reinforce that organic traffic. SEO is a relatively small portion of our traffic, but it’s a portion that’s important and in particular brought us new users. And the dilemma we had in the SEO world over the last, really it’s been four, five years, is we're unique. We’re the world’s largest collection of unstructured data. We've got 8 million listings. They tend to turn over every 14 days. So even when a seller is selling the same thing, they do a new listing. And so it’s a little more challenging for the search index to index our inventory. And what tended to happen is when there have been changes to that search index, we get impacted and this is not the first time it’s happened. So what we’re doing is we’re going to try to do everything we can to put our inventory in a form and format that allows more sustainability of SEO results and so in some way mirrors more structured data approaches. And that means it’s going to take a little longer to do, it’s a little more manual to do, but Devin and team I think are taking the right approach on this so that we take out a little bit of the SEO volatility we’ve had. I don’t love it. This impacted our business, this SEO change, I don’t like that. But I think we’re going to do it the right way here so that it reduces volatility going forward, but it will take time. It’s not going to pop back up in the next one, two or three quarters. It'll come up a little bit at a time as we index more and more of that inventory back in.
John Donahoe: Well, I think both are up. I mean the brand campaign is the largest brand campaign we’ve done since I think 2008 or 2009 which was the last time we did a major one. And this is going to be live in three or four countries. It’s a global campaign. And it’s intended to have enough [huff] (ph) that it breaks through. At the same time, the other marketing channels are also experiencing increased investments year-over-year, whether that's direct response marketing, whether that’s coupons and offers, whether that's daily deals. So as Bob said earlier, the team has done a very good job of controlling its overall expenses and headcount to enable reallocating fairly heavily into a very strong marketing investment in Q4.
John Donahoe: And Ross, on your second question on PayPal and Google Wallet, Apple Pay, just to reiterate what I said when we talked about separation, over the last couple of years PayPal has been working really hard to be able to enable payments in all the technology ecosystems. Our ambition is to be able to enable payments anywhere consumers want to shop and pay and that was one of the things that contributed to our acquisition of Braintree and it’s something that is an important part of PayPal’s future. And we’ve been working hard to make sure that PayPal can be an effective form of payment inside of Google’s ecosystem. And as you said, I think we’ve made some nice progress on that, it’s going well. And with respect to Apple, Apple has always been an important partner of both eBay and PayPal and it remains to be seen. We’re hopeful but we will work toward whatever is right in the months and years ahead.
John Donahoe: Maybe I'll comment on both. You can add to the second as well. On Marketplaces marketing, one of the things that Devin and team are really focused on this year is really diversifying our marketing channels and marketing spend. And so we continue to be, without a doubt, a very major player in paid search marketing, SEM. But there is a lot of work with Facebook and other social platforms to try to find ways to spend more on those platforms and benefit from the strong consumer engagement that Facebook and others have with their consumers and I think some nice shared innovation and working together and some nice early progress on that. So overtime, eBay wants to be able to be wherever consumers are starting their shopping experience. And so I think continued focus on that. And on your second question, we can probably both comment on this. I don’t -- you will get a chance to hear on the first quarter and then the second quarter about what those investment plans are, but I don’t think there is anything dramatically different on the horizon. As I said earlier, we’re going to work closely to figure out how to best position both eBay and PayPal for the future. I think Payments is going through a really interesting time right now where there is digital payments accelerating and I think that creates a greater addressable market and we’ll want to make sure we position PayPal to capitalize on that. And as I said earlier, I think with eBay, this allows them more focused and aligned eBay around its strategy and capital allocation. So we’ll work closely over the six to nine months to position each business to be successful. And early 2015 both Bob and I and Devin and Dan will talk about how that looks for the future.
John Donahoe: Well, Eric, the way we step back and look at this sort of blending commerce landscape, which as you said is huge when you combine online and offline, and let me actually start with eBay Marketplaces then go to eBay Enterprise. I said earlier that one of things I think or I know you’ll see eBay Marketplaces doing is beginning to focus more on our target segment. The largest retailers in the world all have pretty clear articulation of who their target consumer is and eBay has a very clear target consumer who forms the bulk of our customer base and frankly is a large part of the market. And Devin is driving a process where we’re getting even more clarity about who that target consumer is and how we can position eBay to win with that target consumer and make sure we’re most aligned with that target consumer and not -- we won’t be aligned with necessarily everyone else in the market. And so I think you’re going to see a more focused eBay and I think it’s going to be a more special eBay, frankly anything a large retailer or large commerce provider has to do. I also think as part of that some of the -- there is an enormous amount of money that’s going to be spent as you see in same-day delivery in those services and I don’t think that’s going to be -- that’s not essential to our core target consumer. What you can see though that our core target consumer likes is they like to avoid shipping costs and so things like our Argos partnership in the UK I think has something that's aligned with our target consumer where our small sellers are able to provide same-day pickup or pickup that a consumer can avoid shipping expense and get the best of worlds without eBay investing tons and tons of money. So I think there are some creative ways of addressing that. So, eBay you’ll see I think more focused on our target consumer. eBay Enterprise is more an enabler for the larger retailers of how they compete in this omnichannel world. And eBay Enterprise, in particular its VendorNet capability, is really I think helping buy online, pickup and store, buy online, ship from store capabilities for the large retailers as I described earlier and there is a lot of demand for that and we’ll continue to particularly invest in that part of eBay Enterprise's capability.
John Donahoe: Short answer, Gil, is yes, and that’s actually a relatively straightforward thing for us to do. As you know, PayPal has always been sort of technology agnostic around how a consumer wants to pay. And as you said, for quite a while we thought NFC was not going to be -- get very fast adoption. Now with the recent industry changes, with localization, I think that will be accelerated. Although it’s important to understand, accelerated may be from a three to five-year horizon to a one to three-year time horizon. This is not something that's going to happen in months. And we’ll see. It’s interesting, in Australia there is a fair amount of NFC use and consumer adoption and there are times where they tap their phones, there are other times they tap their cards in an NFC format. So our goal is to have PayPal to be enabled for however our consumer wants to pay and so that’s what we’re doing. And as I said, anything that increases digitization of payments I think expands our addressable market.
John Donahoe: Mark, I’ll take the first. Bob, maybe you take the second. On the first point let me be really clear. Google made some SEO changes in May that had a significant negative impact on our SEO traffic. Anything we’ve been doing since then are trying to respond in a way that are consistent with the new rule changes. So we’re not doing anything other than trying to figure out how do we best take 800 million listings, which is unstructured data, and put them into the index in a way that allows steady significant traffic and growth. Second, I’m not going to say how much our SEO traffic was, but it’s certainly less than what you said as a portion of our traffic.
