John Donahoe: Sure, Sandeep. As you referenced, we implemented on March 30 the very significant pricing and search exposure changes in the U.S. that we had done in Europe 18 months earlier. As I said in April, based on our experience in Europe, it takes a couple of quarters, two, three quarters, to work them through, and that was certainly the case in the U.S. And we made solid progress in the fourth quarter, the same customer metrics I always refer to as what I look at: Our buyer Net Promoter Scores in the U.S. improved for the sixth consecutive quarter, with buyers clearly saying they see improved trust and improved searchability or discoverability; sold item growth grew 8% in the fourth quarter, which is an acceleration over the previous quarter, so buyers are coming to us with more frequency; and then GMV grew 5%, which is a three-point acceleration from Q3 and reflected working through some of the second-order effects from the changes in March. So I feel like we end the year in North America on a good trajectory. I'm not satisfied with where we are in the U.S. market. Our GMV growth is still behind that of the market. But I feel like we're on track and now begin implementing the vertical shopping experiences and other search-related activities that will build on the fundamental change we made last year and allow us to close the gap between our growth rate and that of e-commerce.
John Donahoe: Yes, eBay Bucks was a program that, frankly, we were surprised at the attractiveness to heavy eBay buyers. And as you know, we started a couple of years ago focusing first on how do we retain and deepen our relationships with our top customers? And these are people who like coming to eBay, who buy with more frequency, and eBay Bucks was something that they responded to. What we see is the people that are using eBay Bucks are buying with more frequency, we think that's one of the things driving sold item growth, and we believe we're gaining share of wallet with those buyers. It's not something that's going to necessarily attract new customers to eBay, so it's something that's very much focused on our top buyers, and it's one element of our marketing mix. I would characterize it as one tool in the marketing tool kit.
John Donahoe: Scott, what I'd just say, in Korea, we are very focused on leveraging both Gmarket and IAC to build a sustainable business and build it in a healthy way, in a way -- a year ago, 18 months ago, or maybe it was two years ago now, we were beating each other's brains out with couponing, and it wasn't necessarily producing more loyal customers. And what we've now got is we've got two sites; one that's focused on hard goods and skews toward male consumers, that's IAC; and the other that has soft goods and skews toward female shoppers, that's Gmarket. And a platform that now sellers can leverage on across both more seamlessly. And we're focusing more on customer loyalty. And the place you really see it is GMV growth versus revenue growth. The revenue growth is very much consistent with market, and in fact, perhaps a little bit above the market. It's the GMV growth in the short term that suffers from us couponing less, if you will. And we're just pouring that money into more loyalty programs, but the most important point is the competitive position of that business is improving.
John Donahoe: Good. I'll take the -- I can't even remember what the second question was now, but I do think -- I mean, we spent a lot of time working with Durbin, and I think we feel comfortable with where we are. And if anything, it could improve our competitive position. Jeetil, I think your second question was on the Marketplace business and how we're growing relative to the market and then maybe a little bit about the e-commerce outlook. So in 2010, we grew our global Marketplaces revenue 9% on an FX-neutral basis and GMV about 11%, and that was roughly in line with the markets in which we participate in. But obviously, within that, we had some markets where we grew faster than the market, like the U.K., like Australia, like Korea and other markets, where we grew more slowly than the market, the U.S. being the most pronounced of those. But as I said earlier, I feel good about where we are exiting the year. And I'm confident and optimistic we will make continued progress into 2011, and our goal is still to grow at or faster than the market. Now the market growth rate is an interesting question, because I'd say two things here. One, at our Analyst Day in March of 2009, I said that I thought e-commerce would go from 5% of off-line retail to somewhere between 15% to 20%. And we still believe that, and we saw a little bit of that in the fourth quarter with the e-commerce growth rate gap over retail widening. So I'm not sure I can exactly predict what the 2011 e-commerce growth rate is and will be, but what I will say is we clearly see changes and trends in the market that increase the fundamental attractiveness of our market and, we believe, play to our advantage as a company. And in particular, Mobile is now increasing the number of Internet-enabled transactions, right? And in the process, it is really rapidly blurring the line between online and off-line. And so what we're trying to do is ensure that we're on our front foot and we are aggressively capitalizing on that as a company, because what we see is merchants or sellers around the world now realizing that they have to compete in a multi-channel way. No longer can someone just be a website or just be an off-line retailer. No longer can you just have your off-line store and at night, your own website. You've got to get your inventory or your service out in a multi-channel way, and you have to deal with things like mobile, like social, like the blurring lines. And we believe our company, both eBay and PayPal, and our focus on connecting buyers and sellers fits that need very, very well. And one of the things that we're finding is increasingly relevant is we tell these merchants we will never compete with them. Our goal is never to be a retailer. So when we now call on a merchant to either have them put their inventory on eBay or other properties or have PayPal help them increase their payment volume either online or off-line, we're getting a lot of receptivity. And we're offering to help them get in the mobile world, help them capitalize on the 30 million mobile downloads, help them deal with social commerce, help them deal with some of the challenges that they increasingly have to face. So I would say I'm optimistic about the e-commerce market, and I think maybe these changes play to our direction. If you look at the aggressive moves we're are making around Mobile with buying RedLaser, Critical Path, our actions in PayPal and eBay, the acquisitions around Milo and the work PayPal is doing in the off-line world, I think you're going to see us really ramp up our innovation in this area in 2011 and beyond.
John Donahoe: We're not going to go beyond the financial guidance that Bob gave. So you'll have to do the math in that.
John Donahoe: And then, Spencer, on the PayPal mobile opportunity, we really break it into a couple of categories. One is we launched Mobile Express Checkout last year, and what that, in essence, does is any merchant that's implemented PayPal's Express Checkout with the exact same implementation now, integration, has a mobile payments capability, which is relevant, because those merchants want to have their inventory accessible off mobile devices. And we know consumers don't like putting credit cards into mobile devices, and so now PayPal helps them extend their inventory to mobile devices with one simple integration. And then, with respect to mobile in the off-line world, I've got to be honest. This is one where merchants are reaching across, off-line merchants, and really pulling us in. And what's happened is that the, I'll call it the last mile in teleco, there's the last inch in point-of-sale mobile payment technology. And what's happened in the last year is there's a recognition that you don't have to have one standard across NFC or RFID or Bluetooth or using tones and sounds off the Smartphone device, and there's a lot of innovation going on there. So that last inch is being solved, if you will, in multiple ways. So the recognition is that PayPal can not only offer you a mobile payments capability for a merchant; that is, consumer pays at point of sale; but it also offers that merchant an ability to use PayPal to offer coupons, offers, other things that sort of repositions PayPal not from just being a payment mechanism at point of sale, but be a demand generator, if you will, and a customer loyalty engager. And so we're working on some very interesting things with large retailers. Starbucks is, for instance, one we announced at our PayPal X platform event, where the Starbucks integration is not so much to substitute for payments. It's a way to allow their top buyers, their top consumers, to process more quickly through their lines. And so I think you're going to hear a lot more to come on this. And we think there's a -- it's almost opening up a whole new field of opportunity for PayPal that we weren't even thinking about a year ago.
John Donahoe: And then, Doug, on synergies. Again, historically, we've identified, really, two sources of synergies. One is that eBay is still a significant source of new customers for PayPal, and as I mentioned, it's increasingly a new source of customers for BML, which helps both PayPal in having BML customers and helps the overall PayPal funding mix or transaction expense. The second source has been eBay's balance sheet. EBay Inc.'s balance sheet has helped us have the capacity to make investments and acquisitions in other areas than PayPal. And frankly, the third area of synergy that has been growing over the past 12 months is some of these areas of innovation. Our Mobile teams, we are out front, we believe, in both mobile commerce and mobile payments. And there's a lot of sharing between those two efforts. In fact, this Critical Path Software company we bought provides us mobile apps capability across both business units. Our efforts on the blurring line between online and off-line, local, when we call upon these merchants, we can offer them multi-channel capabilities as well as payments capabilities. And our platform, opening up our PayPal platform, and increasingly, you'll hear us talk about opening up our overall commerce platform. So we still see synergies. We see those synergies actually strengthening in the areas of innovation. What will change our mind is, quite simply, when one business stops making the other more successful or stronger. And this is not a religious thing for either Bob or I, and I think we demonstrated that with Skype. And so as long as the businesses make each other stronger, we think that's in the best interest of the businesses and shareholders. And if and when that changes, we'll act quite rationally.
John Donahoe: Sure, Colin. On search, and I encourage everyone to come to our Analyst Day in a couple of weeks, because Mark Carges will elaborate on this, but in essence, we built a new search -- Mark and his team built a new search platform. And the first two applications built on top of that were the Fashion experience and the eBay Mobile experience. And so if you've seen the eBay Fashion experience, it's much more customized to the category experience. In that case, it's more visual. It allows you to save your preferences. It allows you to shop in the way you want to shop in that category. In Q4, Mark and his team also rolled that out to a few subcategories, a customized shopping experience for electronics. And in particular, that was for MP3 players, navigation systems and DVDs. So if you haven't seen that, I'd go in and do a search for an iPod or a navigation system, and you'll see a more product-based experience. And so the search roadmap for 2010 has a very heavy focus on vertical shopping experiences. Fashion, electronics, auto parts, home and garden are providing better shopping experiences that allow our enormous inventory to be more easily discoverable and, we believe, will increase conversion over time. There's no doubt that the fashion conversion has improved with these search improvements. So I think you'll see a lot on the vertical front. On Mobile, because the mobile application was built on the new search platform, we've been able to rev that several times. And again, it's adding to our agility and our speed. How much of the Mobile volume is incremental? We don't know. I'm going to guess roughly a third. We're still trying to sort that through. What we're finding -- what's interesting is you have mobile-enabled transactions, which is in some cases, people start on the mobile device, buy on the mobile device and pay on the mobile device. In other cases, people start on a PC-based device and buy on a mobile device. With something like RedLaser, sometimes people are starting off-line and then they're actually buying online, and we're seeing every combination. So as we think about Mobile, both at eBay and PayPal, we're treating Mobile as another device in a what we believe will be increasingly a seamless shopping experience. Again, that's something we're going to talk about in more detail at our Analyst Day in a couple of weeks. All right, thanks, everybody. Again, I'll put our last plug in for joining us here in early February, and we'll look forward to seeing everyone then.
Robert Swan: Yes. The sold items, Scott, we just give you kind of the year-over-year impact. Because Gmarket was not new in the quarter, that year-over-year dynamic of excluding and including it is no longer relevant. So sold items growth was up 10% on an apples-to-apples basis year-over-year. On Payment margins, back in March of '09, we said that by 2011, we'd be at 18% to 20% operating margins. And as I indicated and you referenced, we had 21% for the year. So we feel great about not just where we are in terms of margin expansion, but also the fact that we've made significant investments during the course of that time to, in essence, roughly double the amount of total payment volume from 2009 to 2011. So we feel relatively good. And the three things that improved the margins during the course of 2010 we expect to continue, and they were simply good leverage on top line growth; secondly, you know that we're very laser-focused on transaction margins and keeping them above the 60% level; and third, continued progress in scaling the Bill Me Later business and using our collective risk management tools to appeal to more consumers but also to drive down credit losses. So those three dynamics are the things that contribute to margin performance improvement. And we expect those to continue, but it won't be at the expense of investment. We think we have a wonderful business with lots of opportunity, and we will continue to invest to ensure we capitalize on the growth prospects in front of us.
Robert Swan: The 10% growth on a year-over-year basis is apples-to-apples. There is a way to give you Gmarket-specific performance, but it's just not as relevant, and therefore, we're not going to. So I think the 10% is really indicative, Scott, of how well we performed across the globe, apples-to-apples, in the quarter.
Robert Swan: In the aggregate, implied in our guidance is operating margins that are relatively flat year-on-year. The reason EPS growth is not quite as high as revenue growth is, first, because our tax rate is getting better. My guidance had us at about 19% for 2011. The overall tax rate in 2010, as the result of the fourth quarter items, was 18%. So tax rate is more effective, but in 2010, we have the, kind of, the collective benefit from prior periods flowing to the tax rate in 2010. So our effective tax rate will, in fact, be up a little bit versus 2010. The second thing is, as you know, we raised about $1.5 billion of debt in the fourth quarter, and we will incur kind of the full-year effect of interest expense. Those two drivers are primarily the difference between revenue growth and EPS growth. Overall, operating margins for the portfolio will be relatively flat year-on-year.
Robert Swan: John, maybe I'll take the former and the latter up too. Jeetil, thanks for the question, because I know Durbin is on lots of people's minds. As you know, the draft regulation just came out at the end of last year. Fairly long, it's fairly complicated, and it's in draft form. So we know it's going to change and get a little bit clear. Maybe, overall, if I cut through it all in terms of what we determine the impact of our business is, in the short and the medium term, we believe it'll probably neutral to positive on our performance. And let me maybe provide a little bit -- maybe a little context as to why we say that in terms of how we think it's going to impact us. First, we believe our transaction expense as a result of the changes will, in fact, go down as we incur lower processing costs on debit transactions, and that'll be a reasonably significant number. If, how and when we pass it on to customers is a bit of a TBD at our end, but that, net-net overall, we think that's a neutral-to-positive impact. The second area that we're impacted is on the fees that we charge for the PayPal debit card, and that's a relatively small, small portion of our revenue. It will be impacted by Durbin, but it'll be an insignificant, immaterial impact on the business. The third area, which is a little more indirect in nature, and that is whether those that are more directly impacted by Durbin, whether they will pass on higher fees that would negatively impact PayPal, particularly on ACH-related transactions. I would say a few things. First, in the short to medium term, I don't anticipate that happening. We'll see, but I don't anticipate it happening. Secondly, we have multi-year agreements with strategic partners for those transactions that, essentially, go through beyond the 2012 for the most part. So there's, again, we have some contractual protection with some important strategic relationships that would mitigate it in the event that they increase ACH cost. And then, third, this is -- we have a pretty rich history in dealing with inflationary pressures on different forms of payment in the wallet. And in effect, how do we give consumer choice by leveraging technology and incentives to migrate consumers to what would be low-cost trails? So I don't believe that ACH will go up. In the event that it does, I'd say we have contractual protection for 18 to 24 months. And I think we're pretty effective at managing the dynamics of the PayPal wallet to impact any specific changes. So all in all, our interpretation of the results, I would characterize it as, again, short and medium term, neutral to positive and long term, very manageable in the context of our business. And maybe, John, before I hand it off, there's one more point that's probably worth mentioning. I think there's some concerns that PayPal will be regulated by the Fed as a card network. I would say that we do not believe this will be the case for several reasons. One, we don't charge interchange fees. Secondly, we use existing card networks to move PayPal payments. And then last, the payment networks themselves treat us like a merchant. So for the concerns around us being regulated as a card network, we do not believe that that will ultimately be in the final bill when it comes out later this year. So a long answer but a very important question, and that's kind of how we're interpreting where this regulation is or where it's going to go and the impact on our business. John, you want to. . .
Robert Swan: I think, as you're aware, we haven't really broken down sources-of-funding mix for a while. I would say that for card transactions, we've said that roughly 55% to 60% of our volume is with card transactions. We haven't broke that down between credit or debit. And we have said that while debit has gotten dramatic traction off-line, it hasn't been as dramatic online. It's a larger component, but not as dramatic. So what we try to give you is more this quarterly pulse on how we're doing in leveraging technology, providing consumer choice and influencing consumers on low-cost rails, which gets reflected in how the transaction expense number that we give you each quarter. And that's the metric that we try to manage over time. And as I indicated, in the short and medium term, our best assets, the ultimate outcome of Durbin, would indicate that, that overall number, all else equal, would go down.
Robert Swan: In terms of the -- just, I'll use the midpoint of our 2011 guidance of about 14%. Inherent in that is the revenues from the three transactions that we've closed: Milo, Critical Path and brands4friends. The first two are, essentially, inconsequential. The last one is, as we indicated, the largest private sale business in Germany, and I think about it as roughly a little less than 1 1/2% of growth from acquisitions in total. So midpoint of guidance, roughly 12 1/2% organic, another 1 1/2% from the acquisitions that we've announced.
