John J. Donahoe: Yes, sure, Heath. Well, the first thing I'll say is we continue to be very excited about the off-line opportunity for PayPal. It expands PayPal's served market from a $500 million market to a $10 trillion market. And if we just capture 2% of the off-line retail, it's another PayPal. So we're treating this with the same kind of seriousness we did the Merchant Services business 5 years ago and frankly, using a little bit of a similar playbook. So as you know, our focus in 2011 was to build a set of products that could work in large, small and medium-size off-line retailers. And 2012 is all about piloting, testing and learning. This is not a scaling year, it's about piloting, testing and learning. And so in the first quarter, we got the product into Home Depot. As you know, it works with the existing hardware point of sale. And it worked. We worked with Home Depot on scalability and reliability to the point where they were confident by the end of the quarter of rolling it out to all 2,000 stores nationwide. And thus far, we've done no marketing to consumers. Frankly, the only people using it thus far are eBay and Home Depot employees and others that have happened to have seen it. We're now working with Home Depot to start a phase of marketing to consumers, which will come in the May-June time frame, and you'll see that. Now you'll probably see some signage in the Home Depot stores. They will be doing some mailing to their customers. We'll be doing mailings to ours. And that's when we'll really begin to focus on trying to get some consumer engagement around it. And so a good part of the summer will be working on that phase of things. Now in the interim, we've continued to have a pipeline. Don Kingsborough and the team have been working hard signing up other retailers. We have several under contract and during the second half of the year, we'll be bringing those live to site. But again, with very much of a test and learn mindset really, we're trying to get some retailers in different segments to learn. So I feel very good about our progress. And this year is a test and learn year and so that we'll be ready in 2013 and '14 to roll out across different industry categories and globally. And then the last piece, which we didn't really talk about until we announced it, was our off-line product, PayPal Here, focused on smaller off-line retailers and merchants and that we're very excited about. I think it's a very innovative product, it's a product that we can go global with. And the -- our biggest problem there is we're not sure we can manufacture enough devices in the next 60 days to meet up with the demand. But that's the kind of problem we want to have. So all in all, it's a test and learn year for off-line, and we feel good about the progress.
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Ron. The -- well, the nice thing about the first quarter results are frankly that they are an accumulation of the hard work we've been doing over the last 3 or 4 years to improve the user experience, both the product experience, the trust, the quality of products on the site, the quality of sellers. And so the data I look at is buyer retention. And buyer retention is up in the U.S. and across the globe. The second thing, as you know over the last several years, people have been saying, "When are we going to start marketing to bring back inactive users or bring new users to the site?" And under Devin's leadership over the last really 6 months, we have really ramped that up. As you know, we did a brand campaign in the fourth quarter, and we're starting to start marketing. And Devin and I were just sitting down; he was showing me some data yesterday where our active buyer growth is up 9.5% in the core Marketplace business. So we're beginning to reach out to people that haven't used eBay in a while or never used eBay, and they're responding. And they like what they see. So I think that's adding to the growth and that's adding to our optimism. And then as you said, another focus Devin's brought is the focus on the BRIC markets. And we were going through some data, just some of the fact that -- the user growth, the buyer growth in some of the BRIC markets, in India, in Brazil and Russia, in Eastern Europe and in China. And they're very significant user growth rates. Now they're under relatively small bases. And right now, they're importing product. But as large numbers of new users come online in the BRIC markets and in the -- and in emerging markets, they won't have a local e-commerce market at first, and they're going to be looking to kind of global e-commerce sites that specialize in cross-border trade. That, of course, is what we do. eBay does it, PayPal enables it. And so again, I think that we'll see increased focus and we'll increase focus on bringing buyers to the site, both in the U.S. and around the globe, and then try to deliver a great experience so that we retain those buyers. And you add that together and that's why we're optimistic. I'll also say we have a couple of -- a nice series of product enhancements during the year. You're going to see some really, really good stuff around the checkout experience on eBay. We're finally going to -- given the fact that we own eBay and PayPal, we're going to improve the checkout experience on eBay. You're going to see some search improvements. You're going to see some fun areas and discovery, and so things -- more to come on a steady stream of product enhancements on eBay. So all in all, we're feeling good about that business.
John J. Donahoe: Exactly. Parts and accessories, obviously we had strong vertical focus. That business is growing. Fashion, you've seen a more visual experience, both on our web experience and on mobile. I think you're going to see even more on that, and some of the stuff I'm really personally excited about is some of the stuff that Steve Yankovich and our mobile team are doing around visual recognition and search, which is sort of how you want to engage with a fashion experience. And then consumer electronics is a category that lends itself to catalog issue. As you said which you saw, we've rolled out the product-based experience in consumer electronics. The kinds of things that are on the to-do list going forward, it varies a little bit by market. But collectibles, I -- you'll see us do some things in collectibles. Sporting goods and baby goods are 2 sort of subcategories where we're working hard to bring the right inventory on and provide a good experience. With respect to search, Mark Carges and the team of -- have done a great job with some of the vertical shopping experiences and different search algorithms by vertical. They're now building the underlying search platform, which we'll roll out during this year. And the implication of that is that we call the Cassini internally. And historically, the search on eBay has been matching keyword match in the title, and that's really how we recall search on eBay. What Cassini will now do is will search the entire listing for search terms and match the search query with that. So we think that will improve the accuracy and comprehensiveness of search recall. And lastly, on first quarter, I -- Bob can probably comment on specific things. The thing I'll note is e-commerce is growing. I mean, mobile is having a big impact on the e-commerce market. The e-commerce stats came out yesterday in the U.S., and they were up a couple of points in -- for the month of March 17%, and we're benefiting from that. And frankly, I think our mobile apps are helping to drive that. So...
John J. Donahoe: And Scott, on top-rated seller was -- what I said earlier was U.S. And again, it just shows that this has been a continuous focus of ours to focus more and more of the marketplace on our top-rated sellers that provide the best service. It's now half of GMV in the U.S. Their businesses are growing, same store sales of 22%. They're offering more free shipping. And interestingly, we made the decision in Q1 to raise the bar to qualify the top-rated seller even more, adding in return policies and certain shipping speed expectations and tracking expectations. And so we'll continue to use that benefit of the carrot to allow those sellers on eBay to provide retail-like, fantastic consumer experiences to be the ones that will really succeed and grow. And they're stepping up to it, as eBay sellers do sort of inevitably. It's fun to see.
John J. Donahoe: Well, Gene, on NFC, I think we're proven to have been right. My flip answer is when is it going to be ready? Never. But the -- I think other technology solutions, things like PayPal Here, things like what we're doing at point of sale where you pay hands-free mobile number and PIN, you don't even need your mobile number, are ways to provide compelling consumer experiences that don't require the actual use of an NFC technology. So I think location-based payments is something that you'll see a lot of innovation around. And just as we -- in PayPal Here, you see us using the check-in feature on location-based payment fees to be quite powerful, the GPS devices and smartphones. But again, it's not dependent upon an NFC for the last inch. So I don't know. I think you'll see more -- and I think it's going to be at least a couple years before you see widespread adoption of NFC in large retailers all over the world. There'll be some examples of innovation, but I think the real innovation that we'll be driving are in the actual consumer experience and the merchant experience.
John J. Donahoe: Let me just come back and say one more thing on NFC and just again, our approach is we will be tender type indifferent. If a consumer wants to pay with a card, they'll be able to pay with a card. If the consumer wants the hand-free mobile number and PIN, they'll be able to do mobile number and PIN. If the consumer wants to use their mobile phone to pay, we'll be -- we will work with all the major devices, all the major operating systems and whatever last-inch technology, Bluetooth, NFC or new ones that emerge. Our goal is to give the consumer an easy payment experience. And the technology is an enabler of that, not the product.
John J. Donahoe: Well, what -- well, I'll say a couple of things, Ben. This mobile is fundamentally changing the retail landscape, and there's no going back. It's -- and it's sort of stunning to see. And I'm thrilled we're at the front end of that in sort of 2 ways. One, having applications and products that allow you to actually close a transaction on a mobile device. And so eBay Mobile volume continues to just be on fire. PayPal mobile payments volume continues to be on fire. And so consumers are using their mobile devices to shop and to pay. And our applications are compelling, and I think we will certainly beat some of the goals we set out for the year on those 2 fronts. The other story, though, is consumers are using mobile devices as part of their shopping experience even if they don't actually close the transaction on a mobile device. And some of the innovations that we're driving and doing, I think, are quite interesting on that front. I'll highlight 2. One -- or 3 really. One is what we're doing around local commerce with RedLaser, Milo and PayPal, right, which we believe is providing an experience that will help drive foot traffic into large retailers. And we're working with retailers like Toys R Us and Best Buy and others to make that a compelling experience. Second example on the iPad is this notion of shop while you're watching TV. I think Nielsen produced a report that says something like 80% of smartphone and iPad or tablet users use their devices while watching TV. And so our Mobile team came up with this application where while you're watching TV with the eBay iPad app, you enter whatever channel you're watching and the TV show that you're watching. eBay inventory associated with that TV show pops up, and it's a very compelling experience. And now we're doing some experimentation with some celebrity curation and other things. So this whole notion of a dual-device experience, having an iPad or a smartphone in your lap while you're watching TV, I think you'll see a lot of shopping innovation around that. And again, we're -- we hope to be enabling that. The last thing I'd say then is the -- I think some -- the innovation around mobile is actually just beginning. It's -- some of the location-based capabilities that these mobile devices enable are going to have impact on shopping and paying. PayPal Here, that check-in feature, which allows the small retailer or small merchant to know you by name and by face when you come in. I think that visual search capabilities that -- and additional recognition will have an impact on our fashion experience and on shopping. And so we're doubling down on our mobile investment and feel very good about the innovations that are happening and are finding a growing number of retailers and merchants who are coming to us saying, "Can you help us in this mobile world?" So it's fun and it's not going away.
John J. Donahoe: Well, Colin, it'd be very hard for me to sit here and say that everything we've done in the last 4 years doesn't really matter in the marketplace, does it? I think 2 things. I think the answer to both of your questions is both. I think the changes we've made were essential. I think the marketplace would not have turned around. It wouldn't be where it is today without the changes we've driven. It's a more trusted, better experience. And I believe we're at a new equilibrium. And now, Devin and his team are trying to build off of that new equilibrium. Our aspiration is now going to be above e-commerce. So -- and over time that's what we'll be driving toward. So I feel that the marketplace is in a strong and sustainable place today that we'll build off of. And in PayPal, I think mobile is enhancing the engagement and the ubiquity of PayPal. And when you look at ubiquity on the web, we continue to sign additional merchants around the world up where they're putting PayPal on their online site. PayPal on a mobile device is proven to have higher conversion, and so more and more people are putting PayPal checkout on their mobile applications. And then moving into the off-line world is that third leg of ubiquity, both with large merchants and small merchants, with our point-of-sale product in PayPal Here. And our strategy is quite clearly if PayPal is everywhere, that's going to increase the likelihood that consumers engage with it, which is good for the business, both online and off. So I guess the answer to your question is yes on both fronts.  All right, everyone, thank you very much and we'll talk to you in 3 months.
Robert H. Swan: Spencer, thanks. First, on the PayPal take rate. We have seen expansion during the course of the year. And on a year-over-year basis, it's up roughly 24 bps. And it's really driven by 3 factors, 2 that are sustainable and 1 that's a bit of a wild card. The sustainable component is our first Bill Me Later growth. As we continue to grow the Bill Me Later portfolio that we monetize in a different way, we expect our take rate to continue to go up in conjunction with Bill Me Later's component of the overall portfolio. That will continue. Secondly, as you know, we got a significant cross-border trade business in PayPal. It's roughly 25% of our total volume. And we've made some very modest changes into FX fees over the course of the last year to have a competitive offering, but tweaked up slightly. And small little tweaks on that big cross-border business has a positive impact on our take rate. Those 2, Bill Me Later growth and buyer FX fees, will continue. The third is just the gains on the hedges that we have in place, the revenue hedges that we have in place that flow to the PayPal line. That obviously is more dependent on how currencies go, and I wouldn't be counting on that one. It's a ongoing core piece of the business. So some sustainable, some not, but good, continued performance, primarily Bill Me Later growth. Second question's Marketplace operating margin. I mean, as we said 4 years ago, 35% to 45%; and a year ago, 38% to 42%. We feel very good about that range. And the natural dynamics for us are usually it comes down a little bit in Q1 and Q2 and Q3 as we invest ahead of the back-to-school and holiday season, and then goes up in Q4. So I would say that this year will be no different than prior years. And as we indicated back in January, we still feel good about our 38% to 42% operating margin next year as well.
Robert H. Swan: I guess, Gil, it's a good question. And maybe, I'm going to just elaborate a bit because the frequency in which we gets asked -- we get asked this question is higher. And the practical reality is we don't consider it that big a deal, but let me elaborate a little bit. First, to your point, yes, ACH is one of the multiple funding sources in the PayPal wallet. And relatively speaking, it is a fairly low-cost -- a low-cost funding source. So it's an important part of our business. Secondly, I think as you know, the Fed kind of sets the rates and charges financial institutions a fee to process those payments. And we do not expect the Fed or the governor of the network to make any changes to rates. If anything, we would expect the trend of going down to continue. The third then has been the financial institutions pass on any rates to their clients. And on that front, this is a fairly competitive world and lots of the banks provide this service. And for us, we go through a very competitive process, leveraging our scale, eBay Inc. as a whole and our scale within PayPal, to get very competitive rates in a very competitive environment on behalf of our merchants and our consumers. So given that we -- lastly, I should say, we have 4 more years left on our contract. And within that contract, we're not -- we're well protected for any inflationary pressures that may come along the way that we don't think are going to happen. So I think we feel pretty good about that as a funding source in the wallet and that its cost will stay relatively low. All that said, let me maybe put this into context a little bit. Even though we don't expect any inflationary pressures, if our ACH costs went up 5x of where they are today, it's less than 1 point of operating margin on PayPal. So we don't expect them to go up. We're contractually locked out for 4 more years. And our wildest imagine -- imagination is if they go up 5x, it's less than 1 point of operating profit today and much less than 1 point 4 years from now when our contract expires. So it's -- yes, it's a good question. I apologize for the lengthy answer, but the frequency that we get asked, I think, is important enough for us to just elaborate on that one a little bit.
Robert H. Swan: Scott, let me take the first one first. On China and Korea, let me bundle those 2. First, as you may remember from a year ago, for different reasons but the same impact, growth from China and Korea was relatively slow. In China, because we took some actions to ensure that the volume coming from our greater Chinese sellers were providing great experiences for our consumers in our developed markets, growth slowed until they could adjust their business models to provide great experiences. So in China, we saw a real healthy growth on volume in sold items because our sellers have really responded to the increased expectations of consumers. So that was one. I think, two, in Korea, a little bit of the same. Our competitive position in Korea is getting stronger. We're investing more behind it, and our sold item growth is accelerating because our business is stronger and our comps are relatively easy. I think on the U.S., John covered it. On U.K., this has been a very good, strong suit for us for a long period now. It's the market that Scott, as you know, we did our -- there was a launch from a lot of the innovations that we do. They've been in that market the longest and for a good 8 quarters now, we've seen really strong growth in the U.K. In Q1, sold items was no exception.
Robert H. Swan: And Scott, if I could just connect the dots in terms of what the implications of that is downstream. I mentioned some of the operating expense improvement was the result of lower buyer protection costs. So in the ecosystem of great sellers providing great services, technology serving them up more often, they become a bigger component of our overall growth. The implications downstream are, all else equal, less calls to the contact center and less us having to step in to provide satisfaction guarantees now because our sellers are providing that service themselves.
Robert H. Swan: Yes, great question. First, maybe a little bit of context. As we indicated early last year, our expectations for PayPal over the 3-year time frame is we'll roughly double the size of the business. And that would really come in 3 different components. One, we continue to grow on eBay in the mid to upper single digits. Secondly, Bill Me Later would grow north of 40%. And third, to your question, Merchant Services would grow over that 3-year time frame of 25% to 30%. Those 3 components are what would drive the doubling of PayPal from essentially 2010 to 2013. So we said 25% to 30% for Merchant Services. Last year, Merchant Services performed much higher than that. It was up in the mid-30s, about 34%. So we're off to a great start one year in. And we increased the guidance in effect for the 3-year journey at the beginning of this year. This quarter, another good, strong quarter. Merchant Services' TPV had 28% growth, which keeps us well on track, maybe even a little bit ahead of our 3-year plan. So we feel very good about where we are. In terms of maybe context around the deceleration that happened last year, I'd say 2 things. One, wild changes in currencies, particularly for Europeans, impacts our cross-border trade, and that started to happen in Q3 and again in Q4 and that was a big component of the deceleration. Currency from Q4 to Q1 had been relatively stable. And therefore, our business -- sorry, Merchant Services has remained relatively stable growth from Q4 to Q1 because there's no wild cards. I think underneath the covers a little bit, European growth is slower. The growth in Europe, we had a great quarter as a company. eBay in Europe was very strong. PayPal growth in Europe slowed. And when we look at same store sales for our merchants in Europe, we're contending with some slowness, what we would say is really more economy-centric than the progress that our teams are making, getting new merchants and more consumer share of wallet. So 25% to 30% is what we said 5 quarters into our 12-quarter journey. We're in a -- we're in very good shape, some things working for us, some things working against, but we feel very good about the plans we laid out. And then as John mentioned, one last thing. In that 3-year plan, we didn't include anything in the off-line world. And the -- our ambitions are to take what we did in the online world, take them into the off-line world for small, medium and large merchants and dramatically increase the denominator of the served market to accelerate growth even more in -- as we exit 2013 and into 2014 and beyond.
Robert H. Swan: And just I would say on the user growth, the user growth is primarily from our developed markets. And I think what we're seeing now off a relatively low base, we see very attractive growth rates in the emerging markets. So that is an opportunity for us going forward, not necessarily moving the needle in the 2 million new users in the quarter.
