Steve Priest: Yeah, definitely. Hey, good afternoon, Colin. So in terms of the negative one organic FX and growth that we saw from a GMV standpoint, there's a number of macro impacts that we're looking at. So the first thing I'd say, in September we observed some softening in consumer demand, which has carried through to October, and that helped imply the guide that we went forward with. This has been most pronounced in Europe. A couple of our biggest markets, UK is the second largest market and has continued to experience negative e-commerce growth since early 2022. Germany, our third largest market has now faced multiple quarter of economic contraction. And the U.S., as I said, we're starting to see some softness and we would expect the holiday’s period to be a little bit more muted. So when I look back on the third quarter and the dynamics that were at play, U.S. GMV declined 2% on an FX organic basis and international was roughly flat. The European softness has been helped by some of the CBT trade that we've seen that has been resilient. Think about consumers looking for value and the cross-border trade coming out of the Far East has been more resilient, and as a reminder for our investor community, the GMV is measured where the seller is domiciled. And so you've got softness in Europe, we're lapping through some of that dynamic, but the strength in CBT has sort of helped the international dynamic in Q3.
Steve Priest: And then with regards to your question, Ross, on 24, obviously there'll be a number of puts and takes that will impact ‘24. We're in the middle of planning at the moment. The thing I would say is, we will continue to be very disciplined and get the balance right between growth and profitability. We've been making various investments over the last few years, which we will continue to leverage and scale as we get into sort of 2024. We are looking at every area of our cost structure. Obviously, in terms of external spending with suppliers, we've been very measured in terms of our approach to the structural cost program this year. With the influx of AI, that will really help us sort of lean in to support the operation next year and use the benefits of that as we go forward. And we can control our cost structure. I mean, we are operating in a rather dynamic macro environment and so we will lean in as we said, and make sure that our costs grow more slowly than revenue in 2024.
Steve Priest: Yeah, and just to say, Tom, with regard to EIS, we're really pleased with the momentum, largely in line with our expectations from a financial architecture standpoint. As we said, we expect this program to be committed to operating profit for this year, and by the year end, it will be in line with core margins on the platform. So, pleased with what we're seeing. Specifically, with regard to your question on capital returns, the duty of the eBay franchise, where we're generating just under $2 billion of free cash flow a year, gives us the ability to invest in the business, but continue to drive healthy returns to shareholders. We laid out a path to 125% of free cash flow to shareholders who stock buybacks and dividends, cumulatively between 2022 and 2024. Since the beginning of 2022, we've returned nearly $5.2 billion to shareholders, and we're roughly at 125%, so we're right on track with the commitments that we made.
Steve Priest: The other thing I would add is just the size and scale of eBay and the general operation efficiencies we get with this. To Jamie’s point on full funnel marketing, we get to a point where we've got paid, owned, and now earned marketing across the board, which really brings additional consumers to eBay and continues to drive that level of trust on the platform to ultimately drive the underlying GMV momentum.
Steve Priest: Yeah, obviously we talked about the free cash flow dynamics and the timing of the cash payments of ‘23 impacted by the California State Disaster Tax Relief, which has shifted our cash tax payments to October versus that’s being paid during Q2, Q3, and that's really the reference point we were talking about. We don't get into sort of forecasting buybacks on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Really pleased with the continued momentum we've got on that at around 125%, and that's really an average over the cycle that we talked about. But we're bang on track and happy with where we are.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. No, I don't think it's in particular any specific other competitive thing. Like your question on Temu, we’ve not seen a significant impact from Temu or Shein on our business. When we look at our cross-border trade as Steve talked about, it continues to remain healthy. We believe that's because of our differentiated strategy and our approach. If you remember, we've been talking about this for a while. We've been strategically moving away from low quality, low ASP items, and that hasn't been a focus for us for years. I think the other big difference for our platform, Ross, is that we’re – a vast, vast majority of our traffic is organic. So I think as others are implicated by kind of the paid search or other marketing spend out there in the market, we're less so and more resilient, just because so much of our traffic is driven organically on the platform.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So first on the initiatives, we're still obviously in planning for next year. But I'd say a couple of things. As Steve talked about the cost structure, one of the things we're looking at is how do we leverage AI and technologies so that our costs don't grow as our volume grows? So I'll give you an example of, one of the areas we've been investing a lot in is our customer support. And so if you look at like our GCX expenses, our customer support expenses, we've been rolling out conversational help bots over the course of the last few quarters, really advancing what we're doing there so that we can, focus a lot of our efforts into handling more calls and greater volume with higher customer satisfaction. As an example, we just launched that as a trial in Germany. We've had that live in some of our English markets. An example of some of the initiatives that we're going to do next year to manage the business and make sure that as Steve said, we're going after the growth opportunities in the business, while being prudent about our expense structure. When you think about focus categories and what's driving the success there, I would say it's a couple of things. One is that, if I look at like for P&A, for example, this is our third quarter of seeing mid-single digit growth, which is in-line with markets. And we're just now launching Guaranteed Fit, which is one of the big value propositions for us in that category, to our markets, our second and third largest markets in UK and Germany, where we do have a leading marketing position from that standpoint. And what we're seeing is that, the new work that we've been doing in Fitment, for example, has really been helpful. I talked about 2 billion new Fitment combinations based on my Fitment, and then our sellers are seeing double digit increases in their conversion. So to your point I think, we're doing a better job with our full funnel marketing in each category, acquiring enthusiasts into those categories. And then when we bring them on, we're having a better experience for them in converting them into sales and converting them into repeat buyers, because of the changes we've made in trust, because of the changes we've made in the experience. I mean, think about like our luxury category. This is the third quarter where we're seeing positive growth in luxury, even in this market, and you're seeing kind of what's happening and what others are saying. And it's because of the customer value proposition that we're bringing to these categories that we're seeing those results. So we're going to continue to innovate and push forward on that strategy, because we like the results that we're seeing and the consumers responding. And then we're enhancing the focus category work with a lot of site-wide investments. And those site-wide investments not only help us in focus categories, but they help us in our other core categories in the business. So I'd use the example of magical listing. It certainly helps sell a sneaker faster or a training card or a watch or a handbag, but it also helps sell a musical instrument faster or a board game or a book or all the things that people sell on eBay, because we're taking so much time out of the listing process that we're looking to unlock more of what's in people's closets, garages and basements with this technology. And we think that those investments will help both focus categories and our other core categories on the business.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So, I would say a couple things. One is we're not going to get ahead of ourselves on 2024 and talk about that on this call. We've laid out the strategy that we have for expanding focus categories for the site-wide investments that we're making, and we feel really good about what we're driving and the underlying changes in the business. On the expenses side, I wouldn't think about it as pulling back in areas that we think will drive growth in the business, but more what I talked about earlier, which is finding opportunities to create leverage out of the model. When you think of things like cost of payments, when you think of things like how we're going to use AI to enable our – the efficiency of the organization, you know, the whole motto here is ‘control what we can control.’ And, that's why we think we've planned for the architecture that Steve laid out, and we're really not going to get ahead of ourselves on anything more from 2024. But our main goal, and we've been doing this through the structured cost program, is to drive efficiency in the organization without driving the key layers, the key levers and the innovations that have driven growth on the platform.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah, look, we've shifted our marketing strategy as we've talked about, and we're telling our story in new and different ways. Rather than focus on those large brand campaigns, we've been doing really targeted marketing spend to enthusiasts in our focus categories through this full funnel approach, using a real full funnel, mid, lower, upper. And all of that full funnel makes our lower funnel work harder. We've been doing partnerships with influencers, leveraging social media in better ways. And so the whole shift in our marketing strategy is not to just go after kind of active buyers and a big brand campaign, but really market the value proposition that we have on the platform with a really targeted approach to go after enthusiasts in that category. And that's why I think you're seeing the results that we've talked about in P&A, which is our third quarter of in-market lines of growth in the mid-single digits is because of the effect of the marketing programs.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah, on seller services, Eric, it's really been across the board. If you think about our B2C sellers, it's been a key focus for us for over three years now. We started with eBay stores and a lot of innovation that we did when I first got back to eBay. Since then, we've been building out the ad portfolio, as we've been talking about each quarter. We continue to enhance our shipping profile and our shipping services. So one example is like in our P&A category, we now have the ability for a B2C seller to say, I have multiple warehouses that I can ship out of, and we'll ship out of the one closest to the buyer to get it faster to the buyer. In our German business, we just launched a more expedited returns process, which helps sellers manage returns in easier ways. EIS is helping them get more global scale demand. Payments is giving them more payment choices. So, when you think about it, I was just with a seller in Australia who sells tires, and he's like, I love the integration that you guys did with Afterpay, because in this economy, a lot of people buying a new set of tires are using the buy now, pay later solutions. So I would say it's a combination of all of the things that we've done that are really being great services for B2C. At the same time, we've been investing a lot in the C2C experience with things like the magical listings, really letting them list with a whole lot more ease. As I've talked about last quarter, the customer satisfaction for a brand new product there is amongst the highest I've ever seen. And what casual sellers are telling us is this is going to allow them to unlock more inventory because of how easy we're making it. And that's now scaled out to 100% of our business across U.S., UK, and DE. So we continue to invest a lot in our sellers. We continue to grow the number of live listings on the platform, and we continue to raise the customer value proposition that we're giving them on eBay.
