Steve Priest: Yes. Hi, good afternoon, Colin. With regard to as payments, versus say is really pleased with the execution from the teams did a tremendous job and we're tracking well towards the direction that we gave at Investor Day in terms of our medium-term targets, in terms of payments and ads. We don't give any specific guidance on the call associated with that in payments for '23, but you should expect them to continue to outpace GMV, as they did in 2022. So, great execution from the teams and pleased with where we are.
Steve Priest: Hi, Nikhil, thank you for the questions. First of all, with regards to the fourth quarter and coming in, as we said in our prepared comments, really pleased to see some of the execution particularly in a couple of key focus categories like P&A and refurb continue to sort of be highlights for the fourth quarter as we came through it. As we've mentioned, came through towards the top end of the guide. And really, we did have less headwind as we'd expected on an exchange rate basis, with the US dollars we went through. But some core strength in a couple of the focus categories as we come through the fourth quarter. With regards to the sequencing, we're dealing with an incredibly dynamic macro environment and we wanted to give some color for the investor community as we start to think about 2023. And obviously, the macro dynamic has been challenged during 2022. And so in that directional color, we've given a comprehensive guide for the first quarter. We continue to execute in the underlying business. But based on the uncertainty that we are facing at the moment and the continuation of that macro challenge we felt it was most prudent just to sort of lay out that sequencing relating to 2023.
Steve Priest: Hi, Ross, I'll take those. So with regard to the GMV sequencing, we haven't guided the full year. We're just trying to give some directional alignment. We're just trying to plan our business effectively around the dynamic macro environment that we're seeing. Again, put a very comprehensive guide up for the first quarter, really pleased with the execution of the strategy, which is working well and leaning into the focus categories that we're still to execute. We mentioned the fact that we do see as many commentators say, a very, very challenged and certain first half of the year. Again, we're just given some direction on alignment about how we think about things as we navigate through 2023. So just providing some color accordingly. With regards to the Investor Day GMV framework, we're leaning in exactly where we said we would, whether it's luxury, whether it's P&A, Jamie talked extensively about the benefits of authentication impacting the business. And so we are seeing underlying positive growth in our business as we execute the strategy, continue to be fueled by the momentum that we're seeing with payments and ads. In terms of the timing of the GMV framework that we laid out at Investor Day, that's really a function of the potential severity and duration of the macro environment that we're operating in, which will obviously have an indication in terms of the timing of when we get to those longer-term targets. And then finally, with regards to inflation, as you imagine, inflation is impacting a number of our businesses across the US and in Europe. Europe has been more pronounced over recent quarters because of -- particularly because of the energy challenges as we go forward. And in addition, you've got some labor pressure being impacted in Europe as well that's impacting the business. Specifically, around eBay, we do have a resilient business, but however, general inflation does have a, I suppose, a mixed impact on our business because we lead into non-new-in-season items, that really just helped impact where consumers are looking for value, and we have a lot of pre-loved and refurbished items on our platform and that performance in Q4 was a great reflection of that. However, because of the macro challenges, we're not immune to the inflationary pressures on the discretionary consumer spending. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color in terms of how we think about the business.
Steve Priest: Good afternoon, Doug. I think at a macro level, I would say that we will continue, as we always have been to lean into the short-term to drive operational efficiencies through the likes of the structured cost program where we're going very deep on the organization, while at the same time continue to invest for the future for the long-term trajectory and growth of the business. In terms of the investments we'll be making in 2023 is continue the strategic playbook. It's continuing to invest in product that customers want to continue to invest in trust on the platform and then continue to invest in full funnel marketing in terms of making sure that we get the communication matters out to our customers. The 2% increase in year-over-year non-GAAP expense growth includes the 120 basis points of margin headwinds that we talked about associated with M&A and the eBay International Shipping program, and it's net of $100 million of the structural cost program that we've laid out. So if I stand back, we've got a couple of headwinds with those two items I've talked about. We're leaning in to drive cost efficiencies, and we're continuing to invest for the future long-term sustainability of the business.
Steve Priest: Yes. So Deepak, we've obviously gotten a very comprehensive Q1 guide. And as I mentioned earlier, because of the uncertainty still the dynamic macro environment, we've not given a full year guide at this point. With regard to the seasonality question that you had, that pertains to directional color associated with GMV. And so that's how I would sort of locate that. Specifically thinking about capital returns that we've laid out, just sort of taking a step back, in 2022, we returned $3.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks, which is 170% of free cash flow. As you're thinking about capital returns, we remain committed to the 125% of free cash flow target that we laid out at the investor event between 2022 and 2024. So we're sort of tracking above that. And as I think about 2023, our priority really to start with is going to be to be committed to offsetting dilution in terms of the such share count, while continuing to balance the capital needs of the business. We have lent in and done a 14% increase in the dividend from $0.22 to $0.25. But for me, our fortress balance sheet continues to be a key competitive advantage in this environment to enable us to continue to invest in the business. So I hope that gives you a little bit of color about how we're thinking about 2023.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Tom. So on authenticity, we're feeling great about what we're seeing in terms of the impact that it's having on customer satisfaction and the execution of it. If you think about it for those focused categories like luxury handbag, sneakers, watches, authenticity is what provides the game-changing level of trust. That's different in other categories. So in refurbish, for example, it's the two-year warranties and the 30-day hassle-free returns. And then something like P&A, we just launched this week Guaranteed Fit, which is really the game-changing level of trust, which is guaranteeing that, that part is going to fit your product, which is really key. The acquisition that we did recently with 3PM Shield, it's really a state-of-the-art market compliance capability that they've built using really advanced AI technologies to help keep prohibited items off the platform. And that's really just continuing the theme of building trust on the marketplace, and eBay as a trusted place to shop, which has paid massive dividends, giving us a great ROI from the investments that we've made to-date, and we feel really good about the progress and where we are.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Stephen, I basically would just point you, for example, the parts and accessories, right? What we're doing there is using our knowledge around fitments and all the investments that we've made over the last couple of quarters and being able to say, if you're looking on the site in parts and accessories, you're going to see these big green check marks, let's say, Fits Your Vehicle. And now with what we've released just last week, we're actually going to say it's guaranteed to fit. Think about that as like authenticity guarantee for vehicles. So, we're continuing to category-by-category, find the best way to improve that search experience. And something like refurbished it's certifying the quality of that refurbishment and saying we're going to stand behind that with a 30-day hassle-free return eBay Money-Back Guarantees. So, the combination of the great work that our search team does with AI to really drive more relevance on the platform drive better recall in our search results, et cetera, combined with the category-specific work that we're doing to really optimize that experience on a category-by-category basis, is really the intersection of those two. It's what's working out, I think, so well for us and why we're seeing strong numbers in the strategy and in the focused categories that we've rolled out.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Thanks, Mark. So on the ad side, like we said at Investor Day, we have line of sight to 3%, which we still feel great about. If you look at the performance, Promoted Listing Standard continues to be the workhorse of the product, and we're continuing to drive additional penetration there, hitting 2 million sellers and 700 million listings. But we're also excited by our new products. They once again grew 20% quarter-over-quarter and we're making it easier for sellers. I talked about Quick Setup, which makes it much easier to come into the program and use the program. And then we're working on things like multi-user access, which we just launched which enables more flexibility to actually bring in an ad agency to help you manage your ad campaigns. So I feel great about the potential there, growing 30-plus percent over volume and what we're seeing. On the focused category side, been really happy with the performance of the marketing spend. If you think about it, we've shifted our model from being really kind of lower funnel optimization to doing more full funnel. And that's driving more enthusiast buyers into the platform, and it's allowing the overall spend to work a little bit harder. But at the same time, it's really allowing us to bring buyers in and then leverage them across multiple categories. So if you think about like a sneaker buyer, they will come in and buy $450 in sneakers, but then they'll buy $1,900 in other products in other categories. A handbag buyer will buy $2,500, but then spend $5,000 elsewhere. So when you look at the return on marketing spend, usually full funnel has a longer return on it, but we think it's the absolute right spend. We're seeing the right change in consideration and we're really driving, I think, the unique value proposition that we have to offer at eBay. So, you're going to continue to see, just like we've done in parts, really specific marketing tailored to those enthusiasts with the right full funnel approach, because we like the performance of what we're seeing.
