Devin Wenig: So, let me take the SCO and structured data question. Maybe I'll go back in history just a second. We grew up as a marketplace and eBay looks at the world historically through listings rather than products. Listings have gave eBay a tremendous selection advantage, it’s why we have the most things for sale of any marketplace in the world, but listings are also transient, they come and go. They don’t have link equity and they are hard to attach content to. So if you go back over eBay’s history there is been a pattern of SEO disruptions across various search engines. We now believe that the state of our business and our technology is that we can maintain the advantage given to us by our marketplace business model, but include a structured data catalog which gives us persistence and link equity and makes our seller’s inventory more discoverable both on and off eBay. The way we are approaching that is, it is a deep transformation. It’s a multi-year process. We are approaching it by category, but horizontally, but also focusing on the vertical areas where we believe we can have the most impact early on. I would say we are off to a good start, but it’s an early start, and it will take -- it is a multi-year transformation. But we do know where we structured and cataloged our inventory. Those items are more discoverable on eBay and they are more persistent and generate more traffic through search engines and other digital channels. So we feel good about the approach, but it is not a short-term fix.
Devin Wenig: And Gil to your question about a sea of algo changes, we find out along with everybody else. We've heard what everyone has heard which is that recent changes will favor mobile optimized sites. All I would say and it’s a recent change, so it’s too soon to know fully what will happen. But I would say that we've been a leader in mobile commerce for multiple years. We've been working on optimizing our sites, our apps and our mobile properties for years. And a huge percentage of our business now, close to 40%, is mobile. That's $8 billion this quarter. So you would hope that any change that favors mobile optimized properties would ultimately help us. 
Devin Wenig: Maybe I will just add quickly, Health, philosophically we are very rigorous about how we deploy contra revenue and when we do. It is not part to grow any e-commerce if you use your balance sheet. It is hard to create value. And we are very tough on ourselves about when we deploy contra revenue, when we deploy deals, when we spend to acquire customers. It has to be because there is a customer lifetime value that makes sense that will get that second or that third sale that is not subsidized.  So contra is a lever it will continue to be a lever. But we are not spending simply to drive growth. We are spending to drive value and acquire in a healthy manner new customers.
Dan Schulman: Yeah, thanks for the question Carlos, appreciated. So you are right. It is a very exciting opportunity in front of us with a addressable market that is expanding dramatically for us. Cash is digitalizing, the world of money is digitizing. The way consumers manage and move their money is transforming technology platforms and fundamentally redefine that and merchants are moving towards digital commerce where they can use mobile to get ever closer to their customer, drive engagement, drive incremental sales. And I think that PayPal is very well positioned to take advantage of those opportunities. There are number of assets that we bring to that site from our brand to our scale, to our platform, to our service and I can talk about that in more detail later.  So what we have said is that we will grow our segment margins this year by 1% to 2%. We feel very comfortable with that. We feel very comfortable that with the operating leverage that we have in this business, in the cost action that I took earlier this year, reducing headcount to really focus our costs, as well as increased economies of scale as we grow larger, are going to allow us to grow free cash flow in a disciplined fashion and yet have the investment dollars to invest in the opportunities that we see ahead. As opportunities can be increased investments in our platform to speed up our ability to deliver capabilities, enhance capabilities, which you will see us rolling out even this quarter, going forward new markets that we move into. And so we feel as we look at our model, that we have the operating level to maintain consistent margins and invest to take advantage of the opportunities that we see in front of us and I feel comfortable with that as investment dollars. I’d also points out one other thing that Bod mentioned. He said PayPal is going to be extremely well funded on its balance sheet as we go forward with perhaps some approximately $6 billion of funding of cash on our balance sheet, enabling us to look at not just organic growth but inorganic growth as well.  And so when I look at all those things together, I feel very comfortable with the guidance that we've given and the investment opportunities we see. 
Dan Schulman: Yeah. Eric thanks for the question. We are very excited about the Paydiant acquisition. Paydiant is not necessarily a name that lot of people recognize from a brand perspective, but very leading merchant in the country sure do recognize it. But it is a mobile base platform that provides merchants who want to write their own applications to engage and connect with their customers, to use that underlying platform to power those applications, whether that be through rewards, through payment processing or through QR codes at the point of sale. When you combine the Paydiant platform with our platform at PayPal you have probably in my estimation the world’s leading mobile payments platform and as I mentioned as the online and the offline world continue to coverage together, driven by the confluence of mobile at the heart of that. The Paydiant acquisition enables us to move much more aggressively into that converged space, so into that offline space. It also provides on the consumer side the ability to utilize things like private label cards, rewards. So it’s kind of a host of capabilities that supplement what we had on the PayPal platform. So for both merchants and for consumers it was an acquisition that enabled us to more aggressively and more quickly address that expandable market.
Dan Schulman: So maybe I can start and turn it over to you Devin. So thanks for your question Gil, its insightful. So the first thing that I'm just going to take one step backwards and tell you as you probably have seen is we've kind of reorganized PayPal around merchants and consumers. And when we did that we put Bill Ready in charge of the merchant segment.  Bill as you know was the CEO of Braintree and what we really did by putting that together is really combine the Braintree platform and the PayPal platforms much more closely together so that we are able to being able things like One Touch not just on full stack integrations and on mobile, but into the PayPal base. We think that the world is moving increasingly towards mobile payments that we have with the combination now of Paydiant, Braintree and the PayPal platforms, the leading mobile payments platform in the world. We did over a 1 billion mobile payments transactions last year. You heard that this quarter you we’re up 40% year-over-year. We are taking things like One Touch and we want to put it right into our merchant onboarding process that we have for PayPal. And so we are taking the things that we've learned through both Venmo and Braintree, putting them together with some of our other acquisitions to provide to our PayPal embedded base, not only the services that you see now, but services that we will introduce even as of this quarter that will take us to a whole different level as a result of that integration together. That’s question number one that you asked and I feel really about that and excited about it. Number two was on NFC and I do I feel like NFC is embedded enough to go after, we are obviously doing trials around NFC ourselves at this point. But I think the real key and the thing I believe in is that any great open technology payments platform has to have its heart, this idea being technology agnostic at the point of sale. Even though NFC is beginning to gain some momentum, it’s still probably 2% to 5% of the point of sales terminals out there in the marketplace, maybe more on a transactional basis. But it’s a small part. And I have seen many a times where we think one technological standard is going to emerge and it’s eclipsed by something else.  And so what I would like the PayPal platform to be and what we are building towards and have a lot of capabilities already, is the ability to be able to utilize your mobile phone, but not just via NFC, but QR codes, Bluetooth, HCE, really depends on what the merchant has upgraded towards. I think if you bet on a single technology, it’s a risky proposition and it takes a lot longer to move into the marketplace. The second thing is I'm a big believer that you don’t want to just enable a form factor change. We don’t want to just substitute a card swipe for a phone tap; you really want to think about what is the value proposition change that you are going to do. How can you with that phone tap enable a merchant to get ever closer to their consumers through rewards loyalty, couponing offering and associate that with the payment choice of type a consumer wants to pay with, whether it be a debit card or credit card, private label, Bill Me Later, whatever it may be, that's what we want to provide. And so you are seeing us look at our platform and our goals are to be the world’s largest open digital payments platform. And to do that we have to build with those tenants in line. 
Dan Schulman: So in terms of your question, I think first of all, if I say we are operating in an incredibly healthy, growing dynamic market in itself. Online is still exploding. It’s -- what is it 10% to 12% of overall commerce right now, growing at double-digit percentages. We've got165 million consumers but they are huge swaths of the market where we are not even present right now. And you can be sure that we are looking at that, because I think there is tremendous opportunity for us to take advantage of this online growth that's going on all over the world right now. At the same time interestingly you see retailers and merchants starting to think about how can they use mobile to dramatically change the way that they interact with their customers. And I call that really sort of digital commerce, how can retailers more personalize the experience per customer when they walk into their store, and mobile can enable that. But it’s difficult to do that. The merchant can certainly write the right application to talk with their customers, to engage with their customers. But underneath that they need a platform to power that. Whether it be to power their loyalty and rewards programs, to power any payment type that comes and we've talked about recently this vision of us becoming much more of a partner or retailers and becoming sort of what we call the operating system for digital commerce, to be able to enable them to move into this digital commerce world. The advent of Paydiant, Braintree and PayPal call coming together is a real head start for us moving into that. And it’s not so much that we want to move into the offline world, it’s that the offline and online worlds are moving that way naturally and they are moving that way through mobile. And that plays right into a strength that we have right now.  And I think that's one element and then on the consumer side, consumers are going to look to manage and move their money in different ways than they ever have before. Our transactions per active account are going up. The amount that people are spending with us are going up. We have a nice engaged base. But I believe that we can do so much more on that as we become a part of how consumers manage and move their money. We can move from being much more transactional and much more relational with them and that is our aspiration and vision on that. So I think a lot of opportunities in numerous places here.
