Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Doug. It's good to hear your voice. I hope you're well. First of all, on the -- thank you for also pointing out our $5.1 billion of cash and our really superb balance sheet position, we've worked hard to create the position we're in, and I think we are, looking forward, and as I sort f alluded to in my prepared comments, we are now coming through a period of uncertainty for all businesses, [either period or week] [ph] we are seeing greatly improved visibility going forward. So I think that means is though we have a good idea of what our future capital needs are, we're deeply confident in our underlying business and cash generation. So, as we look at our cash on the balance sheet we really think about balancing how to deploy that towards acquisitions, organic investments in our business, and capital returns to our shareholders. We don't have a formula in terms of how we would allocate between those categories, but we have, to date, bought back $900 million worth of our stock, which leaves us with $1.1 billion of capacity under our buyback authorization, which we fully intend to complete. To your second question, the Tubi total time spent viewing, in September alone was 220 million hours viewed. Thanks, Doug.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Alexia. Let me address the second question first. Obviously we're not going to get into the detail of our NFL negotiation, but as I previously mentioned, the NFL, and on earlier earnings calls as well. The NFL along with, obviously, Major League Baseball, remains amongst our very top priorities, and really our number one programming partner. It's been a partnership that's gone back 27 years. We look forward to continuing that partnership, and you can see it in our ratings. While NFL ratings have been soft this year because of a number of factors which we believe are unique to this particular year with sports -- premium sports moving all to the fall, creating a more crowded marketplace for sports fans. And also with, frankly, the news cycle, where we've seen news viewing, you have to remember that the news audience and the sports audience, particularly the NFL audience has a tremendous overlap. Cable news viewing I think is up 46% during this NFL season. So we think some of the softness in the ratings is unique to this season, and because of that we're confident in the partnership -- in our partnership with the NFL going forward. In terms of Tubi, as you see fragmentation in the linear television market, particularly in linear entertainment. Tubi is the beneficiary of that. Tubi sits on the other side of that ledger, which is gaining audience and users from linear television markets. So think Tubi has a lot of tailwinds behind it, and we're excited to report on its milestones as they are achieved, and going forward.
Lachlan Murdoch: And then to your second question, Michael, as far as the impact on FOX News of the presidential election, of course it's been a, to date, an incredible news cycle throughout the election, but also through the other incredible news stores and massive news stories throughout the year, obviously COVID being the main one. We see as we -- and by the way, that's driven ratings, it's driven revenue. I think FOX News advertising revenue is up 36%, which is a tremendous result, but as you look at our audience, and you look at our ratings you have to look at -- and this is true for the whole news ecosystem, you have to look at it in two different ways. One is the total news audience and the appetite for news and the second is share. The first, the appetite for the news and the news cycles, the news stories that are out are sort of out of our control, and I would expect as we enter a more normal news cycle, which has to happen eventually, that appetite for news will shift back to appetite for the great American pastimes of watching football, and watching baseball, and watching The Masked Singer, or I Can See Your Voice, and we look forward to that shift. Having said that, what we can control within the news ecosystem, what we aim to control is share, and I strongly believe, and we've seen this through I think now 18 years, off the top of my head, of different administrations and different political cycles, we've maintained our number one position through all of that. So I think that answers the first part of your question or give you some insight on how we're thinking about the first part of your question. So the news cycle will moderate. We fully expect to be number one, and maintain share through that. I think the second part of your question, Michael, was around new entrants and competition into the news environment. We love competition. We have always thrived with competition, and we have strong competition now. I would say the only difference today versus some years ago, as our audience has grown and our reach has grown, we see our competition as no longer only cable news providers, but also as the traditional broadcast networks, and as you know, FOX News has been the number one network, including broadcast networks now, as I mentioned, through from Labor Day through to Election Day.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you. Thanks very much. So our FanDuel option this is an easy answer and a quick one. We have a 10-year option to acquire 18.5% of FanDuel. We think it's a huge opportunity. We think that option today has tremendous value, and we work on literally a daily basis with Flutter to both increase the value of FanDuel and also increase the value of FOX Bet and Super 6, our 50-50 joint venture with them. So our excitement about the space in sports wagering is unabated, but with the nature of a long-term option, we would wait until an appropriate time to exercise that option, and you wouldn't expect us to do that in the near-term.
Lachlan Murdoch: Sure. So, first on Fox Bet, I think I know wagering has exploded during COVID and stay-at-home. People who -- and particularly as -- well, while sports was in a hiatus, gaming was growing strongly, and as sports came back, sports wagering grew tremendously. So, if you look at the trajectory of where that industry is going and particularly as states incrementally or consecutively open up to wagering, this business remains a larger, and larger opportunity for us. However, Jessica, as you'll remember, the structure of our partnership with Flutter is that they control the FOX Bet business today, and they fund the FOX Bet business today as Fox Corporation is not a licensed entity. Having said that, we work with them incredibly closely in terms of the promotion of FOX Bet in order to grow the value within that joint venture. The second part of your question on Tubi, we are now -- and we have now for several months selling Tubi -- and I should have actually also spoken to this with Alexia's question, we are selling Tubi in every single one of our conversations with our advertising partners. Tubi increases Fox's reach by over 20% and it's a young and diverse audience which is unduplicated, or largely unduplicated part of the Fox audience. So, every time I talk to Farhad, which is very regularly, there's a new daily revenue record that he hits, which is tremendous to see, and look, to be honest, we're only at the beginning. So, when we think of both the key metrics of time spent viewing, total users, and as importantly or maybe most importantly, revenue, Tubi consistently and continually is exceeding every expectation in our acquisition case.
Lachlan Murdoch: And then, just before I touch on Sunday Ticket, I think one of the unique elements of this political cycle Ben is the growth in national political advertising as Steve mentioned. In prior years, political advertising has been almost entirely local, and the growth in national political advertising, particularly on FOX News but also importantly in sports, has been a new and I think a -- very positive development, and it goes obviously also to the quality of our audience. That also by the way has the impact usually on -- I think usually -- Jessica asked the question about the advertising market, but -- I suppose there were more important things to discuss, but what the robustness of the political market has really done is really drive our scatter pricing up. As advertisers have scrambled to find time, scatter advertising across local stations, across sports, across news and across entertainment is up strongly. We took the strategic decision to hold back a little bit more time than we normally would in our upfront negotiations, about roughly 5% more time we held back for scatter, and that bet is paying off handsomely. As we move on to Sunday Ticket, Sunday Ticket is a tremendous consumer offering. It doesn't work I think without a subscription, under anything other than a subscription model. So, it's not really something that we would consider or have the business model to monetize, but thank you for the question, Ben.
Steve Tomsic: Let me, Michael, just in terms of expenses, listen, the impact of COVID is getting harder and harder to split out because you just don't know where the advertising would have -- it can affect you on the advertising, but if I just look at expenses and really just try and isolate for things that have been scheduled out of Q1 into Q2, Q3, Q4, I'd say that we benefited from about $270 million -- $280 million of expenses in Q1 that will shift into the back-half or the back three quarters of the year. You'll have a reasonable concentration of that hit Q2 because it's when you'll have a heavy concentration of both NFL and college football, and then we'll see the entertainment hit, largely, Q3 and to Q4.
Steve Tomsic: Hi, Michael, it's Steve. In terms of the affiliate, if I look at it sequentially the biggest driver was just the subs were a little bit better versus Q4. So, Q4 as Lachlan mentioned versus Q1 this year with 50 basis points to the better. There's a couple of small things in it, we are lapping -- last quarter where we were out there with these personal period of time. This quarter, we had no Keep Americans Connected sort of accrual in the numbers. It's more underlined than it is any particular one-offs.
Steve Tomsic: Hey Ben, I'll take the political advertisement. It's been a month to quarter and a month to half quarter. The good thing about this cycle is it's not just been a local story; we've been looking significant amount of national political revenue. So, for the quarter, we did a shade under 100 million across the group of which 70% of that was local, and then, when we look at it across the first-half, so July 1 through to today, we have plenty of skills under the next earnings call, we'll push close to $300 million of ad revenue, political ad revenue for the full six months, of which about just north of 200 will be local. So, it's been an enormous quarter-and-a-half for us.
