Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Robert. So, obviously we're still -- engagements of our arbitration with -- really based around the structure of our option into FanDuel. So that -- and we expect that, that arbitration to sort of conclude through the middle of the calendar year, sort of in the summer, late summer. And we can't really say much more about that. But, overall, the operations of FOX Bet starting with -- as I talked a little bit about in my prepared comments, starting with FOX Bet Super 6, we've been incredibly pleased with our ability to drive our engagement with our sports viewers in FOX Sports, into FOX Bet Super 6 then ultimately into FOX Bet, where it's operational, it has been sort of proven as we continue to execute on that strategy. Our only frustration is that we've only been launched in four betting markets or four states, and obviously, we'd like to see that increase significantly as we roll out FOX Bet. Having said that on the other side -- on the other side of the ledger, in the traditional business in the local television stations, FOX Sports wagering revenue is our leading category of growth, and really is significantly driving the revenue increases across our station group, where wagering is legal. I think for the -- we're pacing up over 100% in the sports wagering category today. So, we're very pleased both on the FOX Bet side where we have operating betting businesses, but also on the advertising revenue side.
Lachlan Murdoch: We're at the lower end of the range in the 200 million to 300 million, I'm going to let Steve answer that.
Lachlan Murdoch: Yes. Yes. And we are limited in structure to some extent because of the licensing rules. And I think I said in the last call, we're actively exploring, getting licensed, not to operate a book, but actually to potentially sort of maximize the value that we can capture in this space. So, it's something that we continue to explore. In terms of the upfront, as a -- as an overall comment, what you're seeing, I think across the marketplace is a softness in entertainment and scripted entertainment ratings, not just for us, but for all of the broadcasters. And you're seeing -- due to that softness, you're seeing major advertisers and marketers start to look at where they can capture their consumers in other places, and the -- where they're flowing to, where their dollars and marketing focus is moving towards, quite strongly is live news and live sport, and to a large extent digital, which we're utilizing to be extraordinarily well. So, when we think about the [indiscernible], when we think about that -- sort of selling season, it's early May, we leave the upfront. But between now and then we're having a majority of our conversations and with our partners will be selling as I think others will our entire portfolio of asset. So, we'll be selling the entertainment network, news, sports and Tubi in a very integrated fashion, really designed to capture our marketing partner serve money and the advertising dollars in the most efficient way. And I think we are uniquely positioned because of our leadership across new sports and digital with Tubi.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you, Michael. So, I'll let Steve answer the second question on the savings. But as regards to first question, we are today, this morning focused very much on broadcast television, and how we monetize our investment in sports and our sports partnerships, is really fundamentally through our partnerships with cable operators, satellite TV operators, and our local affiliates. And so, from a live sports broadcasting perspective, and it's different with some obviously, pinion [ph] and sort of shoulder programming, but from a live sports perspective, we see -- we continue to see the best way to monetize our investment in sports is clearly through our partnerships with our affiliates and our distributors. So that's our focus today. I'll let Steve answer the savings question.
Steve Tomsic: Yes. So, John, we said so far this halfway sort of approaching nine digits on that investment. So, we'd expect to have a little bit more back waded in the second half. But as I've sort of pointed out in the prepared remarks, I think, likely to be closer to 200 million and 300 million for the full year from a pricing perspective on those digital investments. Probably the most sort of the focus of that investment in the back half of the year will generally be around 2 weeks. So that's what you should expect to see that in the TV segment in the second half. And then in terms of Hulu Output deal, it's a good one, but it's relatively small. It's an Output deal for Hulu to stream out of season episodes of FOX unscripted and animated series. So, it's things like, I Can See Your Voice, The Masked Singer, The Masked Dancer, in case you missed that, and animated comedy from Bento Box HouseBroken. So, I think it's something we're very happy with and happy to continue our really positive relationship with Hulu. 
Steve Tomsic: I think that in terms of deploying capital the optionality we have with the option structures gives us time to see how the markets develop their relationship with Flutter develops before we actually need to deploy that capital.
Steve Tomsic: So, Jessica, as I've mentioned in the remarks, within the $200 million to $300 million that we called out the year, USFL will be part of that and it'll be a sort of low to mid tens of millions of dollars EBITDA negative for us this year.
Steve Tomsic: Yes, Mike, so the $350 million to $400 million still a good number for us for next year in terms of net EBITA impact of losing Thursday Night Football, that includes the reinvestment in the slot. So, whatever we decide to put into that time, time slot in the schedule is in that $350 million to $400 million. So, it's a net to us, a net good guide to us next year. Obviously, part of that gets absorbed the following year with the increased [indiscernible], the new NFL contract. But all other things being equal, you should see that $350 million to $400 million flow to the bottom-line next year.
