Chase Carey: I guess on the BSkyB proceeds, yes, I mean we do expect those proceeds in, I guess, the next week or two weeks. But it isn't going to dramatically – drastically change our plans. I mean we are, as John said, we've got the buyback in place, we're on course for it. We recognize we'll have excess liquidity that will result from this. And it hasn't changed our longer-term goals that we think is the right place to get to. We recognize we won't be there at the end of this buyback, but we will continue to work to get to the place we think we should be. And that's going to be through the combination of initiatives that we've talked in the past, investing in our core businesses, returning capital to shareholders. And we will do that – continue to do that over time. In terms of demand for product, I think the film demand, we feel really good about it. I mean, certainly internationally, you continue to see growth, and even domestically. I think the place – I mean, there's been a lot written about box office this year. But I think if you look at sort of the demand in digital, I mean, probably one of the more exciting arenas for us in the film business in the U.S. has been the really pretty dynamic growth in the digital and home entertainment space. And I think that will continue to build and we've been excited about the digital HD initiative we had to put our films out in a new window a bit ahead of DVDs. And we think that's a business we feel very good about. It's obviously, beyond just the year we've had, we think film business continues to have real demand around the world.
Chase Carey: I mean, I guess actually realistically, the RSNs are not different than any other channel we have, and we are engaged with – there are a lot of players who seem to be wanting to enter this space. We touched on a few of them. We are doing our own continued work and analysis on how best do we develop these opportunities and we're looking at it from all directions. And as we do, I guess, as I said in the opening comments, we're going to ensure that both individually and in aggregate, we develop these opportunities in ways that don't simply undermine our existing core businesses. And we think we have the breadth and strength of product to be able to do that. I think in many ways, as you look at some of these offerings, I think they'll, in many ways, likely reinforce the attractiveness of a bundle of content. And I think as it comes to sports, I think what you'll find is there's a reason sports has the highest cost. It's because it's the most important product, and it's the product people, first and foremost, want to access on these platforms. So I think we're going to – use the phrases disciplined and manage the trade-offs to make sure. We want to be proactive, we want to be – I think we want to be a step ahead, not a step behind of leading into developing these business models. But we think we have an array of content that are really fundamental to anybody's content experience and look to work with third parties as well as do our own work to figure out how do we develop these opportunities.
Chase Carey: And I guess I'll just add, one reality at Shine, because it is not consolidated, the profits of Shine won't be going forward. It won't be in the place. But again, as James said, I don't think we want to be locked in to any particular. We want to be opportunistic, and this is a way for us to really be part of a very unique globally leading production company. In terms of digital, look, we're looking at everything. When I said looking at it ourselves, I think what I mean is we're not just responding to third parties that want to put together bundles of products and offerings. We're making our own analysis what do we think consumers want. So I don't – it was not implying that there's anything imminent we're doing on our own. We're not going to be just simply reactive to what we think can – what should be the models out there for consumers in the marketplace. And I think we want to make sure we are proactive in forming our own judgments about what types of bundles and what types of offerings and what are the other ways in which we can create attractive offerings that are additive to our business as it exists today.
Chase Carey: Yes. And in terms of monetizing viewership across all these platforms, it's really, I guess, there are multitude of ways we need to pursue that. Some of its measurement, I mean, I don't, I think we all recognize that there are issues in terms of the quality and accuracy of the measuring devices today. I think it's an issue, I wouldn't say it's the issue, but I think it's a issue we need to deal with. We're still not measuring some of the mobile, the most obvious one, still not measuring viewership in that. We still only move from measuring three days to seven days. There's obviously a lot of viewership that happens beyond seven days. There are ways we need to make – create consumer experiences. I talked about VOD versus DVRs. One of the things we'd like to do is create a better experience for consumers that may have the opportunity to have messages in that, that they find more attractive and more rewarding than a DVR that we can shift viewership from a DVR to a VOD experience. That's a positive for us. We need to make these messages more interesting to consumers, more engaging to consumers. I think you find just simply giving them a choice between two ads makes it – makes them more engaged because they feel like they have some control over it. So it is really doing an array of things that we need to take advantage of, that enable us to monetize our viewership much beyond the traditional L plus 3 or L plus 7 business we have today. We are selling into some of these digital platforms, but clearly, we don't have them. But targeting another dynamic tools anywhere close to where we want to be. We’re really in the first inning of trying to develop that. Fortunately, I think there is a focus on it. We are starting to make some headway, but we have a long way to go.
Chase Carey: Yes. I guess I'd say on the broadcasting side, I mean we don't really – relative for this year and next, I mean I guess you can go back to 16, the assumption we had a year ago. We don't assume we're getting back to that. So whether it's other business that's covering it or using up a degree of what probably, I guess, I'd call it cushion that was in those numbers is probably the reality and, I guess, likewise for this year. I think we've made realistic assumptions for it, but they probably, given where we are today, assume a shortfall in the broadcast business against our expectations – it's covered by upside in other businesses for this year.
Chase Carey: In terms of data – developing the tools we need and the capabilities we need to really take advantage of the digital world, I mean the simple answer is, yes, we're doing a lot of it and we're doing it, I'd say we're still midstream – not even midstream, we are probably in the early stages of it, but certainly not just starting. And whether that's creating databases or technical capabilities, whether it's for ad sales or whether it's how we more effectively use our own time to promote, to market our own products, we're engaged with third parties that obviously bring us an array of expertise, both on how do we analyze data, how to manage data and third parties that bring capabilities in terms of a much more dynamic ad experience and messaging experience than we have in-house working with all of them that really figure out how do we develop these, certainly take time. But it's a priority for us to develop the capabilities to really take advantage. And look, we think our product is the product first and foremost that people want in all these platforms. And so it is, I use the phrase glass half-full, I think it really is a glass half-full, that there's a lot of upside for us if we can tap into and build those capabilities to better monetize our viewership while creating a better consumer experience. And so certainly that's a big priority for us going forward.
Chase Carey: I think in the issue of how do we think about the platforms that are ad-free, I think in many ways, you go back in what I was – we talked about earlier is – we need to make sure however we distribute our product, we're getting fair value for it. And I think as we look at – and obviously, we can get value in two ways. We can get it in advertising or we can get it through subscription fees or license fees. And through those combination of factors, we need to make sure we get fair value that realistically get ad-free platform, it has more value than an ad-supported platform certainly at this point in time. And that value, whether it's subscription fees or license fees, should be reflected in it. I think it’s important for us to continue to figure out how do we evaluate and engage with all these plays, I mean Netflix and Amazon are ad-free platforms. We license our product to it – to them. We think we get compensated. And I think it's important for us to be disciplined in our license fees to get compensated for an amount that recognizes that product is going to be displayed ad-free. I think in a larger context, we – I talked about the fact that consumers are clearly going to have more control over the experience and more choice over the experience going forward. We want to give those consumers – we want to find ways to give those consumers choices. Those choices just should be fairly valued. So if that means accessing content on platforms that don't have advertising then we need to get compensated through the payments that exist. If it's a dual revenue platform, we get compensated in a different way. So I don't think we want to – I don't think it – we'll look at it and say we're going to try and discipline the world to say every platform has to be an ad-supported platform. I think there are ways we can get properly compensated in value if it is a platform that doesn't have advertising.
Chase Carey: National versus local, I mean there are always differences. Some of it, I wouldn't say they're dramatic differences, I mean certainly right now, you have different political swings locally where in some places you had politics playing up a large role and in other places, a very limited role, national side of that clearly being different. I think different advertising sectors probably buying a bit, given I think there's some advertising sectors, electronics and the like that are more geared to national buying than local buying. And I wouldn't say they are dramatically different – dramatic differences today between sort of the national side and the local side.
Chase Carey: On the auto category? The auto category, probably today is one of those that has probably been a bit of a disappointment. Auto sales have been great and yet it seems to be a place where the auto advertisers are – certainly, year-on-year, the category is down and they're keeping – it seems like they're keeping more of the money in their pocket. Hopefully, some of it comes back into the market, maybe with fresh budgets or the fall, but – or the holiday season, but the auto category for the strength of the auto market, maybe there's – it's not been a strong category year-on-year.
Chase Carey: I think that's an issue that realistically we are very much in the midst of evaluating and analyzing and I think there's a real question as you get these digital platforms where, again, consumers have more control, what's the right way to approach it and are you better off with sort of premium advertising with more capabilities that may have less volume than – linear I think there's a honest argument to sort of say you look at the ad load that exists in our traditional business and it's pretty heavy. And clearly, I think one of the things that makes the DVR appealing is the ability to not just control what you want, find what you want, but to manage your time in terms of the advertising that's there. And so I think there is a question of do we – are we better off getting premium dollars by creating different opportunities for advertisers and different experiences for consumers? And people have these studies sort of saying you can watch a large ad break or you can watch a short ad break and at the end of it, interact with – answer a bunch of questions about product. That's a way to create a different – and then just one example, but there are array of examples that we can use to try to create different experiences for consumers that would monetize this in new and different ways.
Chase Carey: I guess what I really mean is – I mean, the more you understand what the consumer wants to watch and what they like and obviously, gives us a lot of insight into creating a better experience. And whether that's programming or trying to suggest choices or even down to what sort of advertising and promotional messages are relevant to them, is all part of it. Certainly, one of the attractions with Hulu is it is the leading digital platform we have today that through which we're only obviously a part owner, but we have an opportunity to directly engage with the consumer, and there's no question the more we are able to directly engage with the consumer, understand the consumer, develop data and information about what that consumer likes and is interested and wants to do, the more we think we can make that a rewarding experience for the consumer and one in which we can create value out of it with our array of partners. So I do think we think the ability to participate more directly with the consumer, whether it's Hulu or others, and develop a much better understanding of our consumers and the type of databases we were talking about a few minutes ago and information and capabilities. Certainly with Hulu, we have a vehicle that's able to do ad targeting that doesn't require third parties. We're not sort of a step removed from the process of creating targeted ads. We can directly create a platform that enables us to target ads to the consumers in Hulu and that opportunity certainly exists in other over-the-top platforms.
Chase Carey: I mean, first let me be clear our regional sports business – regional sports network business for us is a great business. It has been one of the most successful and probably as important as any business we've had in many ways, has and continues to be, a real area of growth. And I think the reason is clear, at the end of the day, David Hill used to say that "sports are tribal", which ultimately means local. Local sports are the heart, in many ways, of what makes a community tick. We think these regional sports networks are great businesses. I think we've proven the ability to manage it. I think the fact that we have a breadth and depth of not just regional sports networks helps distinguish us from others in the business, but the fact that the regional sports networks are part of a broader portfolio of sports that cut across national networks and the broadcast network, truly enables us to create really clearly distinctive and unique opportunities for consumers to engage with sports across the board. We think this sports programming is going to get nothing but more important and more valuable in a digital world and we realistically feel great about it. I mean, I guess, I didn't see the DISH comment. I guess, it shouldn't be lost that they have a deal with Disney so I guess sort of saying – defending the reasons for doing a deal after you've already done a deal is probably a bit sort of self-justification as opposed to rationalizing something upfront. But we feel great about the regional sports networks in terms of value. Obviously I don't think you can generalize. Not every regional is the same and, obviously, not every national sports network is the same. Our national sports network continues to increase in value as we've added key rights to it. We think it is uniquely attractive to a large segment of consumers out there in many ways, must-have programming, when you look at the breadth of content that's going to exist from sort of baseball to NASCAR to soccer, to the UFC to golf to college sports, basketball, football. Uniquely important, we will value it fairly and accordingly. The regionals have played a different role in each of their local communities. And we feel very good about the future of each and we feel – while there's some linkage, clearly, I think as a whole, it makes us stronger, I think it is a one plus one is three to have the breadth of sports we have across the Fox Network, the FOX national sports networks and the regional sports networks. Each at the end of the day, while they are part of a larger whole, each appropriately stands on its own two feet. And we continue to be excited about it. And again, I think our track record in continuing to build them speaks for itself.
Chase Carey: It's not how we built these businesses. I mean, it's not how we built the businesses. We've done deals as recently as the last month and certainly that's not where we're going. If you’ve tiered these, they'd have a completely different cost and you'd have completely different proposition. It would be a very different consumer proposition and you'd be disenfranchising and in many ways obviously, it would cost a lot more if you tiered it and you'd be disenfranchising in many ways consumers who would say that's the most important programming in the bundle I've been buying. And that has not been again how we built it, and it's not the base around the business – the model around which we've continued to build it, and we continue to engage with our distributors and continue to build – we think this bundle as a whole, again, has real great value for the consumer to the degree you have noise around it. I think sports is a critical part of that bundle. I think if you started to unbundle things, you may well find the consumers wish for the days of the bundle that the real – the best value proposition for them is the ability to buy a breadth and choice of programming that includes sports. And that is certainly the path along which we continue to build our businesses.
John Nallen: Yes I think what we've indicated for the year, we expect high-teens growth, I mentioned that on our last call. I think you'll find the biggest step-up will happen in the third fiscal quarter, and that's most notably because of the sports cost at STAR for the Cricket World Cup.
John Nallen: So if I look organically, I'll give it both on domestic affiliate and domestic ad, which is really excluding the YES Network. So on affiliate, it would be low double digits. And on domestic ad, it would be mid-single digits organically which excludes the YES Network.
John Nallen: Let me cover your first two financial questions. On the international ad growth reported at 13%, it's about the same on a constant currency basis, and that's principally because the real big growth in the quarter on advertising was at STAR where the rupee really is unchanged year-on-year. And then for the puts and takes on the network, it's our best estimate, really, where we think the ratings will be, particularly on upcoming programming. We've got pretty well locked in, obviously, what we know at this point, so we've taken our best estimate right now as to what we think the upcoming shows will rate.
John Nallen: And Dan, to follow up on your question, yes, clearly, we made announcements in the last few days around programming that we're shortening or cancelling. So we'll absorb the cost of that in the quarter, but that's reflected in the guidance that we put together.
