Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you very much, Steve. As you know, we usually, after Steve's comments, we go straight to Joe and start the questions. But we have a breaking news, which I am in the spirit of being always open and giving our investors and our shareholders the latest news in the company. I'll go straight to this. I mean, literally, this is happening in real-time. We are pleased to announce that immediately following his playing career, whenever that may be, seven-time Super Bowl winner Tom Brady will be joining us at FOX Sports as our lead analyst. Over the course of this long-term agreement, Tom will not only call our biggest NFL games with Kevin Burkhart, but will also serve as an ambassador for us, particularly with the client and promotional initiatives.  We are delighted that Tom has committed to joining the FOX team, and we wish him all the best during this upcoming season. I am sure everyone joins me in warmly welcoming Tom Brady on board. Thank you very much. And with that, I'll hand over to Joe
Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you, very much, Ben. Look, I can tell you on the first part of your question that, like I said, we're incredibly excited to have Tom joining us. It's entirely up to him for when he chooses to retire and move into his, what will be exciting and stellar sort of television career, but that's up to him to make that choice when he sees fit. In regards to Tubi and the upfronts and how that plays into sort of how we position the Tubi business going forward and to when it returns to profitability, it's important to note that on Monday, when we are engaged in our upfront presentations, we've already spent several weeks engaging with clients and advertisers on upfront negotiations and Tubi has been at the forefront of all of those conversations.  I think our clients can see both the shift to AVOD and the streaming advertising. At the same time, they see the strength of where Tubi is positioned as a leader in that market. And then we're constantly on a regular sort of daily basis, balancing carefully the ad load in Tubi and the fill rate of that – of those advertising slots.  And as you know, Tubi has an incredibly intelligent ad tech that can do that dynamically viewer-to-viewer, customer-to-customer. We can dial that up or dial it down really as we see fit, but we think it's important that this early life cycle of advertising video-on-demand services to maintain the highest sort of quality viewer experience and kind of consumer experience on the service. So we're pleased with where that is. But really, it would be up to us to be able to increase that ad load and drive revenue and bring it back to profitability, which, as you know, Tubi has been profitable in past quarters. But as of today, the right strategy and the right way forward is to continue to carefully and deliberately invest in the growth of Tubi, which I am – which we think is going to really be the leader in advertising video-on-demand certainly in this country.
Lachlan Murdoch: Sure. Thank you, Jessica. I am not sure if there was two questions or seven, but they are always good questions. So, thank you very much. 
Lachlan Murdoch: On the outlook, so I think I'll remember to advertise – to answer most of them as I go through this answer, but from a advertising perspective and particularly heading into these upfront negotiations, we're already in the upfront season, but as we get to the pointy end of that that season, we're seeing really solid demand across our businesses. In pricing, entertainments seeing pricing in the sort of high-single-digit, mid to high-single-digit sort of range above last year. But in Sports News, as you said, we are very well positioned. We are seeing sort of our pricing in sort of mid-double digits. So sort of the mid- to high teens pricing increase is driven by demand across some live sports and live news. So, as we – that gives us a great deal of confidence as we move into these upfront negotiations. You add to that, obviously, the inclusion of Tubi with 50% growth in DVT time and engagement. It's a really strong position to be in. Our sports properties are driving and that our must-have sports tent poles this year are really driving a lot of interest from our clients. If I could give one word of advice, which I wouldn't do, but if I can give one word of advice to our clients and advertising partners, it's getting in early because these – some of these key events are selling extremely well already. So, we fully expect to see sort of continued advertising strength. That's without even talking about the mid-term election cycle, which by all estimates will be a record mid-term cycle for us. We keep a close eye on the races in all of our markets and it's pretty amazing to see where we have not only tight races, but also contested primaries pretty much across the majority of our owned and owned stations. So, we think the coming mid-term elections will be – will really be an advertising boon for us, as well Moving on to Pay TV pricing, well, from – frankly, from both an advertising point of view, which is incredibly strong with the strength of FOX News, and I spoke about it a little bit in my in my earlier statements, the strength of FOX News, but also the strength of FOX News and the station group from our retransmission and distribution revenue point of view really has never been stronger.  FOX News is effectively competing with the free-to-air broadcasters in terms of audiences. It's actually usually beating, many nights of the week sort of beating broadcast networks and we expect our pricing power to continue to strengthen with performance like that. So, yes, I think I've answered most of, if not all of your questions, Jessica. But in short from both from an advertising perspective and from a television distribution or retransmission revenue perspective, we think we're well positioned, particularly in a year or a cycle where we're coming up to, I think, over the next two years, two-thirds of our distribution revenue coming up for renewals.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you very much, Doug. So look, we see the level of investment this year in our digital properties, and that's Tubi, but it also includes FOX Weather and FOX Nation and some other smaller – small elements. We see the current level of investment at the appropriate level, going forward. So that's in that that we've guided the market between $200 million and $300 million that we're putting back into investing, into growing those businesses.  And we would not expect any kind of significant level above that on sort of our current plans. And we think that level is a right amount, particularly with an asset like Tubi that there really is really going to be the future of how people watch television in this country. We think, when you look at Tubi, it's interesting, I looked this up the other day.  But Farhad really began Tubi or the early version of what ultimately became Tubi with an ad tech business over 11 or 12 years ago. And that ultimately evolved into Tubi as he understood the value of taking his intelligent ad tech business and then – and actually licensing programming along with that to monetize that programming most efficiently.  And as I said before, it's great to have the Tubi team as a company really focused on the technology side of this business and understand how they drive engagement and drive viewing, which is very different from what an older sort of media model or viewer of it would be. So, because of that and because of the long track record, the lead time they have, the fact that they've been doing this a long time, we think it's really poised to continue to win in the market and that level of investment is the right level to help it as you've been.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks very much Steven. So, in terms of our sports wagering strategy and business, we are – we remain in arbitration. And we expect in the summer that that arbitration to be resolved if not sooner and there is not much more we can say about it. But it's been, as you know, a long and sometimes arduous process. But the most important thing to remember, I suppose is the value of the business that we've created and the value of that sort of top of the funnel with FOX Bet.  Super 6 in particular, a free game with $6.6 million, I believe, now and we're in a traditionally, a quiet period for sports rate and particularly around, obviously, with no football. And so, the FOX Bet businesses continue to do incredibly well and continues to be able to drive wagering customers into paying games. So, we're incredibly pleased with how we've delivered operationally on our side of the partnership. So we look forward to the end of arbitration and moving forward with our wagering strategy. In terms of sports rights and whether we would – whether they remain on linear, our own sort of owned sort of linear platforms, absolutely. We think that our key rights deserve the right, the ability to stay on our broadcast and cable networks exclusively. This is very important to us. It both gives our league partners the most breadth and reach that they can achieve in viewership for their fans, but also it's really key to our distribution strategy.  It's how we will deliver industry-leading distribution revenue gains by keeping the highest quality exclusive content within our platforms, as I said, exclusively. And sub-licensing those to others or to put behind a struggling payroll would not be the right strategy.
