Steven Tomsic: Yes. So Michael, on Cable, I think, as we mentioned at the Investor Day, the way we see affiliate, we see it in the [ rounds ]. So the split between Cable and Television, the -- is less relevant to us because we negotiate all the contracts in one bulk group. And so we would -- we finished Q4 versus Q4 with a plus 7% growth rate across the whole estate, and so we would anticipate that sort of growth rate at that level or above into fiscal 2020. The reason why Cable had sort of reduced sequentially over the quarter through the fiscal year is just comps just lapping deal maturities. And so as we go into new deals, the focus obviously will be in getting a greater share of fair value on our retrans. So you'll see a disproportionate level of the forward growth still being with -- in the Television segment as opposed to the Cable segment. 
Steven Tomsic: And Ben, just to pick up on that, it's a pretty good spread where we get our digital advertising revenue from across FOX News, the entertainment side of things, both directly, and by Hulu digital video views as well as FSGO. So it's a good spread from where we get it from, but we think that sort of the tip of the spear in terms of growth will continue to be FOX News going forward. 
Steven Tomsic: Yes. And just I think that the ramp of it, Jessica, really is dependent on the state-by-state legislation and having that open up or liberalize. And so that really drives the actual sort of operationalization of that within the joint venture in terms of opening up that state access. But in the meantime, we obviously have a partnership with brand royalty and all the rest, that will have a modest positive impact on our P&L through the course of this year. 
Steven Tomsic: Thanks, Doug. So on free cash flow is, I think, 85%, probably a bit toppy from what we expect to convert this -- in the current fiscal year we're in. And the thing that will be a bit of a drag versus where we have been over the last quarter has been essentially the buildout of the Phoenix broadcast center, which I think I've said at the Investor Day, we expect CapEx to be sort of low to mid-single-digits of the revenue, and this will put us at sort of the higher end of that. 
Steven Tomsic: And Marci, just on capital allocation. We're going to stay flexible. We will be balanced, but we're not going to have a strict percentage of free cash flow that's dedicated to M&A. We'll be looking at, let's say, just opportunities across organic M&A and also best use of capital in terms of returning an amount to shareholders and sort of review that periodically. The notion that we would dedicate x percent of our free cash flow is not the way we'd operate. 
Lachlan Murdoch: Great. And then on Credible, and I'm happy to talk about it, we, as a management team, are very excited, extraordinarily excited about the opportunity that Credible affords us. We look at it, and I think we've talked about this at the Investor Day and since, our key asset is not a skill set necessarily in selling advertising or selling affiliate revenue, although our teams are extraordinarily good at that and those are businesses that, as you've seen in these results, are performing extraordinarily well.  But really, our key asset, our key resource is the deep engagement that we have in news and in sport and in entertainment with our audiences. And as we grow our digital platforms out, we are seeing that engagement really importantly and critically extend from a linear, analog environment, to a direct digital environment, which affords us the ability to demonetize that engagement in new models.  So that really led us earlier this year to the Stars Group, where we decided with sports obviously entering the sports gaming market was a tremendous -- we see as a huge long-term opportunity for us, and the correlation between, obviously, the sports audience and this is -- should be obvious to most people between the sports audience and the sports-betting audience, is extraordinarily high correlation. And so you could say getting into the sports betting arena is a no-brainer.  Well, it's equally a no-brainer with Credible in the news category. If you look, and we've done a huge amount of research and due diligence on this over the last couple of months, if you look at our news audience, and I'm not just talking cable news, but importantly, the nearly 1,000 hours of local news that we produce each week, if you look at that audience, it correlates incredibly highly with Credible's target audience for their financial marketplace. Our audience in news, which is natural, skews slightly older. It skews towards homeowners, and it skews towards an educated audience. And these are all factors that people searching for mortgages, in particular, and refinancing loans skew heavily towards.  And so when we saw Credible, and we could see that by combining their service with our audience and our digital platforms, first, with FOX Business and then later through our other news platforms, we see a tremendous opportunity for it going forward. 
Lachlan Murdoch: On the digital advertising front, we're very pleased with its growth. We think we can aggressively push it even further. If you look at -- that's over 200 million unique users of our digital products and as I mentioned, sort of 10 billion views. If I take, for instance, just at FoxNews.com, we are now offering -- doing over 100 million page views per day. I mean yesterday, we did 90 million page views in a day, which was a slow day for us, Ben. But we certainly think we can monetize those page views. We built out the sites and the content more aggressively and faster than we built out our monetization of those views. So we expect to push them further. 
Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you, Jessica. So on advertising, look, we estimate this is the strongest advertising upfront in 17 years. So it's extraordinarily robust, our result we've had, certainly in both pricing and in volume. Pleasingly, the scatter market, since the upfront, has been even stronger, and we are in scatter doing double-digits pricing premiums to what we sold in the upfront. So -- which means, if you do the math, we are in the low 20s pricing in scatter over last year.  So -- and this is driven really across categories, so it's not one category that's driving it. We're seeing obviously the streaming platforms, where it started to take their advertising digital platforms. Pharmaceutical continues to be strong. They had a short pause as they worked out some regulatory demands around their advertising so that they weren't initially -- they were slow in the upfront and then came back in and strong, and they're particularly strong in scatter now, pharmaceutical. Finance has been strong. And even now, locally, and this goes partially to your second question, on a state-by-state basis in a couple of our local stations, notably New York and Philadelphia, we're seeing some of this gaming revenue begin to appear in a fairly significant way. So we think, from a gaming point of view, as more states legalize online gambling, that we have a tremendous revenue stream to us outside of the TSG partnership from just a local advertising point of view.  Also, obviously, in the Super Bowl, we started to sell the Super Bowl, and we're very pleased with the Super Bowl, both from a pricing point of view in terms of where we are versus our last Super Bowl a few years ago. Then your second question, Jessica, was on gaming and the TSG partnership? Steve, do you wanted to... 
Lachlan Murdoch: I should say, one of the things we're going to do is, as mentioned before, the football season begins, we'll be launching a national free-to-play game and which is legal across the country in every state. But certainly, we hope to put the brand out there and to begin to establish the business. 
Lachlan Murdoch: On the -- on Fox Nation, Fox Nation is performing really very, very well. It is still early days, having launched only this past November. But as a subscription video-on-demand service, certainly subscription is the first part of that name, and then so it's clearly a metric, subscribers, that we are watching closely. We haven't really spent any external marketing dollars on it. And the assumption that we will spend an appropriate amount of external marketing is within the EBITDA investment that Steve has spoken about earlier, and that will begin in the fall. The pleasing thing is, is that the conversion rate to trialist to paid subscribers is extraordinarily high, and if we can maintain that conversion rate while widening the funnel of our trialists in the fall, it will be an extremely successful business. 
Lachlan Murdoch: I'll answer the last part first, which is they're easier. But let me just -- but starting from the beginning. News ratings are softer when can you compare them year-on-year. Historically, though, I think they are still incredibly high. We are in an extraordinary news cycle. And so FOX News has lost less ratings or less audience relative to our competitors. And so we continue to be obviously #1 and expect to continue that run for quite some time. I do think, though, there probably is some news fatigue, but you ought to remember, this time last year, we were also in an extraordinary news cycle. We are incredibly pleased that the hard work of the people at FOX News has continued to keep their -- not only their prime time lineup, but their all-day ratings in the position that they are, even despite having some talent shakeup. So we are really pleased with the performance of FOX News.  In terms of sub declines, overall, we're seeing about a 1% aggregate sub decline. So that includes our kind of growing sort of smaller networks, such as Fox Sports 2 and BTN. So we're down in aggregate numbers of subscribers just about 1%. But if we look at the market and we have to sort of make estimates, if we look at the subscriber universe inclusive of the growth of the digital MVPDs, we think the market is down around closer to 3%. 
