Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Alexia. Hope you're doing well. So we are – Thursday Night Football, when we entered into that agreement some years ago, we were focused on building that brand for the NFL and really sort of increasing its ratings and its production quality, bring it back to one home, if you remember, it was split amongst a couple of different networks, and I think we achieved all those goals. But having that, it was expensive and Sunday afternoon football is really the home of football frankly for America and for Fox. So having the – securing the NFC package at an appropriate price for us was our absolute focus. By releasing Thursday Night Football are early – a year early that we have to. We're going to achieve roughly a $350 million to $400 million EBITDA positive impact in that fiscal year, which we think is important. And then invest in the NFL rights going forward, so financially, it was absolutely the right decision, and we're proud of how we've been custodians of Thursday Night Football over the last few years.
Lachlan Murdoch: No. Look, we're always keeping an open eye on sports rights and sports rights that become available. I think we look at everything, but we're very sort of financially disciplined with what we believe they're worth on our – certainly on our platforms and paying appropriate prices that are going to drive either our growth, whether it's from a subscription or retransmission point of view or an advertising point of view. But we continue to look at any significant sports rights that come available.
Lachlan Murdoch: Sure. So thanks, Ben. Thanks for the question. So first of all on Tubi, the programming strategy at Tubi is entirely as we've discussed and this is a critical difference between Tubi and certainly other subscription video on-demand services and the hybrid advertising into a subscription video on-demand services that we see our competitors operating. And the Tubi is entirely focused on total viewing time. And the reason we're entirely focused on total viewing time is because that translates directly into revenue. So the more we can grow total viewing time and this is as opposed to purely users or and as far as service subscribers, the more we can grow total viewing time, we can translate that very directly into increased advertising revenues. And so, when we look at our programming strategy, we're not interested in spending billions of dollars as the others are on sort of driving subscriber basis with very expensive programming. What we're interested in doing is very efficiently scaling our programming to drive our total viewing time. And we can do this because of the technology, we can really target specific genres and specific cohorts of our viewers to drive their total viewing time, and hence drive revenue. So it directly correlates with it, so we've had a record total viewing time in the last months and it completely correlates with having driving record revenue. So that's a business model and that fits into the – sort of the efficiency of our programming strategy. To the second question, in terms of where we moving money from one pocket to the other, absolutely not. I don't know, well, I'm sure you did have the opportunity to watch the Tubi presentation at the new fronts just a few days ago. What Tubi allows for us and frankly for any advertiser that's also advertising at broadcast, it allows them to increase their reach dramatically. The advertisers are trying to reach new viewers and viewers that don't traditionally watch broadcast, they're younger, they're more diverse, they really need to go to Tubi to reach those audiences that can't reach them anywhere else. So what that allows us to do is really expand both the amount of the partnership, the scale of partnership with our current advertisers, but also find new advertisers that we haven't enjoyed our relationship with before.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Jessica. I lost track of how many questions it was. So if you could – if I forget any, please remind me, it's good to hear your voice. So first on Tubi and I think it was the further investment in Tubi. We're really focused on being very efficient, being very disciplined around an investment in Tubi, while at the same time not losing sight of the immense opportunities that the Tubi is. I think we've designed our programming strategy and our marketing strategy around that. So a lot of the investment you will see will be accommodation of continuing to assign the revenue and what would have been sort of profitability of Tubi back into growing the business and adding some modest for capital in addition to that. So it's not a tremendous sized investment when it comes to sort of the scale of a Fox, but we think it's appropriate, given the opportunity that Tubi presents us. On Thursday Night Football, I think you asked what the effect on retransmission would be, the logic behind being able to release Thursday Night Football, not to follow it in the new deal and indeed to release it a year early is that we don't think it gives us incremental retransmission revenue above what we already get for the premium NFL package in the country, which is Sunday afternoon NFC package. So due to that, we can really save the cost of the Thursday Night Football package and invest further in Sunday, retaining all of our potential retransmission revenue through Sunday football. On sports betting, there was a couple questions, but I think the impact of sports betting and on the ecosystem sports betting in every market where there is licensed operators, they are spending heavily which is a terrific benefit to our station groups. We think this will continue. It's a very competitive market and this won't ameliorate anytime soon. And all the more reason why we consider further investment in Outkick is a great example is sort of a leading operator in both sports news and critically in sports opinion. You haven't seen Outkick or listened to any of its podcasts or radio shows or been through its website. You should, it's really a unique and special voice. And I think the one that aligns with the Fox audience incredibly well. So we're very excited to bring that team to be a part of ours.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Doug. Yes, look, a huge part for us, and I can't speak for anyone else, but of our negotiations with the NFL in particular, because this is such a long-term deal was making sure we had the flexibility going forward to monetize these rights in different ways. And it's hard enough to think or to predict five years or six years out rather than sort of 12 years or 13 years out. And so we made sure we had every ounce of flexibility within our rights package to be able to evolve our business model and monetize these rights going forward. Having said that, today clearly the best monetization, the best opportunity to monetize the rights are through broadcast television, both with our owners and our affiliates. And that's really where our focus is.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you very much. Look, I think our so-called legacy television businesses are all very healthy and we expect it to grow them significantly. But when you look at them from a point of view in terms of how we grow and how we – I think you used the word pivot, our business model going forward. You have to look at what they can offer in broader – with broader opportunities to monetize their existing content, right, and their existing genre of content. So if you look in the sports business, the sports business is really what's driving our wagering business, right, on our betting business. You're going to see us be really one of the major players, certainly from a media point of view in the sports wagering business in America, going forward, we're going to continue to exploit that marketplace and to grow in that marketplace. And that's really driven off the – our engagement with our audiences through our sports broadcasting business. We wouldn't have nearly the opportunity I believe in wagering, a stand-alone without coupling it with the FOX Sports and overall Fox brand and Fox audience. And this can be seen very clearly through our success with our FOX Bet Super 6. FOX Bet Super 6 in the last year, we grew very aggressively through marketing it across all of our platforms, FOX Sports, FOX Entertainment, FOX News. And we drove to over five million users. There was no other free-to-play game like that and at that scale in the United States and what that allows us to do with FOX Bet Super 6 obviously, is in the markets where we're licensed, drive that traffic or drive that sort of the widest part of that funnel into sports wagering and also the poker and casino businesses where they're licensed. So there's a tremendous opportunity there, but it's really because of our strength in our traditional sports broadcasting business. The same thing by the way is true at FOX News, we branded the FOX News business, FOX News Media, I think a couple of years ago. And that's really because you can't look at FOX News anymore as just a linear cable channel. The opportunities of FOX News to grow revenue beyond the impressive growth within cable is really through it's powerful website, it's podcasting, FOX Nation, new channels like FOX Weather. We're seeing a tremendous opportunities to expand its reach and the power of its brands.
