Steve Tomsic: First of all, in terms of the investment in the digital assets, our digital assets are growing very impressively. I think, this year, if we look at the fiscal year, we ended up at a $1.4 billion of digital revenue, which was up 44% year-on-year. So, obviously, we like these assets and we're going to continue to invest in them to continue to grow them. But I think we're doing so pretty prudently, sort of balancing the opportunity with the costs that we're putting against them.  Do we need to get bigger? We're always looking at how to grow both organically and inorganically. We don't feel any pressing strategic need to get bigger. We don't have any kind of holes in our portfolio, particularly when you look at our kind of strengths in live news and live sports. And now in entertainment, the strength in Tubi, and it's really pleasing to see how quickly Tubi has grown. So, we don't see a strategic need to grow defensively. If you look at the consolidation that's been happening around the industry, a lot of that is around subscription video streaming. And that's not a – and the desire to sort of acquire larger entertainment libraries and production capabilities, and that's not a – and that sort of scale, not a space that we need to be in right now. So, we feel pretty confident where we are, but we are pretty comfortable where we are, but we do continue to look at opportunities as they come up. In terms of the upfront pricing and I think you asked to go into some detail around it and current scatter pricing. Look, this was an absolutely historic upfront season for us, but I'm sure for some of our peers, as well as the ad market rebounded from the depths and the lows of the COVID-affected year last year. So, the comparisons are kind because of where we were a year ago. But having said that, all of our categories are up very strongly, with the exception of two, which are auto and telecom. And there are specific reasons around those categories. I know we've spoken on prior quarterly earnings calls about the auto supply issues they're having. But if you look at retail, I'm talking, Jessica, this is for our local business at the moment. So, the TV stations. Our retail is up like 10%. Entertainment, which includes that really growing and exploding wagering categories, is up 300% year-on-year, media up 43%, pharmaceutical up 25%, even travel which is a much smaller category for us locally up 76%. So, a lot of growth across the majority of categories, again, with the exceptions of auto and telco.  If you exclude political advertising, our sales are pacing up about 8% locally. So, we feel we feel really good there and, obviously, the momentum is – carrying the momentum into the new year. From a national point of view, so the upfronts were very strong. Pricing was all up over the 20% mark and then pushing into the mid-20s. And since the upfront, our scatter pricing is again up that much again and more. The NFL is selling very well. Major League Baseball is interesting as an aside. And I think this bodes well for the rest of the season and postseason. We have a Field of Dreams game next week. And that's set a record for a regular season baseball game. So, a lot of positive momentum across all of our categories, not the least of which is FOX News, which has shown very strong sales, with expanded demographics and, obviously, the digital platform as well.  So, we feel very good about the ad market and we think it's going to continue for some time. 
Steve Tomsic: Robert, just in terms of margin, listen, the biggest single cost of the business is obviously programming. And even with our steps towards original programming, the library is going to be heavily concentrated towards revenue share titles, both movies and series on that front. And so, therefore, it kind of governs a lot of your margin because that revenue share comes straight off of revenue and then you've got customer acquisition or viewer acquisition cost as well as technology. As you sort of call out the billion dollar target that we have, which is an interim target that we have for the business. It's almost like a market establishment phase for this business. And so, you shouldn't expect this business to be a margin contributed to us in anytime soon. We're going to continue to invest in it as we've called out on the call today, and that investment will go towards a sort of three core pillars, being content, user acquisition/marketing, as well as technology.  If you look at sort of the Tubi in the first three quarters of this fiscal year, it was virtually a push for us financially. So, we can almost dial up and dial down that margin as we see fit. But, certainly, our bias at the moment is to lean into investing in that business, which will mean it will be a drag on margin for the next year or two to come.
Steve Tomsic: Exactly. You're bang on. Really like single digits this year, mid-30s the following year. Then 2024, again, mid-30s, and then about a quarter the year after that. And remember that the 2023 renewals will largely hit us – will give us the benefit in terms of affiliate revenue growth in the back half of that fiscal year. 
Steve Tomsic: No, you're right. And I think you've got to look at content in two kind of buckets. There's the originals, and I think that's going to be modest from both a cash and P&L perspective, because you physically just can't ramp that up that quickly. And then the second piece with the content investment is just building that bigger library with licensed content. And so, that's going to come in the form of both revenue share deals and license deals, and the license deals will obviously have a P&L impact [indiscernible].
Lachlan Murdoch: In terms of the investment going forward, as mentioned in my prepared remarks, the big investment in terms of our – partially, in terms of our linear business from a technology point of view has been this Arizona play out and data center, technology center, which is now completed, and that brings us into – I think they are our best-in-class kind of infrastructure for all of our products. Obviously, that's built today to be multi-platform. So it's an investment both in the linear business, but also as importantly in the digital businesses as our digital business continues to grow.  The $200 million to $300 million that Steve has called out in terms of the investment this year, further investment in our digital assets is really split between – I think Steve mentioned Fox Nation, which is a subscription service, but continues to grow engagement, has really tremendously low churn and remains kind of a fantastic conversion rate from trial users to paid users of well over 80%. FoxNews.com, we'll continue to push into new verticals of content. They're planning and exploring content around sort of real estate, around cooking, around sort of some engaging games and crosswords and things as we drive the Fox News brand into sort of more lifestyle categories. And Tubi, I think we've addressed. So, those are the key areas of the investment this year, not the linear businesses. In AVOD, Tubi, in terms of how we price the upfront, I think the important thing for us – and I can't talk to our competitors and I wouldn't know – but the Tubi revenue in our upfront is entirely incremental, right? And that's really important. We're careful to not move revenue from one pocket to another and say, look at all the revenue we've been able to attach or push in Tubi. But Tubi revenue is entirely incremental to what we otherwise sold on our linear assets. And that's a really pleasing thing to see. Because of the way Tubi is structured with our programmatic advertising, in fact, we get a very high rate for our programmatic advertising on Tubi. And so, we were careful actually to constrain ourselves somewhat into what we sold into the upfront for Tubi because we feel towards – as the year progresses, we'll do extremely well through our programmatic advertising and the CPMs we get through programmatic. So, when we hit the triple revenue mark in the upfront for Tubi, we decided that was enough, we would stop there, and we would leave plenty of impressions for programmatic which I think is the right strategy for us.
Lachlan Murdoch: Steve, if you want to jump in on distribution. Steve can go through the detail. But fiscal 2023 and 2024 is about a third of our distribution kind of volume comes up. So, this year is relatively quiet compared to that, and then 30 odd percent or 33%, 34% of our deals come up in 2023 and then again in 2024. I don't know, Steve, if you want to add anything.
Lachlan Murdoch: Ben, you reminded us or me of the Investor Day, the original Investor Day we had, and I think we call it out there that we were going to increase our affiliate revenue in the television segment by $1 billion by, I think it was calendar 2022. And we're well on track to achieve that objective and that target that we set for ourselves back at that Investor Day. So, we're very pleased with that.  For Tubi, in terms of advertisers, Tubi is a very – it's not about – you don't sell these advertisers around sort of the mass scale. And so, I understand your point about some of the AVOD aggregators. But with Tubi, we have an audience that's younger, that's more diverse, that can be very targeted. We have very sophisticated advertising tools to ensure that advertisers and, frankly, the people they're trying to reach are not inundated with digital advertising frequently, right? So, we have these frequency tools that make sure that the advertising on Tubi is appropriate and that the viewer is getting a mix of ads served to them. So, there's a dynamic technology behind Tubi, which is very unique and very valuable to our clients.  We're also not duplicated. So, we have very low duplication, not only with the FOX Network, but also Tubi viewers are unlikely – a very small percentage of them are watching any other AVOD service. They are to a large part exclusive to Tubi. So, it really is a unique offering, an offering that our clients are seeing the value in.  And really, the proof is in the pudding. If you look at tripling the revenue in the upfront, and I think it was sort of doubling the number of top brands on the platform, I think the proof is in the pudding that the Tubi story and the Tubi sales story is really resonating with the top advertising brands and clients in the United States. 
Lachlan Murdoch: I think the first question or clarification or follow-up first, the answer is yes, that the Tubi investment is subscriber acquisition, marketing, which obviously feeds into subscriber acquisition, and technology spend. So, that's the majority of the investment in Tubi. Am I wrong, Steve? I hope not.
Lachlan Murdoch: I'm glad I was right on that. Look, on NFL, pre-sales NFL is selling very well. CPMs are strong, positive. And we couldn't be more pleased with the sales there. We think for a lot of issues in the marketplace, we think scatter pricing as well is going to remain a robust pricing through the end of the year just because of the availability of spots across the kind of television universe. So, we're confident in a very strong NFL year. By the way, I didn't mention this – it's not NFL, but on the sports side, the All Star game from Major League Baseball was a terrific revenue result for us nationally. But interestingly, locally, in Atlanta, we generated a really extraordinary amount of political revenue on that local station for the All Star game, which was obviously driven by the controversy around Major League Baseball moving the game from Atlanta, to Denver. And that political advertising was all focused on the midterm elections next year. And so, when we look at that, the lessons I think we're taking from that is that the next political season, the midterm season is going to be another record political season next year. It's not this year, next year, but we're going to see staggering amounts of political dollars flowing into these local stations. And we can see that from simply just the one example of the Atlanta station for the All Star game. On CNN, CNN+ I think it's called, look, we think it's a – what's the word when someone copies you, it's the best form of flattery. We think Fox Nation continues to grow. We think we're doing all the right things with Fox Nation. I talked about it before, but tremendous growth in the quarter driven off of clever acquisition and clever high quality programming. So, we don't see CNN launching into that space as anything other than am affirming of our strategy and what we're doing, really driving the engagement and the tremendously high engagement from FOX News into a paid for subscription service.  When we look at our competitors, we are heartened by their ratings trends. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we are now regularly beating both the combined ratings on primetime, and many times in all day, of CNN and MSNBC combined. If you take just last night as one example, ratings just dropped half an hour or so ago while we're on the call, in primetime, FOX News did 2.4 million on P2+. CNN under 750,000 and MSNBC under 1.2 million. So, you've got 2.4 million versus 1.9 million, 2 million. So, we beat them combined, plus with a margin of 20% or so. So, very strong ratings trends, very strong engagement with our audience. And that really goes through our whole digital strategy, how do we take that audience and take that engagement and expand it across multiple platforms.
