David Frear: Thanks, Jim. I'll be brief, and we'll open it up for questions. SiriusXM had its best quarter ever for the revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin. And with the help of an 83% free cash flow to adjusted EBITDA conversion ratio, we had our second best quarter ever for free cash flow.  Our results were are driven by the best third quarter for both total net additions and self-pay net additions since the merger of the 2 companies 5 years ago. Revenue in the quarter rose nearly 11% over the prior year to $962 million on 9.5% subscriber growth and 1.2% growth in ARPU. We continue to see stable trends in new car conversion and self-pay churn. We have been pleasantly surprised by used car conversion rates this year, used car trials from dealer reports, and self-identified used-car buyers have seen conversion rates in the low 30% and gross additions from subsequent owners are on track to exceed 1.5 million for the year. As Jim mentioned, with the strength of new car sales, we are raising guidance for total net subscriber addition, for the second time this year, from 1.5 million to 1.6 million while, at the same time, trimming self-pay net additions from 1.6 million to 1.5 million. With the continuing improvements in the economy and robust auto sales, we are seeing a larger number of subscribers selling their car and rotating back into the trial funnel. We are also increasing revenue guidance for 2013 to approximately $3.77 billion. Contribution margin rose 70.4 -- arose to 70.4% in the quarter, up 3 basis points sequentially and 6 basis points over the prior year. Fixed costs increased by 3.7%, but declined as a percentage of revenue from 26.2% to 24.5%. The increase in fixed cost was driven entirely by marketing cars associated with increased trial volumes and our increased subscriber base. Other than a small increase in satellite and transmission cost, all other fixed costs actually declined from the prior year. Subscriber acquisition costs increased 8.7% over the prior year, consistent with the general increase in auto sales, but declined from 15.4% of revenues to 15.1%. When you add it up, SiriusXM adjusted EBITDA margin rose to 30.7%, and we posted record adjusted EBITDA of $295.7 million in the quarter, up 21% over the prior year. Free cash flow grew nearly 26% to $245 million for the quarter and 42% to $624 million for the 9 months. With the stock buyback now over $1.6 billion and some 477 million shares, free cash flow per share grew 31% to $0.039 in the quarter and 51% to $0.097 for the 9 months. On the Satellite front, Sirius 6 is scheduled to launch tomorrow with 2 p.m. Eastern. A successful launch of Sirius 6 will complete our satellite replacement cycle and represent the beginning of a 3-year hiatus from satellite construction spending. SiriusXM has been delivering a great growth story, and this quarter was no exception: 11% revenue growth, 21% EBITDA growth, 26% free cash flow growth and 31% free cash flow per share growth. It's a growth story that will continue in the fourth quarter. We'll post our first $300 million adjusted EBITDA quarter in Q4 on the way to achieving our guidance of $1.14 billion in adjusted EBITDA, and we'll generate nearly that much in free cash flow on our way to hitting our $915 million guidance. It was another great quarter from a balance sheet perspective. We tapped the market at opportune times in August and September, raising $1.2 billion in 7- and 8-year notes to retire our 8 3/4% notes and 7 5/8% notes. In the last 15 months, we have effectively refinanced the entire balance sheet, pushing out maturities, easing or eliminating covenant restrictions and lowering the average cost of our debt from 9.2% to just 5.5%. Net of the retirement of the 7 5/8% notes, which will occur tomorrow, we have $3.2 billion in total debt, $500 million of which is a deep-in-the-money convert that comes out at the end of next year. Net of this convert, our leverage is only 2.3x our 2013 EBITDA guidance. We are underlevered relative to our 3.5x target and have plenty of liquidity to pursue acquisitions and continue our stock buyback program. As we announced 2 weeks ago and as Jim mentioned earlier, our board has approved a $2 billion increase to the stock buyback program. Through the first 9 months of this year, we have maintained the pace of roughly $500 million per quarter, finishing with cumulative repurchases of $1.6 billion, representing 477 million shares. The outlook for our business continues to be strong. As Jim mentioned, we expect 2014 revenues to rise to over $4 billion, EBITDA to rise 21% to $1.38 billion and, with growing free cash flow and a shrinking share count, we continue to expect robust growth in free cash flow per share. Operator, let's open it up for questions. 
David Frear: Okay. So on penetration rate, we're just a wee bit below 70% in terms of the incorporation rate, new car production. I think as we mentioned a couple of times on the call, the change in self-pay subs is the result of migrations of existing subscribers as they turn over their cars, probably not a big surprise that since our subscribers over-index higher income that they turn their cars over faster than general industry trends. And so as it's turning out, it looks like they're moving them. We anticipated that, but it looks like they're turning over cars at least, at this point in time, a little faster than what our expectations were. So effectively, it's like somebody upgrading to a new phone, right? They're moving from 1 car to another, but remaining as subscribers. So we just have the sort of migration effect out of self-pay and into trials. So that was the driver of the decline. Most of our self-pay subscribers come from auto sales, right? So really, to your final question, I don't think there's much distinction there. In terms of our guidance, the guidance we, for 2014, were providing this time is the over $4 billion in revenue and the $1.38 billion in adjusted EBITDA. Subscriber guidance will probably follow at the close of the year, as we traditionally tune up for the finish of the year, we look at the most recent forecast for auto sales and then finalize our marketing and retention plans for the year. 
David Frear: For a long time, data traffic has shown severely asymmetric patterns, and we don't think that's going to change going forward. So having an interactive -- effectively, an interactive request channel through embedded modems combined with an ample downlink channel is, we think, a very valuable asset to have in the automotive fleet. 
David Frear: Yes, sure. On the content differentiation, and as Jim has said, that we think long and hard about this, the content differentiation is pretty much the only reason why people are paying us at all because, as you know, all of the competitive services are free to the consumer. So the content differentiation is important, and Scott's team continues to do an unbelievable job creating a unique and compelling experience for our subscribers. In terms of what are we going to do with the expanding margin, well, I think you should expect us to continue to invest the way that we have been all the way along that in our results so far, you've seen us make major investments in the development and deployment of IP services, of telematics, sort of continuous generational change in the SDARS technology and in sort of better intelligence to help us manage what is outside of the cellular carriers, one of the largest paid subscriber bases in the world, so -- and we'll continue to do that, and we believe we can continue to make those important investments in the future within the margin expansion and are very confident that we're investing at a strong level to drive future services and still be able to hit the 40% EBITDA margins that we've given you for long-term guidance. 
David Frear: Well, HoldCo is not quite there yet. But -- and as you know, we haven't had a history of talking specifically to time frame. Although we have said many times that we have a 3.5x leverage target that if we look to that target, and look at everybody's model out there, so it gets you to the conclusion that we'll probably raise an additional $1 billion a year in net debt. But our free cash flow is clearly headed to $1 billion a year. And so when you look at what amounts to $2 billion of potential funding, where is the company -- what's the company going to do with it? If we don't have something to buy well, from time to time, we could, I guess, let cash levels build. I think it's likely that we'll choose to return that money to shareholders. 
David Frear: Well, let's really talk about the price increase. You got to remember that if the price increase on the basic package and the -- and there are a lot of packages that aren't affected by the increase, so it's -- I think that what we've said is that, over time, you should expect to see gently rising sort of ARPU as we maybe tinker with price here and there and continue our efforts to upsell. But at the same time, we continue to look at the introduction of lower-priced packages that may appeal to a more price-sensitive consumer. And at the end of the day, what we're really driving towards is optimizing the free cash flow of the business, so we're looking to drive the subscriber growth and -- which we believe will drive margins. 
David Frear: Yes. We've had a long-term trend statement where, on programming costs, we said that we expect the trend to be down, right, and reducing the programming costs. And that, in fact, is exactly what Scott has delivered. He's taken a whole bunch of channels and content arrangements that were driving the $400 million a year in spending when we put the 2 companies together, and his team has driven that to now under $300 million. We only have 1 premerger contract left, which is the NHL agreement, still isn't up until after the Stanley Cup in 2015. So I think that the process of continuously declining the programming cost is certainly going to abate in the next couple of years. And then, like every other business that we're subject to inflationary increases from time to time, I don't think you will see us have the kind of pressure in content costs that you've seen on the video side. 
David Frear: Yes. In terms of the proportion of our trials -- trial volume that represents sort of existing subscribers migrating through, I don't think that's a delineation we're going to provide at the time, and same thing with the trial inventory on used cars that -- probably best to just stay focused on the fact that we're seeing roughly 50% growth year-over-year in additions from the used car volumes. 
David Frear: I don't have that number, honestly, off the top of my head. As we mentioned in the call, it's a little -- this is all sort of new, developing information, right? We don't have any real history on it. And so, we're going through the learning curve for the first time. My guess is, is that the behavior of this is going to change with economic cycles, right, and it's going to change as the complexion of the subscriber base changes. So what we're seeing now in our activity is most likely the behavior of people who were buying cars as we were moving into the recession and out of the early recovery of the recession now, presumably, those are higher-income people. So this is just one of these things we're going to have to watch over time like a lot of the numbers you've seen from us over the years that we end up showing great statistical stability at the end of the day. And my guess is, just like the first couple of years when we weren't talking about used car conversion rates because we're seeing a lot of volatility month-to-month in what those rates were, and for the first time today, hear us coming out in saying, "Hey, we see those rates in the low 30%," and that's because we -- the numbers have sort of stabilized. So we'll keep an eye on some of these other things. And as we feel that we have a better grip on the numbers, we see the statistical behavior stabilize a little bit, maybe we'll open the cupboard a little bit. 
David Frear: Yes. So I think the way -- look, I think the 1.8% continues to be a pretty good number because your next logical question would tend -- I know what you're going to ask is that, "Well, do you keep 100% of those guys when they migrate back to the trial?" And of course, the answer is no. But when you're all done tracking it through, whether it rotates through as a paid trial or an unpaid trial and you look at the net retention, we think 1.8% is a fair representation of the -- of what happens after the migration effect of people moving from 1 car to another. And so it continues to be, I think, a good, long-term planning number for you to use. 
David Frear: So with HoldCo, it is just paperwork at this point, paperwork and time. We have to provide notices to people and we have to wait for periods of time. So I think you should see HoldCo in place in the next few weeks. We obviously don't have a clearance yet from the government to close if we close the HoldCo or close Agero prior to HoldCo's formation. Obviously, we'd be funding it out of the operating company. If we closed it after HoldCo is formed, it's possible that we could acquire it or finance it up there. But if I had to pick the odds today, the odds today is that we'll draw down on our $1.25 billion bank facility in order to initially fund the acquisition. And we'll look opportunistically at the markets and maybe turn that money out. 
David Frear: So I think that we have a couple of things, right? So in the 5 inter quarters, right, that have the 3.5x research and they also had a builder, and then we also have HoldCo. So between the builder and HoldCo, we have plenty of flexibility that, if we choose to continue buying back at $5.5 million a quarter, that I don't see any particular problem with doing that. 
David Frear: I'm going to reference you back to kind of the 8-K on the description of the options. But I think, for the most part, you should think of it as we'll do purchases. And this point, you should anticipate purchases in November, January and April. And Mike, just to finish on the 3.5x, I think the way everybody ought to be looking at our leverage at this point is not as a convert. And certainly it would be my intention to manage to a net of the convert leverage that with it so deep in the money, the odds are overwhelmingly likely that it turns into equity in December of '14. And like everybody talks about, we're seeing historically low rates in the high-yield market. And knowing that we're going to maintain a 3.5x ratio for the long term, we -- over the next couple of quarters, we may very well look to effectively prefund the replenishment of the deleveraging that's going to occur. So if you see us bump above -- up above 3.5x, assuming nothing more than just sort of managing the fact that we know we have a big slug that we're going to be raising -- need to replace next December. 
James Meyer: Yes, I just want to add one thing on top of that, I think David used the right word in his comments. Yes, we have tweaked basically our subscriber guidance for the year. And we have tweaked it for 1 phenomena, which is it appears our subscribers are transitioning faster to newer cars, either because the economy's improving or because they're more affluent. I don't know which one. And so we're really just seeing a shift in those subscribers when they go from their first relationship with us to their next new car, they're now moving from self-pay into our trial funnels, and you'll see our trial funnels look very strong. 
James Meyer: Well, I think I was pretty clear on what I said which is, number one, there's no question in my mind the architecture of the future, long term, the vehicle will incorporate an embedded transporter, or call it, embedded modem. Which way, ultimately, customers get which part of their services, way too early to define. But what I will clearly tell you is, again, I was strong in my comments there and I'll be strong again, the value of having our own private, ubiquitous, one-way, nationwide network and being able to combine it with a public 2-way LTE network, we think, gives us a very strong option or strong position going forward to optimize the entertainment experience. 
James Meyer: No, I don't think we want to give any of that detail. I think that's just one way we're balancing our programming costs, though, just to Scott's point. 
James Meyer: So I'll take the easiest one first and that is, I'm real confident in our used car guidance for this year. We're moving on quite nicely. David, I think you can comment on the other 2. 
James Meyer: Yes, I think David is absolutely right. The key word he used there was this is a new phenomena for us that we've seen some acceleration on. And I think the used car conversion rate compares [ph] is exactly right. I don't think we want to comment until we can -- until we're sure we know that what we're going to tell you is what we believe is right. And I don't think we know. I agree with David, I don't know what that number is today. 
James Meyer: Well, I think -- this is Jim. I think, a couple of things, Jim. Thanks for answering the question on Honda because I do think the Honda announcement was a pretty important announcement that we made yesterday in terms of penetration, more towards the confidence in automakers with Satellite Radio. Is there some more? There's some tweaking, okay, around the penetration rate. But I think 70% continues to be a very strong and good benchmark. In terms of growth, I think we've been very clear, we continue to put major emphasis on the second owner business and drive that hard. Obviously then, we are looking at other initiatives like Hispanic to supplement around that with additional growth. And I think you got it. I think those are the 2 big ones that we're concentrating on right now for 2014. Thank you. 
