Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Ben. So look, we -- I think we agree with you, from what it sounds like, and that we are big fans of the sports betting opportunity. Every projection is that it will be a several billion-dollar industry in the medium to long term. And everything we've seen to date not only reinforces that, but I think makes us believe it could be even larger than that.  I think we feel today very well positioned both in having the joint venture in Fox Bet, which we -- as Steve mentioned, we have the option to go to 50% ownership of, depending on licensing. But we also have the 18.5% option to buy into the FanDuel. So we effectively have 2 dogs in the race, and we think that puts us in a great position.  Moving forward, obviously, we have to see how the states open up from a regulatory point of view and as we move into each market. It's not necessarily the case that you'll have FanDuel and FOX Bet in all the same markets. For example, we found in FOX Bet the best markets for us, and we've just opened in Colorado, a market that have both sports betting but also gaming licenses.  When you think about the funnel sort of monetize the customer -- the consumer, we'd start with a FOX Bet Super 6 as a free-to-play game. Those people, some of them will move through the funnel into our sports betting, the FOX Bet app or the FanDuel experience. And then a subset of those will actually go into our gaming environment, when there's no sports betting being played. So look, we think the opportunity is huge and is something that we'll continue to spend time on to drive -- to promote to FOX Sports and to invest in.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Jessica. I know there's been a lot of talk about the upfront and some discussion about it on other calls. I think the thing -- well, the first thing I'd like to say is that the sales is very active at the moment, but it's a different sort of upfront this year for everyone, right, than in past years. I would call it sort of a rolling upfront. It's not a process that has a beginning, a middle and an end. We are working, as I think I said in the last call, with all of the agency groups and each of our clients as they reengage with their -- with consumers and customers across our platforms.  And so some have been much more heavily impacted by COVID-19 than others. Obviously, the categories that are affected, retail, theatrical entertainment, fast food restaurants. Obviously, travel are all highly impacted by COVID-19. So each of those clients, we're engaged with and sort of negotiating with as we go forward.  I think what you'll see is as we close -- and as we have closed upfront negotiations, you'll see that going right up until really through to the beginning of the football season. And we are incredibly heartened by the strength of scatter in the market. I think scatter, across the board, is in the mid- to high teens. I think that shows the demand for marketers to get back on air in a mass market and broad way.  We are selling it across all of our platforms, news, sports, entertainment and Tubi. Tubi is now integrated in most, if not all, of our upfront conversations. When we add Tubi to a sale, it increases reach by over 20% for the client and also obviously makes the demographic younger and more diverse.  And Jessica, to your question on FOX News, FOX News ratings have been astronomical. We are monetizing them very well. One of the benefits of COVID-19 has been with a larger news audience. The audience has also gotten younger, and that's brought actually new advertisers that hadn't advertised on FOX News, new advertisers on to the platform. So it's a very strong positive story for FOX News.
Lachlan Murdoch: Michael, we lost you on a little bit of the second part of the second question. So I'll let Steve answer that one. You came in and out a bit, but I think we got the gist of it. And about Thursday Night Football, we don't have any update for the market nor would we of the sort of the details of our negotiations with the NFL beyond what we've said already, which is they are an incredible partner with us, they have been for 25 years. And frankly, we value all of their content, and we'll update the market as our negotiation comes to a close with them. But there's no updates on Thursday Night Football or Sunday afternoon.  I should say though, obviously, football and our partnership with the NFL is really that and Major League Baseball form the foundation of the brand of FOX Sports, so it's important content for us.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Alexia. First, I should say, we fully expect both college football and the NFL to come back in the fall. We expect to hear from our college conferences later this week in terms of a schedule for their seasons. And I think the NFL has announced coming back on September 10. So we are full speed ahead, working with the college conferences and with the NFL in ensuring a safe and consistent and full seasons for the NFL. And there's a reduction in the season for college football, so that they play within their conferences and minimize travel for their student athletes. So we expect both to come back, and we're looking forward to it.
Lachlan Murdoch: So we're seeing strong demand. You've got to break it down, I suppose, for us, by vertical. There's a -- the news ratings are so far above last year's. And as I mentioned, we have new clients and new categories of clients on FOX News.  So news demand is really driven by the audience and by the ratings there, so we're seeing tremendous demand in news. Obviously, it's going to be a -- continue to be an incredibly strong news cycle, I think -- and certainly through to the end of the year. There's no let up there. And I think advertisers are flocking to the certainty of those ratings and that audience. I think sports, there's a great pent-up demand for sport. We saw that in the sellouts in Major League Baseball. We saw that when we brought back NASCAR, the advertiser interest in NASCAR, and we expect to see it with football going forward as well.  As we go through our upfront process, we have visibility in terms of what the clients are telling us that they expect to spend. And certainly, in news and sport, we're seeing healthy budgets there. I think entertainment is a different kettle of fish as people are waiting to see what happens in the fall season. As we explained earlier on the call, we have a relatively fresh scripted season with 2 shows that we had in the can that we hadn't aired. And we do hope to have The Masked Singer, not for mid-season, but for the fall, if possible. And that would be -- that will absolutely drive ratings and revenue there as well.  When we look to the stations, the -- we're heartened to see how quickly local advertising is coming back, particularly in those smaller markets. So the bottom half of our -- I don't want to say bottom half, but the smaller half of our station group, where they have, perhaps, less sort of population density, less shutdowns due to COVID-19, and those markets are coming back well. And as I mentioned before, the markets that are really buoyed are the ones where this political revenue has started to pour in. And then the overlay of all of that is obviously scatter being very strong, which I think just goes anecdotally to the demand by advertisers and clients to get back and sort of mass marketing.
