Lars Boilesen: Good morning. Welcome to Opera Software's Second Quarter 2013 Presentation.  The results. Revenue came in at $73.1 million, up from $52.1 million same quarter last year. Adjusted EBITDA, $21.7 million, up from $14.5 million equal to 48% year-on-year growth. EBIT, $15.2 million, up from $11 million same quarter last year, a growth of 38%. So a very strong record -- a very strong revenue in the quarter, equal to 40%. Record revenue, record profit in the quarter, we're very, very pleased with the quarter. And we like to divide our business into 3 very connected business units; Consumer Browsing, Mobile Operator solutions and Mobile Publisher and Advertising, and all 3 business unit contribute with strong profit and revenue in the quarter.  Erik, please give an update, go a little bit deeper into the details. 
Lars Boilesen: No. It's not dramatic changes but short term, it's -- it's more reflecting a higher upside on the mobile side where we really are delivering billions of queries every month. It will take some time before Google will really start monetizing some other markets where we have a lot of queries. On desktop, it's not super dramatic but there's a switch towards mobile so it's not like it's changed thing or anything like that, but there is a little bit of step down. However, if we start actually increasing our number of desktop which has been flat for several years, then certainly, we will start seeing very interesting growth on desktop as well. So it scales on desktop as well. 
Lars Boilesen: But I think the question was more related to the performance on search queries and that was a good quarter. 
Lars Boilesen: I -- it's early days. I think what's important about this is more that we experienced a lot of attention and interest from partners on what we're doing on the browser side now, not only are we innovating more new features, but also we are doing this on a platform which is more relevant for them because they are on this platform already. So we see more interest and we see an opportunity to become a very relevant partner technology-wise, but also commercial-wise going forward. So of course, we had expectations to revenue on this new partnership, but we also have expectations to further partnership and it's too early to say what will be the commercial impact of this new agreement. It has to be done through performance and we have to prove that we are very important technology partner for them going forward. So early days. 
Lars Boilesen: So it's still scheduled for Q3, Boost. When it comes to the pipeline on the Rocket Optimizer, it -- to work with operators, you have to adjust to their internal schedule so it's very hard for us to predict when they can make a decision. We do have a number of trials, we are pleased with that. But to see when trials move into contracts, it's hard for us to -- it's all about adjusting to their schedule and being the right partner for them. So in the first announcement we had, it went really fast. In the announcement we have today, it took a longer time. It's hard to say but we'll be very focused on the pipeline. Okay. Thank you very much. 
Erik Harrell: Yes. So on Skyfire was about $5 million of revenue in the quarter. Most of that was Rocket Optimizer, but a very good contribution associated with the acceptance from this Tier 1 U.S. operator, and there's also some -- a nice of bit of Horizon -- Skyfire Horizon revenue in the quarter as well. 
Erik Harrell: Yes. So as I said from the standpoint of looking  we're seeing search revenue go up. In the quarter itself, the license revenue that we got is associated with our joint venture in China. As you know, when we went into the debenture, we've also, as part of the transaction, we're licensing -- the joint venture, our technology which is really the base for their Chinese product in the marketplace. So there's some license revenue in the quarter from the JV as well, which has been also historically too. 
Erik Harrell: Yes, it's associated with some license revenue in particular for this quarter. What we've done is as part of -- we've done obviously, as Lars has been talking about, we've been doing a lot of technology development, a lot of R&D over the last 9, 10, 12 months and that's reflected in the license revenue that we have with the JV because they're now able to tap into all the innovation that we've been able to deliver from our teams at Opera during that period. 
Erik Harrell: Yes, I mean, it's a normal quarter for Yandex.  I mean, we have a -- as you know, we have a strategic partnership with Yandex, working with them not just on search, but obviously we have -- we've had some -- a technology partnership with them as well. So that's something that goes over when we announced the deal so it extends over an extended period. 
Erik Harrell: Yes. I was, actually in fact, I was just about to kind of jump on that. No, I mean, obviously, of the $5 million, the U.S. Tier 1 operator is a meaningful part of that. In terms of the outlook for the year, the outlook to the year is we feel we're on track on the $12 million to $14 million for the year. That continues to be our guidance for the year and we feel like we're on track to hit that just on Skyfire revenue. 
