Chase Carey: There is no question that increasingly, the value of these rights is -- extends beyond the linear networks and into the VOD world. I think each of those businesses, which is what we're doing needs to pursue a strategy that makes sense for them. So I think for our networks that's capturing and controlling a wider set of rights, variable to deliver an experience to their consumers that enables people to watch what they want, when they want, where they want. I think in order to do that the networks have to be aggressive about controlling and negotiating the rights they need.  Negotiating those rights with our studio is really not they have been negotiating rights with third parties. I think equally on the content side, we recognize those rights have value, and we expect the content side to extract value for its rights in the marketplace. So, I think owning both sides enable us to have a strategic understanding of sort of the business as a whole, but I think the execution of that really condemned to each individual business pursuing what makes sense for it strategically, which on the network side is controlling a wider set of rights in a digital world, on the studio side is extracting appropriate value for its rights from distributors. I think we have the benefit of visibility to both sides of that and hopefully makes smart decisions about how much we’ll invest, how much we’ll invest in the networks to control those rights on one hand and ensuring on the content side we’re extracting fair and full value for those rights. As I think it has the benefit of strategic understanding of those, but the actual execution really comes out of both businesses, and making smart decisions.
Chase Carey: No, I don’t see anyone coming, I think, they are looking great shows. Clearly, the scripted entertainment area for us both the studio and the network as I said, this year we have the two new shows, we feel great about. Brooklyn Nine-Nine and the Sleepy Hollow, so certainly that’s a great area for us, but equally we’ve had great success over the years with non-scripted entertainment and actually we have some new executive in place to energize that area and actually he’s got some great things coming out later in the year. Look, I think it’s important for us to continue to be opportunistic and open-minded in some ways continue to try to find new programming in whatever format that excites the people and energizes people. We think there are opportunities across the board and I don't – I think we got to continue to really try and find, and build that next hit franchise whether it’s scripted or non-scripted, but it’s – we certainly expect to be aggressive in both sides of it.
Chase Carey: No, it really doesn't affect so that what I said – I think structurally, we feel good about where we're at. And again, I don't want to be clear that I'm not trying to just go out over the challenge that we’ve got, they're really in a couple of businesses. In the film business, it is a business that has ups and down. We feel good about the films we’ve got coming as we look forward. But it’s not a structural. It’s a film business, it’s still – look we’ve got a great management team that has proven its capability to be a market leader for year. It is business that again has some ups and downs in that work as well. I think you are doing some really exciting things. As I look out, on the shows I touched on coming, we feel great about where it’s going. So, for us, there are challenges we got this year. We take them seriously, but when I look at the structural underpinning of what gets us to that $9 billion taller target, those structural underpinnings there and we continue to execute on and we continue to conclude distribution agreements, and that enable us to get there. We continue to build the array of business platforms, channels, really are putting the fundamentals in place that are important to reach those goals, our new channels, while we're investment in them, investments in FXX and FS1 are pretty much on target with what we expected to invest. So, there is an investment going into it, but we're still very excited about the future of those businesses. So, as we look out the fundamentals are really still in place. We need execute better in a couple of businesses and – but that’s really the core of what we're dealing with here. On Aereo, it’s headed to the Supreme Court in the six months. I think we’re cautiously optimistic that that will hopefully bring them an end to deliberate illegal theft of our content. I do want to be clear because you hear a lot about this, this case is about respecting copyrights, not about cloud computing. We hear a lot of scaremongering to this case, threatening to cloud computing, nothing to be further from the truth. Our content gets sold by Amazon, iTunes, others today that use cloud technology. We’re a big fan and supporter of cloud technology. It simply needs to be done in the way that respects our copyrights, and we will pursue our rights. Right now we’re pursuing a legal we are pursuing, through the paths we’ve described before. But at the end of the day, our business needs to have a dual revenue model and needs to be in a place that we could be competitive to the marketplace. Hopefully, we got those rights reaffirmed through this process.
Chase Carey: For us and Fox News realistically, no -- last year they had -- the end of last year they had to deal with the off political cycle, and there is no question that the year-on-year comparisons were tough for a non-political year against the political spending from the year before. But actually the news network is doing right. I think it's rating since January are up year-on-year, I think I said in the last call, we made a series of changes that are actually morning show with the talent we reorganized the primetime lineup, I think launched or introduced a little while ago 5 O'Clock, which has been a great addition to the lineup. I think put new energy in it, I think the audience is actually – versus what it was recently, for genres it's younger and bigger.  So for us, we feel pretty good about where we are at and again we have to fight through the cyclicality of political spending, which gets bigger and bigger. Many people's chagrin in other arenas, but becomes a bigger factor that creates cyclicality here, but for us Fox News is realistically just a locomotive fit that keeps going and with that I do think Fox Business is really beginning to hit its stride. I think it’s great moves. I think Maria Bartiromo has been adding a great dimension to it. We continue to strengthen distribution agreements to Fox business and I think that channel really has an increasingly exciting future as it really begins to carve out a space of the distribution platform finally fully in place and I think a lot of moves, we’ve just made in the line-up started to get some traction. Ben just on Germany, I think, I mean obviously, Brian and the team reported results earlier today are I guess, I guess very early this morning, our time. And so I don't want to add too much to that, but look I say, it's a very competitive marketplace. It's a marketplace that you have traditionally. We've been competing with free satellite channels as well as in Cable and IPTV services. But I think Sky Deutschland's positioned really well. I think the brand is you know increasingly established in a marketplace just after – only after a few short-years. The quality of the product is very high, and really Sky Deutschland's positioning, where it's available over any infrastructure be it cable, IPTV or satellite, as well as the very, very successful Sky Go TV Everywhere product and now the new stand-alone over the top products.  Now, I think the Company is positioned well. Look Germany is a very big market. I think we've shown over the last few years that you can increase your revenue per customer there and you can attract new customers which a lot of people didn't think was possible, and the Company has really a momentum to it and is on a trajectory that we think is very encouraging. So, I think it's not a zero-sum game. I think there is a lot of choice in the marketplace already. We already have WATCHEVER there and other things like that, and it's going to continue to be dynamic and competitive. But as long as we can keep innovating and keep a good quality product on screen for our customers, I think the Company is going to continue to do well. Thank you, Ben. Next question please. 
Chase Carey: In terms of the Sky's, I think we do think they truly – they clearly benefits the Sky's working together they share technologies, they share many – certainly many of the operational fundamentals of the businesses they share across them. We went down the path to acquire BSkyB and part of that was a view that there were values in having those businesses more closely aligned.  We're obviously not on that path today, so I think we're trying to do more and more of that and find ways we can capture the value by having those companies, share things they've learned, share expertise, benefit from each other and win-win ways. And hopefully, we'll continue to try and get and exploit that. But I think it's an opportunity where there are opportunities to have those businesses learn and benefit from each other, and I think we'll continue to try and find ways to tackle that given where we're at structurally.  I think in terms of guidance, looking at the years – looking through the years, again, you take one of the two the issues in sort of '14, if you take the two, one is film, which is sort of, I don't want to completely call it a one-off, but in many ways was the result of films released during the last six months. They don't have much of an impact, realistically; the issues that caused the shortfall in the film business in '14 aren't going to really affect '15 at all. I mean '15 will be affected by how our films perform in the next six months, we feel good about them, but the flow-through of the films we've released to-date is fairly marginal issue in '15. I think for the network in many ways, it is again sort of that transition. I mean we've gone through the network in many ways it was the network that had this unique franchise American Idol that sort of transcended everything else in Television. And it’s gotten to a place today. Well, actually it’s a great show. It's a top-ish show, we'd love to have the ratings for that on any other show but if not a show that sort of drives the whole network and the way it did in years past. And so we've been planning that adjustment knowing that the show is 13 years old, we hope it has 14, 15, 16, 17th years but they won't be years that look like years five, six and seven. So this transition of the network from having this sort of locomotive that's sat there in the middle of it that generated unique profits, we've known is coming to the end. It sort of winding down to a place where it becomes just a great successful show again hopefully this year, we think it's a much better show hopefully there is traction, gets better traction as it goes through this season. We think it has the potential. We think they've done a really good job and it's a very entertaining show. But it's going to be a good show. And what's happened is, the ratings for that as well as X Factor, fell faster than we hoped. But directionally it's not different. We didn't expect those, we haven't been planning on those to sort of all of a sudden have a rebirth. What we'd hope to do was manage them through this process. So, it probably moves those to a slightly lower base, but it really isn't directionally different than what we would have been planning which is -- those shows to be part of the lineup, and really part of a broader diversified lineups we're increasingly looking to develop is new hits to take them on. So again, I don't think it puts the network, yes, may be a little bit but not really materially in a different place. So, I don't think those two items, still really I wouldn't say changed our view on '15 much at all. I think the network probably marginally, and the rest of it, there are some issues that are tougher than we planned. The foreign exchange is that we start up the year and we think we had a $100 million hit from foreign exchange and now it's looking sort of well north of $150 million. So there are some of those issues and those we put in a jump, put in the ordinary course up and down, the upside in sports could absorb the hit on foreign exchange and other pros and cons. So, I think those give and takes we had assumed, we can sort of manage through those give and takes. So, I don't think it would change our outlook on '15 that much again. '15, we do expect it to be a big bounce up in '16, and I think that still true. I mean we're still very much in a build process, and I think we talked about the investment in the new channels and actually said the build is actually the investment in the new channels is actually a little higher in '15 than '14, and that's been planned. I mean that's sort of due to the way the sports rights roll-in. But again, it's a long-winded answer. If I look at it holistically, I don't think as we look at '15 and '16, we're really in that different place. Obviously by the end of year, we'll see. Well, it's six more months and we'll know more than we do today, but I wouldn't say I feel that different about '15 and really don't feel different about '16, where we'll be.
Chase Carey: On FXX, I mean there is no question. Simpsons is tremendously exciting and important event and sort of opportunity for us. We do – it is more than a show, I have said it before. In many ways we look to use that. When I turn in the Simpsons channel, but in many ways it will be the face of the channel, it will clearly be much more than just a series taking up a large block of hours. It will be a series that helps brand the channel, helps drive the channel and we are doing – working really hard on it. We're also really excited that it is really gone up in many ways the breadth of rights we have there will enable us to do some really unique things in the digital sense. So it's not just branding the channel from a linear perspective, but really starting to – really create some precedence in terms of creating a digital experience aligned with that channel that adds a whole new dimension to it. Towards the monetizing it, it's always in the cable in this world. It's always a little complicated, because you can monetize through two things, monetize through affiliations and you monetize through advertising. So the affiliation side is obviously tied to its affiliation and the freedoms come up. If you don't have it up there, and I think fortunately, we are in a place in part of what's the timing. It's a pretty big block of our affiliation agreements in the sort of year plus post, I think probably half of that universe comes up for renewal within a year and change. I don't again, I didn’t look at it sort of had the exact dates off the top of my head - from when then Simpsons roll-in. So, the way we can get momentum, clearly the – monetizing it through the affiliation side, is obviously a big part of it. I think from an advertising perspective, it's going to better execution. I think FX has proved to be pretty good at sort of distinguishing themselves from everybody else out there. I think they are demand-relative; I think they are second to none if you stack FX up against the channels they compete with today. I think they have proven ability to distinguish themselves from the pack, and I can say we feel really good about their ability to drive a level of interest into that, that we could monetize through advertising, but we feel really good about it. But I want to say that. At the end of the day, this is, we're building an asset. I mean the question – I'm much more sort of focused on where can you get this in two to three years and where can you get this in two quarters? So, it is – this is opportunity to build a franchise that can be a real tent pole for new growth in our business. So I think it is, yes we care about short-term and want to do what we can to drive short-term. But, building an asset like that and investing it, it was – I think the real key issues is where can you get that business to in two to three years, not in two to three months.
Chase Carey: On the Simpson's question – the rights question of why not keep all our rights in-house. I think it's important. I think if you go back to Michael's question and again I think there is a real benefit to us being, we believe the vertical integration of our business is the real strength. I think the strength comes from having a strategic understanding of both sides of that, better insights and ability to make that's where they make sense. But I think when you get to one size fits all I think that's, I don’t think that’s the right way to go. I think at a more granular level you have to sort of look at decisions, on one level holistically and on another level for each individual business and those businesses have to make bets. There are times when our distribution businesses have a unique ability to take advantage of our set of rights for us -- to me the Simpsons is the perfect example.  We have a new channel that FX, that Simpsons could help take to a whole new level. So it made sense for us to probably invest more than anybody else in The Simpsons because we can monetize it in terms of building a unique asset. In the other terms when somebody else for a piece of content we own has a unique need that will end up means they are going to pay more than it's worth to our asset. And they just say, we are going to keep it, nonetheless even if somebody else thinks, because they have a need worth a lot more than it is to us. I don’t think that makes sense I think it's important that, and we are not going to do is undersell the content.  We are precautious. We have people in it, it's important that our content gets full and fair value and therefore if somebody in the market sees much more value in that content than we do, whether it is because of a need or just because of a belief then there are places where it makes sense to take advantage of that, conversely I think we hopefully have a breadth of assets that will increasingly let up, take advantage of assets and example FIC, I mean Fox International Channel. There are a number of place where we have taken series and bought out the international rights to shows we had.  A unique need, we had a unique franchise in Fox International Channels to take a show like the Americans or, I can't remember they have done a couple. They bought the global right, global distribution rights to that and used it as a dimension. But it was really based on the Fox International Channels having unique strategic need and ability to build the value that enable them to make a bet. But again there'll be places where third parties will see a value that exceeds what it's worth to us and I think that’s the right way to maximize the business.  We have the benefit of the visibility to make intelligent decisions. So, where we think it's worth making a bet. We obviously have the ability to see the picture holistically and make those bets intelligently but I do think you have to look at it from holistically as well as from each individual businesses perspective. And then Formula One, Formula One is great rights I mean at the end of the day they are buying I guess, I don’t know what's going on in Formula One I read the same paper you do. We like rights they are talking about buying sport and I guess to what degree you can buy sports to get the rights, I mean I think if you are buying, you have to buy because you like the sport.  You believe the sport is a good investment. There are a lot of things that go into the sport and that Formula One certainly TV rights are a big part of it, but there are other big elements on the revenue side and obviously it's a big business that requires expertise management. So I think very good business but I think you'd go into it, if it's for TV rights, I don’t think you buy the asset, to get access to the TV rights. I think you buy it because you think it's good business. And I think TV rights we license it in the marketplace and we obviously have a good relationship with Formula One and hopefully continue to build it. But I think to the degree there is investment in Formula One, anybody making that whether it's up to anybody else you'd have to make it on the merits of what you think about Formula One and how good investment is and what's the future of that.
Chase Carey: Yeah, I mean first I don't think we probably would get to that level of granularity on year-by-year sort of rate increase that's probably just a level of detail beyond what we sort of put out there publicly. I think if you look out over time, I think the mix of affiliate and ad revenues and particularly on the sport side, probably tilts to the affiliate side of it. That's the nature of sports today that the importance of that end product it is, again I think it is the most important product, it is the most powerful product that again and not everybody certainly for a large segment of consumers, it is must-have product for a large segment of consumers. And therefore I think that's what leads for it to get reflected its value to get reflected in the affiliation side of it.  The advertising is certainly important. The live nature of the sport as I said before makes it uniquely valuable to advertisers. I mean you look at the NFL this year, I think it certainly probably is good as recent testament as you can find anywhere of how valuable sports is to advertisers. So, I don't mean to, certainly not trying to minimize the importance of the advertising side of it. But I think in general in the sports arena, the affiliate side will be the larger piece of the pie vis-a-vis advertising.
Chase Carey: We're not going to get into that type of granularity. It's -- the affiliate side, it's a bigger piece of it.
Chase Carey: I am not sure how to answer that. I guess what I'd say is our sports business we feel right about I mean and obviously we are dealing with these costs. We are -- when we do affiliate deals they are multiyear deals. And it's actually you get a pretty good roadmap for a fair bit of it if the affiliates the larger piece and you get deals that go out years, those rights agreements layer against that, you have to make some assumptions of rating in Ad dollars. But that’s a smaller part of the top line.  I think we feel like a pretty good visibility given again the nature of long term distribution agreements aligned with long term right agreements and the ability to keep those two things balanced; you have a really healthy business for us. And certainly to-date we have done it. And yes there is pressure on rights and I guess again as I said before it's a double edged nature of sports, it's the most important programming out there and probably gets more important as everything else fragments it sort of continues to in many ways stand taller and so that’s a positive.  The reality is it comes at a cost. I think we've good pretty track record and ability to be able to digest those costs and build real value. I think we are helped by the fact that I think buyers should have scale in that arena probably best position because I think breadths and depths I mean it's one thing, just sort of have a one-off. But I think to the degree you've got a broad array of sports for us regional, national, global, domestic. You sort of got something for everybody and I think that it really helps and I think gives it a bit of one plus one is three.  So I do think scale is going to become an increasingly important dynamic and the ability to get full value to maximize value for the rights you got. Steve, we have time for one more question, please. 
Chase Carey: I will cover the second one for you. It’s that the 15% domestic growth we had in the quarter about 5% of it is the impact of the NHL and Sports Time Ohio. So the underlying growth is about 10%. We've said that we expect double-digit gains in affiliate fees in the year and we're comfortable with that. In terms of the rights we have, simple answer is, yeah, we have to have the rights in place we need to execute the plan we've got. That doesn't mean we won't engage on new rights and I think we've always want to be opportunistic. If there is a dimension of rights, we're not going to buy everything.  So, we are going to be selective, but it doesn't mean that there won't be opportunities to add something that we think we can in turn down the road create incremental value. But the rights we have today, and then we've got a broad set of rights -- baseball, NASCAR, college football and basketball, UFC, soccer, champions league, world cup, golf, we've got a broad mix of rights, broad mix of rights and spread across the year. We feel great about where we're at. So certainly, we have the rights in place to execute the plans we've got.  But certainly we'll look at incremental rights and make a determination, the rights we could take on and create incremental value on them, and if not, and we feel very good about where we're at. In terms of -- I wouldn't take rights to keeping away from others, I think you'd be able to -- you're obviously building your own business, not spending money to -- if we can't make. I think our sports channel will be strong enough. We're comfortable that we can -- and we got enough breadth across the company that we can execute on delivering the value through our sports channel. We wouldn't invest in further rights, it'll have to make sense for us, we wouldn't invest with a purpose being to block others.
