Lachlan Murdoch: Rob, there's a lot in there. So let me unpack it bit by bit and if I -- I hope I don't miss anything. So how we -- I think we've talked about this before, but how we analyze the WWE renewal,  and we look at all of our sports portfolio in the same way and on all new rights, opportunities are for new rights in the same way. We -- on the base of analyst -- analysis, sorry. We on both an advertising point of view, we were not hitting the advertising numbers, due to the audience of the WWE to make return for our return on investment to be above the levels that we would accept. But also we didn't attribute enough significant retransmission revenue to WWE either, so it made sense for us to move on from them. They've been a great partner for many years.  But just quite simply, we're very disciplined and the RR didn't meet our pretty disciplined parameters. So we wish them luck and we've moved on from them. We're currently in, I think, the final status of a very constructive negotiation for our NASCAR renewal. We look forward to continuing that partnership with NASCAR. It's been a great partnership for many years. And obviously, NASCAR exceeds our expectations from an ROI point of view. In terms of Disney and Charter and how that affects our view going forward. I think it's a net positive for us. I think that we want our distributors to do well. We want them to continue to invest in high-quality programming, and high-quality brands.  And obviously, between FOX News and Fox Sports, our station group and our network, we have a very focused, very valuable set of core brands, that distributors such as Charter value. So net-net, the Disney, Charter deal has been positive for us and positive for our strategy. 
Lachlan Murdoch: No that's fine. I think the best way I can answer both questions sort of with one answer, I suppose, which is the value -- you're 1,000% right, college football has never been more popular. It's rating extremely well. And 1 of the things we haven't talked about is, frankly, advertisers have found it. Advertisers are pouring in to call triple with tremendous rates and with tremendous appetite for volume because they can see the value in this audience.  And perhaps it's been underpriced in past years, I'm not sure. But certainly, advertisers are recognizing the opportunity in college football and obviously, we're the leader. But ultimately, we build value through our brands and through the Fox Sports brand and Fox Sports and station distribution. And so we'll continue to build value through college football through the Fox Sports brand and monetizing it that way. The same thing with Tubi. First of all, we don't envisage any kind of significant live sports on Tubi in the near or frankly, median, perhaps even long-term future. But Tubi is very focused on primarily entertainment, and particularly in video-on-demand entertainment, which makes that content and then engagement with their users, all the more valuable.   And I think it will be a long time before we see significant live sports on Tubi. In terms of how we unlock the value in Tubi. Tubi will be the way our audiences engage -- primarily engage with entertainment in the future. It's a core part of our business and a core part of our strategy. And so we're building value there organically through driving its growth. I couldn't be more pleased with the arrival of our new CEO, Anjali Sud. She's doing a tremendous job and has very clear and strategic sort of retention and view for how we continue to drive Tubi's success. So thank you, Ben. 
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, John. On affiliate renewal, let me start with the big picture and Steve can talk to any of the numbers going forward, or not depending on -- but look, the main thing on affiliate renewal is we -- really due to our focus strategy, our focus on our core brands. Also, I think our focus on being good partners with our distributors and wanting their businesses to succeed, because frankly, from a FOX perspective, the Cable bundle, Cable distribution or Pay TV distribution remains our largest and really the most important revenue stream.  And that we believe that it will remain our largest for years to come. So we are -- we feel the success of our distribution partners is our success as well. We want them to succeed and we want them to do well, which is one reason, why we've kept our premium content within the cable bundle. We are not interested in at this stage, moving premium content away from our cable distribution partners. That would be, I think, a mistake for us and for them.  And so due to that, since our last call a quarter ago, we have renewed a number of distribution contracts. And in every case, we've been rewarded by that focus, rewarded by our partnerships with our affiliate partners, our distribution partners with our rate increases and distribution agreements that are -- that fit absolutely in line with our plan. And that's because they value our brands, they value Fox News, they value Fox Sports and obviously, our local stations and networks.  So we are very pleased with our pace of renewals, and we haven't seen any changes to the way we're able to work constructively with our partners. And that goes to the second part of your question with Charter and Disney. It's hard for me to say how -- I don't want to talk about other people -- a lot of people are -- have their earnings calls next week. I think we're early in the media cycle. They can talk about how that renewal affects them and particularly the entertainment channels for us because we're not in that space.  I think it's a net positive. We like to see our partners focus on the core brands, the core brands, where all the audiences and frankly, where the leverage is in terms of retransmission and less so on channels that might not be as popular.  So Steve, do you want to... 
