Steve Tomsic: Yes. So Phil, just on the rate of subscriber erosion I think with our channels – our must-carry channels. So I think we're best positioned to buffer any sort of weakness in the subscriber universe. I think where people find it challenging to reconcile between sort of how we report numbers and how – where you see numbers from the Street, there's a couple of things. One is we're in a two-month delay versus what's being reported by the distributors. And the other piece is there's a fair amount of opacity around some of the platforms that don't report. So you got the – many of the virtual MVPDs don't break out their numbers and DIRECTV no longer breaks out its numbers. And so that's probably where you're seeing the sort of friction between the reported numbers.
Steve Tomsic: Hey Ben just picking up on your question around organic investment. So the way we define -- we had -- we called out $200 million to $300 million of net EBITDA of our investment for fiscal 2022. So put another way our fiscal 2022 EBITDA would have be $200 million to $300 million higher than what it was had we not made those investments. We don't -- we anticipate maintaining that level of investment meaning that when you compare 2023 to 2022 you will not have that drag on the results. So that explains that for you.
Steve Tomsic: Doug, it's Steve. Just on the free cash flow. I think from a working capital perspective a big swing factors, I think from an accounting version of working capital, remember, that going into we're into a Super Bowl year. So therefore, we amort a ton of the NFL costs in a Super Bowl year, so it has an impact on our working capital. Our CapEx was down to a touch over $300 million this year, which was down from a touch north of $480 million. The year before, you should expect the $300 million to go up a touch. But the rest of it is, I think really pretty much stock in trade in terms of, cash flow swings. There's nothing particularly unique about next year apart from, the tailwinds that we have going into it from an operating perspective. 
Lachlan Murdoch: Hey, good morning, Robert. So, overall I mean I'll talk overall then I can come down to drill down to Big Ten. We're always going to look at sports rights as they become available. I think we've been very disciplined in terms of how we analyze and how we think about acquiring any additional incremental sports rights. We look at it both obviously from what any individual sport can achieve both in terms of an audience and advertising revenue we can attach to that. We specifically also drill down into what we can see from our subscriber what we can attribute to our affiliation agreement with a distributor in terms of subscription revenue. So we do take a pretty scientific and I think a very disciplined approach to how we view sports rights, but we do look at all the sports across the marketplace and see what would fit within FOX Sports. I think the – if you look past – over the past years the store hasn't been written is the sports rights that we pass on right that we decide are too expensive or won't add any incremental revenue to our business. So – and that continues to be the way we look at it. As regards to Big Ten, Big Ten Network is a key strategic partner of ours. We've had a great relationship with them. And we look forward to renewing those rights potentially with some new broadcast partners within the mix. That will be an announcement the Big Ten will make we expect in the near-term, but it's one that we will leave for them to make. But we're looking forward to our continued long-term and profitable relationship with them.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks Ben. So look, we continue to have beliefs or have a fundamentally strong belief in the sports betting business. We think it's a huge opportunity in the marketplace, specifically in its association with the FOX Sports brand. We drive the largest sports audiences in this country. And no other broadcaster can achieve kind of the reach and engagement that we deliver, during the -- certainly during the autumn and the fall on a weekly basis. And so, we've proven this last couple of years with FOX Bet's, Super 6 which really taking our sports audiences. And I know we've talked about it, before then by taking our sports audiences from television into FOX Bet Super 6 provide a tremendous funnel, which FOX Bet is the ultimate beneficiary of. That continues to be our strategy and it continues to be very successful. As regards to, Flutter we're still in our arbitration process with them. We look forward to the clarity of getting through that process, which we expect to be in the next couple of months certainly sort of by the beginning of the autumn. But once that situation is clarified and also in early September as you see the NFL season kick off again, you'll see a lot more activity around FOX Bet and FOX Bet Super 6.
Lachlan Murdoch: Hi, good morning, Doug. And hope you’re well. So on -- we have a Big Ten digital rights and we will keep those in the new deal. So I hope that clarifies, that again I don't want to say too much because it's really -- it's for the Big Ten to announce their new agreements. In terms of upfront volumes ex, I think your question was what are they ex-Super Bowl. Obviously, we look at everything ex-Super Bowl, because it's obviously such a huge year for us. We're looking forward to we're getting record pricing for Super Bowl, and we're well ahead of plan in terms of selling our Super Bowl position. But ex-Super Bowl upfront volumes were about 15% higher than the last upfront. I think one of the -- and that's across entertainment sports and news. I think the important thing to note there, though is that the upfront volumes to some degree, are a metric that we control. We chose a very purposefully and I think in a very disciplined and hopefully, a judicious way to sell more volume into this upfront, because we felt it was a period where having certainty around or the highest level of certainty we can around, our sales and our inventory was important. So for instance, in years where we would -- in the past years where we would sell in the mid-70s percent of our kind of available ad impressions. We announced we sold in this upfront, in the low to mid-80s. And I think that was sort of a smart decision and one that we felt was appropriate, given any uncertainty around the economy of the advertising market going forward. 
