Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you very much, Ben, and good morning. So the opportunity is huge, and that's really because this sports-focused platform is focused entirely on cord -- not cord-cutters but cord-nevers. So if you look at the American market, is roughly, say, 125 million households in America and roughly half of those are not within the traditional bundled cable ecosystem. And so the target for this product, which is going to be I think, incredibly innovative when you see it roll out is really that universe of, call it, 60 million-odd households that currently don't participate in the bundled cable and pay television ecosystem. So we think it's a tremendous opportunity. We've been working on it for -- I think it's been reported this [ Swin ] fairly accurately for several months now. I've been lucky enough to have seen some of the prototypes for this service. And again, it will be unique and I think very innovative when you see it roll out. In terms of the risks and particularly for FOX News, I think the risks are very low, and that's because of the focus of the sports product being on the cord-nevers. FOX News continues to be top rating cable network and our distributors, our partners really value that channel and that brand as it really drives tremendous viewership and audience and engagement for them, we think we'll continue to do so within the traditional cable and pay television bundle. 
Lachlan Murdoch: Well, let me start back to front, Robert. So there's no impact on the Netflix-WWE deal at all. So I don't think that plays a factor in this and a fact in how we approach our portfolio of sports rights. We will be aggressively competing in the sports market for sports rights, but nothing has changed there. The primary business and value in FOX Sports is competing both for every subscriber in the traditional cable pay-TV bundle and advertiser, viewer and ultimately, advertisers. So sports remains a competitive business which we -- frankly, we thrive in, and we don't see any difference to that. What led to this now, I think we've answered many questions on these quarterly calls over many years about when we are ready to launch a streaming service such as this, and we will do it. And we've been monitoring the space, obviously, for years, past few years, in particular. And as we developed with our partners the concept around a very unique and innovative product, we felt now was the right time to launch such a product. Really into a new market, right? It's a new market where there's no product serving the sports fans that are not within the cable and TV bundle. So it accesses -- for us, it accesses a whole new market and really drives a tremendous amount of new reach that we weren't servicing before. 
Lachlan Murdoch: I've lost track. Okay. So ad contribution advertising and cable -- cable advertising. After this, we won't need any more questions. I'll cover the whole gamut. Thanks, John. On the cash side, I'll let Steve fill in. But it's -- obviously, this business has both the -- there's marketing and other costs associated with running the business in the partnership, but it's also the revenue that we garner through affiliate fees for our networks. That come out as the business grows. But I'll let Steve fill in on the detail. 
Lachlan Murdoch: And then on advertising, I think the advertising outlook is, as I mentioned, with news, but you could apply this term to the overall market as sort of nuanced as we look at it. If I start with sports, we had a very solid regular NFL season from an advertising perspective. And I think of a stronger NFL post-season, which we were very pleased by. But also that was a -- it's a smaller revenue line, but we had a fantastic College Football season, really -- I think the story of this past autumn was really the strength of College Football and particularly as advertisers, sort of a founded and appreciated the quality of the audience watching College Football. Coming up, if we look forward, obviously, we have the DAYTONA 500 and then the start of the regular Major League Baseball season in March and there's a lot of positive momentum with advertisers with those. FOX News, you have a positive trend with DR pricing. Direct response pricing is still down. But as you start to lap the comparisons from last year, it's certainly improving quite a lot. We have an impact from preemptions with election and unfortunately, with our war coverage, so the preemptions are affecting. And ratings are continuing to improve. So we're happy with where we are at FOX News as all those trends are improving steadily. Local stations is probably the most mixed, but you have a bad comparison, particularly in the current pacings with Super Bowl comps this time last year. It's probably about $50 million in Super Bowl revenue just in the station group this time last year. So the comparisons are quite tough as we go forward. But we remain confident that we'll see a record political cycle. This is slightly ameliorated. I think, in the current quarter with the lack of sort of competitive primary competition. But we're already seeing business in the first half of next year start to flow in from a political perspective. And it's obviously -- it's sort of national because our stations, we have a large number of stations in our key political markets like Georgia and Michigan, Pennsylvania, Arizona and Wisconsin. So we're very confident in a very strong political cycle once that really starts to flow. And then finally, with Tubi. TubiTV has continued to grow, I think, at 63% and obviously, with the TubiTV growth, the revenue is following. The revenue growth is slightly less or somewhat less than it was last year. But in the sort of streaming environment, we're very happy with its growth. So that's -- on advertising scatter pricing is all above upfront pricing. So that's positive. And then finally, on the cable affiliate subscribers and fees. We are in an environment where -- I think we called out it's roughly 8% cable erosion and yet our cable affiliate fees have grown in this quarter. So I think that really shows the strength of our brands and our programming in the cable universe. So we're very pleased with that. 
Lachlan Murdoch: Jessica, so the -- first on how it affects the overall pay TV bundle. Again, the key market, the market that we will be driving towards is the market that sits outside the sports fan, who sits currently outside of the traditional pay TV bundle today, and there's tens of millions of them. So we are very confident that this is a large market and a large opportunity that we can address without undermining the traditional bundle. We -- obviously, we've been working on this for several months. We've done lots of sensitivity analysis, and we would not be launching this product if we thought it was going to significantly effect our pay-TV affiliate partners, and that's very important to us. We remain, I think the biggest supporters of the traditional pay-TV bundle. We think there's tremendous value in the pay-TV bundle for the consumer who wants to get it all at an affordable price. The big bundle is still the best way to get that programming on those brands. So we are confident that this product will be additive and will give us incremental subscribers and not affect significantly the traditional bundle. And the openness to ad partners, that's not something that we're considering at this stage. We think that the 14 linear networks that this service offers gives people a tremendous amount of content between ABC affiliates, FOX affiliates, ESPN, ESPN2, ESPN News, the SEC network, FOX affiliates, FOX Sports 1 and 2, the Big 10 Network, TNT, TBS and others. It's a tremendous offering that covers the majority of the key sports in this country, NFL, NBA, WNBA, Major League Baseball, NHL, et cetera, college, obviously, NASCAR and so on. So we think it's an incredibly strong offering and at this stage, we're not contemplating adding partners to it. I think the third question, Jes, was on advertising revenues. And so advertising revenues will flow through this. So the advertising that we have on our linear networks will flow into this service and will just give us increased reach to a market that hasn't seen those -- that advertisers engage with those clients before. So we think it's a net positive. 
Lachlan Murdoch: I thought it was unfair that Steve will get the easy question and -- then you asked the second question. So anyway, I'll let Steve address the sports sublicensing first. 
Lachlan Murdoch: So on the affiliate revenue acceleration, I think the -- if you look at them two -- and can we currently sustain that. We've now completed all of our distributions of renewals in this cycle that will affect the remainder of this fiscal year. So there's no more renewals negotiated that will effect this fiscal year. And obviously, we're rolling into renewals that will are -- that will take effect after this fiscal. If you look at the underlying rate of decline around 8%, and this goes back to a little bit of John's question. If we look at that 8%, actually in September and October, it was better than 8%. It was a little bit better. And then -- and this, we believe, was the impact of football and sports viewing in the fall. But then after October sort of as you get into November and December, the rate returned -- decline return to the sort of baseline at 8%. So for the immediate future, we don't see that changing. There's some cyclicality within that. But I think the 8% is a number that we're sort of baking into our assumptions. With that, we believe, as we've achieved in the -- over the last year, where we renewed over 1/3 of our distribution. We've been able to achieve rate increases that have made up for those declines. And that is because of the strength of our brands, the strength of our programming and really where they sit, having sort of focused strategy on a key number of very core brands that are essential for the -- for distributors and for their customers, that we'll be able to maintain similar rates of change going forward. 
