Rupert Murdoch: Thank you, Reed. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you very much for joining us today. I would like to start with some of the remarks and turn it over to John to review our financial performance. After that, Chase will provide an operational update before we move on to questions and answers. Let me take a moment to highlight what we have achieved since introducing Twenty-First Century Fox to you at our August 2013 Investor Day. That day we provided a road map for how we intended to achieve industry-leading performance in the first fiscal year since our separation. We executed well against this plan, tackled challenges and continue to be focused on the strategic objectives we presented to you a year ago. Financially, we just concluded this past fiscal year with the strongest quarter of the year. Our earnings growth this year has been broad-based. It has been driven by the themes you know well by now. Strong affiliate revenue momentum domestically and abroad, continued growth of retransmission fees, and increased content monetization. Taken together, we found this quarter's confidence in our ability to achieve our fiscal 2015 and 2016, even as we continue to invest in our long-term growth. We are committed to delivering value for our shareholders, not only through earnings growth, but also through robust capital returns. In that regard, yesterday, our Board authorized a new $6 billion share buyback program. It is effective immediately and will be completed within 12-months. Just as we have completed the $4 billion share buyback program authorized last August. We believe buying are own stock when it is underpriced represents a unique opportunity to maximize shareholder value over the long-term. And at these levels, we believe our stock is severely undervalued. We have had a busy year considering and executing many strategic transactions. Transactions that will further about our ability to drive long-term value for all of our shareholders. We could not be more pleased with our recent agreement to combine our European satellite television holdings to create Europe's leading pay television business. With this transaction, Sky Europe will be poised for a new level of growth. With our 39% ownership stake, we will enjoy the benefits along with all shareholders. Let me briefly address the topic of Time Warner. We made a formal proposal to acquire Time Warner because we viewed it as a unique opportunity with clear strategic benefits. Having been refused Time Warner's Management and Board to engage with us to explore this compelling offer, coupled with the reaction in our share price that undervalued our stock, resulted in our conclusion but this transaction was no longer attractive to Fox shareholders. As you know, yesterday we walked away. This is our resolute decision which is why we formally withdrew our acquisition offer. Twenty-First Century Fox is an amazing company and our future has never been brighter. I am deeply proud of our businesses and confident and our ability to create growing value for our shareholders. Over the year, our team of outstanding executives, animated by our culture of entrepreneurialism, commercial acumen, and creative audacity has delivered outstanding operational performance and earnings growth, resulting in superior shareholder returns. We look forward to building on that track record, while we remain opportunistic and nimble; we are a strategically complete company and have a clear sense of where we are going. To tell you more about our progress towards our goals. I will now turn it over to John Nallen.
Rupert Murdoch: I did, Anthony, if you look at it that way, the affiliate growth we reported at 19% domestic would be in the low-double digits excess and the ad growth that we reported to 12% would be in the mid-to-high singles.Anthony J. DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.,: Thanks a lot.
Rupert Murdoch: Well, I think simplistically its point clearly in working progress and digital platforms are going to be tremendously important part of our future, particularly the mobile ones and I guess everybody talk about almost like competing with us and realistically the content we – the content brands we have probably the context in the brand that are most in demand on these platform. So I think there in a ways we will explode it some of that is through complementary experiences that complement or core establish business in FX now that complement but FX exist in places they can move to be it some up more independent, certainly Hulu which we have – obviously much more independent and autonomous we obviously participate in it licensing product to other. So you know its not only wholly-owned in operated certainly we have deep relationships with Hulu, Netflix, Amazon and the like I think we do those things with care to make sure all of those businesses can exist, but I think we see growth opportunities in each and everyone of those from ones that are extensions, ones that are or more new platforms, platforms that we owned part of and third-party platforms that are all part of the mix. And I think added on top of that which is really part of this whole digital experience his how do we then – how do we really starts up monetizes viewership not just monetizes – not just sort through payment strains but you know the question, the viewership already talked about sort of what’s happening viewership going and many of people are watching is much of products – watch again more and more places and we got to catch up with sort of the ability to figure how do we monetizes and capture the value inherent in that viewership and some of that to measurement, some of that’s true technologies like targeting, some of that’s being smarter of advertising that makes an entertaining khanate of advertising and the like. And all of these things, we're clearly just at the start of. I think it is all going too evolved and we need to realistically compete and develop those opportunities, both in terms of the content packaging, the content experiences, the types of content extension that come off of it, as well as monetizing all of that viewership at every level. It is all important.Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.:  Got it. I will reserve my follow-up for another time. Save it for somebody else. I know we are late in the day. Thanks.
Rupert Murdoch: I’ll just add to that it took seven years for Fox News to turn a profit. And, today its making $100 billion is it. These things take time.
Chase Carey: We build ourselves. You look all of our best businesses we have started them ourselves. And we are very happy with that. We are not, you said buying anything around. We are not going to buy anything around at all, if there was something very unique, but small, I don’t know, I would say never, but we have no plans to go out on the acquisition trail.
Chase Carey: I'm when you think on average they sort of average about five or six, five actually John was saying seven I was going to say five or six that’s a little longer. I mean there are always a couple coming up, we are actually pretty good renewing, we just extended that cavilers.
Chase Carey: After the LeBron arrived we've got a couple we’re well engaged in now, obviously we recognize complexities in navigating the space. There are places we will decide as it makes sense for us as we did with the Dodgers in LA. They are pretty long-term. I think we feel pretty good about where we are with those agreement in aggregate.
Chase Carey: Yes, we are here. David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Good. Got the hard part done. First question, more specifically for Chase, could you talk about how the dialogue with respect to reverse comp has evolved over the last year or two? Could you give us a sense of where you think things our shaking out and where they have come from? Secondly, for all of you, how do you think about -- it's been a year since you've recapitalized Hulu with your partners. You've gotten a lot more traction on the programming front, I think, since the recap domestically. What is the international strategy for Hulu? How do you think about how you're going to use that asset internationally? Thanks.
Chase Carey: I think in terms of – I mean on a reverse comp, I don’t want to get too deep into the sort of really what our discussions that we have with our affiliates, the basic premise is pretty simple, in the world we are in today and we've said it before, we believe you know you need to do a revenue stream and its actually we need to get build revenue stream for every household we deliver our content to and our most valuable content is the network content. When we have an O&O we can get to build revenue streams directly through our owned and operated stations, when its going through an affiliate there is the affiliates between us and them and the payments of that subscription side of the revenue stream. So we negotiate with the affiliates up front what we think is appropriate share a fair share for us to receive for the programming we provide to them that they in turn go on and negotiate with distributors to characterize for it. And in this world the type of unique content certainly led by the sports content we provide those affiliates, have an increasingly disproportionate value which is why we said retransmission and reverse compensation, probably continue to be the most under valued of any of the content that is distributed in the marketplace. So it’s an ongoing process to try to move that closer to what is fair value. Obviously we are nowhere near; they don’t want competitive basis fair value for it. In terms of Hulu, I would say our focus in Hulu are not domestic, I mean its – they realistically – I mean down the road you know maybe but Hulu went though [indiscernible] really good job putting a new team in place with him, I think he has really started to make an impact in the market. He seems to be more active in the last set of months, but I think his priority is and focus is to build scale at Hulu in the domestic marketplace and from there we will see where it goes from there, but that is the priority of it.
Chase Carey: Yes, I think going in I mean I think we said from the get-go, so it’s not new. You’ve got a measure these new channels. They are hard to build. Things will go right, things will go wrong. It takes two or three years to sort of build the channel. Particularly even something like sportswear and a variety of core properties that will be sort of the foundation have not even launched yet on FXX, we haven’t even launch Simpson yet, we are still ramping up in terms of originals. It’s all of what takes time. I mean, like everybody, I think forgets where Fox News was two years and our FX was five years and sort of…
Chase Carey: I think we feel – I think we have been thoroughly before and I think we are pretty sanguine about challenges are doing and I think we feel good about where we are, but I think we were realistic going in, where we probably would be. And, as I said building a channel its hard work we don't delude ourselves. But, we've made a lot of headway, we built critical foundation in terms of affiliate agreements and continue to refine the programming. So, we are really where, essentially, where we thought we would be and we feel good about the track we are on.Michael B. Nathanson – MoffettNathanson LLC:  Thank you
Chase Carey: Yes there its always little I mean there were some different I mean and I wouldn’t say no, in sort of the high level I would say not say I mean – I would not do the ad markets certainly robust at any level. In the summer you're always a bit of summer doldrums so it’s a little tough to sort of get it to really too fine tuned on the ad markets when you are sitting in the summer. I think as you get into the fall, you will have a much better sense of it. I think I'll clearly cable and broadcast from a volume perspective had people keeping money in their pockets. I think locally and obviously don’t have that the upfront dynamic in the same way I think the local market is probably right now for the quarter is tracking to be down at touch for the September quarter couple of the local sectors that I think is important, telcoms and autos probably look a bit soft for the quarter, but its it like to be a bit stronger but its okay. I think, overall, you find it certainly a place for everybody and use more cautious and I think that probably truly I mean in the local you got a little bit more sort of day-to-day activity with people the upfront creating little bit longer dynamic in the national market for broadcast and cable.
Chase Carey: And I guess in the first in terms of unique content, I think the right way I guess to respond is in two ways. I mean in some ways as they talk about digital “hey look we have a great portfolio of content brands and I think these digital platforms will evolve and will be part of it just from I think how do you continue to package and offer product, I mean in some ways people have said to what degree is Netflix a different version of – you know the version of HBO without the linear channel. You know Hulu as it evolves is it offering an array of premium original content without a linear channel and I think these digital platforms will provide an array of opportunity to package products. I don’t think – it doesn’t mean we are talking about goals that can create – HBO but I think there are opportunities to take unique products I mean in many ways look FX, you know I think probably is second and on in terms of creating unique distinct product and I think a real established brand in the marketplace. And I think we will have opportunities and we will continue to develop and explore them is how do you take advantage of these emerging platforms here and abroad, obviously we have just some unique strengths overseas and some unique businesses overseas to get it built on Asia, Europe and alike. That will give us opportunities to develop and expand and build on new things. I think in terms of sports, I mean sports, we've got the portfolio, I mean right now we've have got the rights in place to build FX – you know build Fox Sports 1 and develop it along the plan we laid out. You know we have the rights we need to be successful, I think we will look at, you know I think as we should we will look at it whatever rights come up and if there is better rights we think that fits and we could reach agreement on that would increase the value of FX1, we’ll engage on it, but we have a sports portfolio that lets us fulfill the plans we had for FS1 so I think anything we add to it would be sort of opportunistic to take it to a further level.
