Lachlan Murdoch: Good morning, Jessica. Thank you very much and I appreciate keeping your questions short. A number of questions, so thank you. I know it's tough, cause there’s a lot to talk about. But on the decline in the Pay TV universe as Steve called out, you know we've seen a decline of just about 7%. We're not seeing in sort of the most recent remiss that that decline is getting any worse, so it's obviously – the last year was 5% this time last year. This year we've seen this tick down to 7%, but it looks to have stabilized at 7%. And our focus is really in you know continuing to invest in our brands, particularly News and Sport, which are really essential to the Pay Television bundle.  So we're not in a position as I think a lot of the cable, general entertainment channels, which are – you know are more at risk to people going to SVOD services and streaming to get that type of content, whereas you know there's only one place you can get FOX News and there's only one place you can get FOX Sports. So our strategy is to continue to invest and be essential for all of our distributors for their Pay Television bundles.  And we've seen that play out through our renewals. We're at the beginning of our renewal cycle and so it's a massive three year cycle. I think in fiscal ’23, 34% of our aggregate cable and television segment distribution revenue is up for renegotiation. The next fiscal year it's also 34% up for renegotiation and in fact fiscal ’25 is still 28%. So we almost you know over the next three years, you know completely renew and refreshing and extend our cable distribution agreements.  You know we are well underway with the first – having completed the first round of those renewals and I have to say we are extremely pleased with the outcome of those renewals because our distribution partners do value what we bring to the bundle and our commitment to the bundle. So those renewals have gone very well and have met every expectation we've had for them. The split between cable affiliate revenue and television segment affiliate revenue will shift slightly. I think you'll see the television affiliate segment grow at a faster pace than the cable affiliate revenue, and that's just in terms of how we negotiate those agreements with the distributors. In terms of a potential recombination with news corporations, I really can't talk about it. It's actually an independent process going through with the independent committees and it's not for me to you know discuss the conversation. Well, I don't know the conversation they are having or nor can I discuss them, so sorry about that Jessica. 
Lachlan Murdoch: Good morning, Robert. How are you? Look, I think you know scale, it has to be focused right, and scale is important and what we've seen amongst our media peers over the last few years are our peers getting bigger through mergers and acquisitions, and so I think scale lends flexibility in many ways. So we continue to grow our business, we continue to look at M&A and be very disciplined in how we how we look at it, but we also do look at the importance of scale, particularly over the next couple of years when opportunities I think in the marketplace will emerge. They are having the scale be flexible and how we deal with them will be important. 
Lachlan Murdoch: So on TUBI, TUBI is being profitable in past quarters and we've made the proactive and I think prudent decision to use not this opportunity to invest in TUBI. Its modest investment compared to – very modest investment compared to what our peers are investing in their SVOD platforms, but we think it's a sage investment, because the opportunity to really lead in the in AVOD market is absolutely there for the taking. We are leading the AVOD market, but to sort of cement that lead and to win in the AVOD market is absolutely our goal.  So we'll continue to invest into the short to medium term in TUBI. I think particularly in an environment where there is potential sort of economic stress in households, having a free service is a great position to be in and I think TUBI will benefit from any – frankly from any economic chills that the people might feel. So it's the right time to invest this. It's the right time to extend our lead.
Lachlan Murdoch: Oh! And Flutter, we expect a decision in the Flutter arbitration imminently and you know once we have that handed down we'll assess our position, but we expect an imminent decision and we expect to be pleased by it, so. 
Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you very much. As I mentioned, I can't really comment on it, because we don't know if there is a deal or if there will be a deal, what that deal would look like. So it's hard to comment on anything or impossible to comment anything that doesn't exist today. So, we like you have to be patient, sorry, and wait to see what the special committees are – what the outcome of their discussions and processes is. 
Lachlan Murdoch: And then on the advertising market, it's interesting as you sort of look at the, what’s the word, the sort of ins-and-outs of the market. Like you know in some categories where local might have some softness or more fluidity in the market, you're seeing it being picked up in national advertising in the same category. So you know sectors that were strong in Local, now are strong in National. So there's some sort of swings and roundabouts there. But overall, the trend is really a flight to quality, particularly around our News and Sports brands and platforms.  So you know Nationally, I think I called out pharmaceutical is very strong. Restaurants, particularly quick service restaurants and even more particularly pizza category is doing very well. I know my household is – the advertising is working and media, really streaming, particularly as SVOD services are more and more competitive. They are spending a lot of money marketing themselves on our platforms.  On the soft side and we're seeing softness in wagering. Again, that's more of a local softness in wagering, but we're picking up a lot of that in national wagering, sort of betting spend and government health services, right. So this time last year there was still a lot of COVID-19 health advertising messaging from governments and obviously that's very significantly less this year around.  Locally, automotive remains very strong. Again, this is the first time in a couple of years that we've seen a local automotive advertising as strong as it is now. The other category locally that's very strong is general services, which is good to see, and any softness some elsewhere is more than made up by this record political year. I think you have to remember that in our markets, and we have a tremendous local station footprint, and there are Senate races in 13 out of our 18 markets and particularly the hard fall ones are Arizona, Georgia, Pennsylvania, and we're certainly seeing a tremendous amount of political spending flow through those markets.  But also you know this year, gubernatorial races, we have I think 17 gubernatorial races in our 18 markets. So it's an incredibly busy time and we'll certainly see it flow through in our political revenues.
