Lachlan Murdoch: Hey, Ben; it’s Lachlan. Thank you for the question. You’re right, a lot being written about and we are few more trees cut down. I think I’m writing about it in the days and weeks to come. Look, I think the fundamental – let me answer – there’s two part to your question. Let me answer – I’ll answer both parts, but let me answer the first part broadly and then specifically. So, in the journalism business, the journals in trade. What you do is you work out what your market is and you produce the best product you can possibly produce for that target market, right, for your readers or your listeners or your viewers. FOX News, the success of FOX News throughout its entire history has been to provide the absolute best news and opinion for a market that we believe is firmly center right. And we don’t pivot or change that, and we haven’t pivoted or changed that throughout the history of FOX News. So, we’ll continue to provide the best journalism with the best hosts, with the best analysis, with the best opinion, going forward, as we have throughout our past new cycles. And we believe where we’re targeted to the center-right is exactly where we should be targeted, as we’ve been. We don’t need to go further right. We don’t believe America is further right, and we’re obviously not going to pivot left. All of our significant competitors are to the far left. So, we’ll stick where we are, and we think that’s exactly right and that’s the best thing for the business and for our viewers. Now with that, we will see a return in our ratings dominance. As I said, we believe the center-right is where Americas politics are, and we expected– as we foreshadowed in the last call – our ratings to be tempered after this election cycle, and we were right. We’re down about 13% in ratings. If I go back to the Trump/Clinton election, CNN was down about 10% – 17%, sorry, and CNN – MSNBC 10%. So, CNN 17%, MSNBC – sorry, yes, that’s right. CNN 17%, MSNBC 10%. And so, we’re right in between in that metric. So, this is a cycle that we’ve seen before. It’s a cycle we expected. We look forward to the news normalizing, and we will go on from strength to strength. The second part of your question though about, about really driving the business, continue to drive the business harder and continue to generate cash, I think we look at in two different ways. One is obviously the pricing power of our affiliate revenue remains relatively untapped. We think we can continue to drive pricing for FOX News well ahead of any sort of volume declines in subscriber numbers. That’s very clear to us looking forward. And I think the other part is that the new businesses that we’re driving out of FOX News Media, now with FOX Nation, FOX – the FOX Business Channel is growing, the FOX digital, all of the FOX digital assets, FOXNews.com and our radio, Fox radio; and now we announced this past quarter the launch, the coming launch of FOX Weather. So, when we look at FOX News Media, really is a broader ecosystem of FOX News brands that are all growing, and will all further contribute to growing EBITDA and cash going forward. Thanks, Ben.
Lachlan Murdoch: Great. Thank you, Jessica. Nice to hear your voice as well. So, first of all, from an advertising point of view, our strongest category in the station group is entertainment, which is pacing up 10% year-on-year. Entertainment is really made up of two things. One is sort of streaming services, and the second is sports betting. So, absolutely the sort of wagering businesses, both locally and in the States, we’re wagering as legal but also FanDuel and DraftKings is really helping drive local performance at the station group level. I don’t have that sort of broken out as – not as even as a category, but as a sub-category in sports wagering for you, but it is in the very top growth tier for us. And then obviously, so we’re enjoying the growth of our sports betting, sports wagering on multiple fronts. One, from an advertising front at the local station level, but also obviously participating in it with FOX Bet and with our action, our option in FanDuel. We are really incredibly excited about the opportunities for FOX Bet. The Super 6, as we’ve talked before in these calls and in person, the Super 6 funnel at the top of FOX Bet is working very efficiently. We set ourselves a goal during this NFL season to reach over 4 million active users. I will actually say, we set goal – we ended up with a goal of 4 million. We started with a lower goal. We’re tracking so well during – middle of the football season that we increased the goal to actually 4.4 million users, which we achieved at the very end of the season. And that funnel is then successfully driving people into FOX Bet wagering, where it’s licensed and legal, and we just launched in Michigan, January 26, and it was a very successful launch for us in that state. The – I think we’ve talked about before, but the FanDuel option for our 18.5% is a 10-year option beginning this summer. I think its June or July. And that option is based on a fair market value, which are – were set with the Flutter acquisition of the Fastball stake in FanDuel. So, we will continue to be proponents and fans of the Duel brand strategy with FOX Bet alongside with FanDuel in these markets. And we are enjoying our partnership, our deep partnership, an important part of our partnership with Flutter. As to the NFL, this is a growing business; and absolutely, the NFL understands that this is a business that’s important to us and it’s important to how we are able to monetize our rights, our deals with them. I don’t want to go into the detail of the NFL negotiations that we continue to be in – we’ve been in for a while. We hope to bring those to a conclusion in the near to medium-term. But the NFL is very aware of the importance of sports wagering, I’m sure to us, I’m sure to sort of others as well. Thank you for the question, Jessica.
Lachlan Murdoch: Sure. Thanks, Robert, for the question. So, first of all, we see NBC Sports, the announcement of it shutting down as probably a net positive for FOX Sports 1. There is less competition, I suppose, although we never saw them as our main competition. This year, FOX Sports 1 beat both ESPN2 and NBCSN for an entire year for the first time ever. So, we feel very well positioned. Obviously, with COVID and with some sports being less available, opinion programming, which is probably very reliable and you don’t have the higher rights costs accounted for 35% of the FOX Sports 1 schedule and over 20% of viewing, which I think is important statistic. It shows that you can be compelling and you can win with a mix of both live sports, but also with the sports analysis and opinion that Fox Sports 1 has. Clearly, having a breadth of sports platforms will ultimately help FOX Bet and our partnership also with FanDuel. I’d also include in that obviously the local stations and the amount of time and effort the local stations and their news and their sports broadcasting also contribute to promoting FOX Bet and engaging also with our partners at FanDuel. The last part there in terms of about sort of sports rights, I think that the thing that Fox has always had as part of its DNA is really a focus on the major sports rights as well. So, it’s obviously Major League Baseball, the NFL, WWE. And so, our focus on our bouquet of sports is really the big sports that are going to move the needle and not so much in smaller – still great sports but smaller sports for other platforms.
Lachlan Murdoch: Sure. So, first on the ad market, and in this last quarter, we’re talking about, obviously, the impact of political as we’ve discussed, Alexia, has just been tremendous. I’d be tempted to say we’ll never see a political season so big, but I don’t think that’s true. I think when you have a Senate and the House so finely balanced, I think we’re going to see these records broken in two years and four years for sure. So, the spending was pretty staggering. Obviously, we have the additional bonus of sorts with the Atlanta station and the Georgia runoff, which I think contributed to. I’m not sure it was just a runoff, but the Atlanta station alone contributed about $60 million of political revenue in itself. So, in the past quarter, obviously the story, the headline is all political. I think in the current quarter, obviously we have difficult comps because of the Super Bowl, and obviously having had the Super Bowl last year, which by the way rated almost 102 million viewers. It was a terrific Super Bowl and a great achievement. That obviously, we can take that comp out. So, if we strip out the Super Bowl revenue, we’re pacing in the negative single – mid single-digits, maybe even a little bit better than that. So mid single-digits down 5%, 6% as where we would expect to end up in local advertising for the quarter. That’s a tremendous improvement if we look to COVID from a year ago, right. Every quarter, every month, we have seen advertisers come back. And now we are stripping out football and stripping out political and everything else. We’re about back to where we’d expect to be year-on-year. Of course, looking forward, the comps become much better because we will have been – we’ll be comparing to the first quarter that was CVOID impacted versus now being in a more normalized advertising environment. From a category’s point of view, I think I mentioned too in response to Jessica’s question, entertainment leads the categories; home, professional services, all strong. I should just mention that on the flip side, that automotive, which is obviously a very large category for us, is still down. But this is primarily driven, skewed upon by our domestic manufacturers. In fact, foreign auto spending is roughly flat. By the way, second part of your question…
