David Frear: The litigation charge that I mentioned is reflected in that, Barton. There's -- when you look underneath -- when you look beyond that, there's really no change in G&A outside of the normal trends. 
David Frear: It's -- the litigation charge combined with changes in insurance recoveries depending on what period you're comparing to is a factor of a little over $20 million. 
David Frear: Barton, I don't think there's anything about the webcaster decision that changes our -- think is the kind of relative merits of different business plans. The webcaster decision costs went down for us. They went up for our free competitors. I'm still mystified as to why, as a subscription service, we should pay more for spinning the same song that one of the free services that doesn't monetize as well pays. But look, the decision is what it is, on the margin, it's a plus for us, it's a negative for the webcasters. 
David Frear: Okay. So on the recovery, so -- it's we use a lot of outbound telemarketing. Jim just talked about it from the impact on conversion perspective. We use outbound telemarketing in collection efforts, on credit cards that don't clear when they first go through. And the FCC put out a very expansive definition of what constitutes an automated dialing system last summer. They put it out with no notice, and it literally was effective the day it was released. And so it has taken months for us to readjust our call center vendors, because they actually have to manually dial every single number now, so literally pushing buttons. And it's -- what you've got is, is that it's a different way for people working, and so it doesn't sound like a big deal, but the way their workday goes is radically different now. And it's taking a while for the change in practices on the desktop to show up in the same kind of statistical results across hundreds of thousands of calls on both the conversion side as well as the collection side. And it's one of these sort of gritty operational issues that you just have to slug through day after day after day after day. So we think we'll get there, we think things will improve. I would say that we have filed a suit to overturn or at least get re-reviewed the FCC's definition here. I think everybody in the industry looking at it thinks that it is overreaching, and we'll see how that goes. In terms of the leverage side of things, 4's a -- 4 we've had out there as a target that we don't -- we've always indicated no rush to get there, and we're always looking for opportunities to acquire things. And one of the things we look to acquire when it's a bargain is our own stock, but there are other things out there as well. So I'm not inclined to drive our leverage to 4x just on the back of a stock buyback, because I think it then limits our flexibility for dislocation and asset prices that we might be interested in acquiring. For a long time, we talked about roughly a $2 billion-a-year capital return program, maybe we'd be up a little bit of that -- from that maybe we'll be down a little bit. I think that's what you can expect absent us finding something cheaper to buy in the market. 
David Frear: Well, Eric, we've given our guidance for EBITDA and revenue, so I think you've got the margin. And as it relates to the effect of the NFL and the Howard contracts, we have a long-standing policy of not talking about major contracts. So we don't talk about the terms of programming contacts nor do we talk about the terms of our OEM contracts. So we'll continue that, that you -- certainly, it is incorporated in our guidance as well as our remarks for a return to margin expansion in 2017. 
David Frear: Let's see. I think that 20% expansion that I talked about is -- it's always hard for us to know this because it's a market where we don't -- there's not great visibility of vehicle turnover. So I know that Hooper hates it when I say we don't have a great grip on this, but it's really true. Over time, we think that the statistical behavior of turnover of the vehicle fleet will sort of make itself clear. But we are in way-early days of that. And this is a market, the 6 million is probably going to -- is certainly going to at least double in the course of the next few years and will probably triple over the course of the next 10 years. And when you're talking about those kind of growth rates, it's tough to put a pin in a number in one year. 
David Frear: It's a mix issue. You have some automakers that are higher than that, and some that are lower and sales mix affects the pen rate. So mid-70s is what looks to us is the right number to be using at this point. 
David Frear: Well, I mean, there's no hard and fast number there, right, so it's like how much more hard control can you have. They -- once they're 50%, they're through 50% [ph]. So I know we're not worried about 80% in tax consolidation, because before we can get there we will have used up the NOLs. And so there's not like an economic transfer from Sirius public shareholders to Liberty shareholders. I think securities lawyers would probably tell you that as you approach 90% that you're going to want to -- just like you wouldn't want to buy somebody from 49% to 51% and give them hard control. I think securities lawyers might tell us you don't want to take somebody from 89% to 91% and let them do a squeeze-out merger. So -- and that's certainly is a long way away. I think the bigger thing for us as we look out is what's the liquidity in the stock? Is there an active sort of liquid public float? Are the daily trading values large enough so that investors can get in and out of the stock efficiently? And as long as we don't see some sort of a liquidity discount working its way into the stock, I just don't know that there's a real reason to pay too much attention to the percentage. 
David Frear: Well, I mean, so look, as somebody said to me once a long time ago, there are worse things than paying taxes, like not having the opportunity to pay taxes. The fact is, we have very profitable business. The fact also is that we spent $12 billion in peak funding before we got to that very profitable business, and now we're rapidly absorbing the NOLs. We certainly do all the things that you would expect a company do to optimize its tax position. We've got fewer cards to play right now than others because we are quite clearly a U.S.-based business, right? All our subscribers are here. We got satellites that rain down signals here, and it's pretty clear where the revenues are generated from. If we were to develop an international component to the business, there then is the opportunity to begin maybe to provide sort of cross-border service arrangements and things like that to optimize your tax position. But as a U.S. service, it's -- you've got to work within the U.S. code. 
James Meyer: Well, I think there are 2 elements to it. Number one, I can tell you what it's not. What we do not see is an impact -- a competitive impact right now. That's certainly not what we're seeing. But there are 2 things driving it. One, as we have driven our penetration -- and think about it, we were almost 80% in the fourth quarter, we've gone deeper and deeper into lower and lower trim levels. That certainly has an impact on the number. And then also, quite candidly, the changes that were made in the outbound telemarketing laws this summer, as we reviewed those and absorbed those, we made a lot of changes in our cadence in the way we go about those things. And we haven't gotten back to where we were before those changes. We're deeply focused on that. I would like to think we're going to get back to 40%. I think we're probably going to be in the 38% to 40% range here for the foreseeable feature. 
James Meyer: Barton, as I told you and I said in my comments again, we look at everything, okay, and we continue to look at everything. I completely agree with David that the CRB decision in the late last year doesn't really have any impact on those things. But you should assume we continue to look at everything. 
James Meyer: Yes, I just want to make one point on the outbound telemarketing. And that is there are many, many elements that go into our marketing strategies. And we performed pretty damn good through most of those in the fourth quarter. There is a reason why many direct marketers use telemarketing, and that's because it works. But I understand your question and I've tasked our marketing organization for the midterm and the long term what other tools can we develop to supplement and maybe one day take away some of the efforts that we put into that area with other types of marketing. And you should assume we are going to invest and keep working there. 
James Meyer: I'll answer both. I'll start with Howard. I was pretty deliberate in my remarks not to give you a lot of detail because we're still working on the detail. But when we're ready, you'll be the first to know. I'm pretty excited about it. And for sure, it will include allowing our subscribers to access the video feed live of The Howard Stern Show. And we know from talking to a lot of our subscribers that's something they would like. And furthermore, many of them would like access to the library that goes back many, many, many years. Obviously, the creative experience for how this will be presented to customers will be curated and controlled by Howard. And we're in the process of working with him to make sure his vision is exactly what we want. But I -- you'll hear from us this year, that's for sure, on this one. And again, I want to tell you, I'm really excited about this. This was kind of when we did the Howard Stern agreement, it's very -- I couldn't be more pleased with where we are. And when Howard and his agent approached me this summer about -- I actually approached them first, and then when they came back and engaged on video, I'm really excited about that part. And we'll have more to say later. In terms of the spectrum, I think, what should be really clear is, number one, we are not a seller of spectrum. That's not what we're in the business to do. We're in the business to use that spectrum. Number two, we are investing today in chipsets that won't even go in vehicles till towards the end of this decade. And the reason we're doing that, which we're calling wideband radio, is so that in the next decade, we have really, what I would call, almost complete flexibility to use that spectrum for whatever we choose, obviously, within what our license allows. What does that mean? Very clearly, we could use it for video. Very clearly, we could use it to have 300 channels or more of audio. Very clearly, we could use it to be a major part of the autonomous vehicle rolls out over the next 10 or 15 years. And I think the answer to your question is, number one, that spectrum is very important. Number two, we've taken the steps to make sure that, that spectrum can be monetized by us in a very meaningful way, both from how we are working with our automakers and what we're investing in chipset technology now. And the use for it, not clear yet. But our goal is to put ourself in a position to use it for whatever we think is best for our shareholders and our customers. 
James Meyer: And on the incorporation rate, it's a great question. It's one that goes back to what David kind of answered James' question earlier on what are the trends. Obviously, the first issue for us is identifying how many of the cars we actually think have our technology and then most importantly finding those cars on a timely basis, so that we can immediately start customers' trialers. And I can tell you, customers do a lot better when they're given a trial much earlier in their acquisition process than later. Put it that way: our conversion is better. So I don't think I can give you the most accurate answer to that right now, but I can tell you we're working on making sure we can answer that more clearly. 
James Meyer: And by the way, I've done -- just even to show you how straightforward I am, if you call Hooper later and he has that clear answer, I'd love to give it to you. 
James Meyer: Yes. I mean, one of the things that David and I have kind of driven in our heads and changed, I think, is a change in our culture in the company. I know this sounds a little blasphemous, but we're less concerned about the conversion rate than we are the yield. How many, actually, total do we get out of the funnel, okay? And we're much more worried right now about how good can we drive the top of the funnel, and how timely are we driving the top of the funnel. And so because our acquisition cost here is so low, right, there's almost -- if you think about it, if you go all the way down even in the single digits, we would still go after that business in terms of conversion. You see what I'm saying? Because our acquisition cost is so low. And so we're looking at every way possible to drive the top of that funnel irregardless of what it might do to the actual percent of conversion, and we're much more thinking about how do we get more subscribers out of it. 
James Meyer: Sure. So Matthew, number one, thank you for pointing that out. I should've put that in my remarks. And that is, for those of you that don't know, we are now consistently in the low- to mid-4 stars, 4.2, 4.5 on our app on both Google app in the Google environment -- or the Android environment and the Apple environment. I'm really pleased with that. Our team's done a really good job. I can tell you, I've driven them really hard, and it hasn't been free to get there. But I'm really pleased where we are. I remain committed to one premise, and that is subscribers to our service should get our service however they want it. If they want to listen on the satellite, that's how they can get it. If they want to listen to it streamed on their phone, that's how they can get it. If they want to stream it through their Sonos or their pay TV -- I mean, or their -- some other way in their home, all of those things are fine with me. And certainly, we are spending a lot more -- investing a lot more money to make sure that our subscribers can get our service in a variety of ways and any way they want it. So yes, I would expect over time more and more of our subscribers to blend how they listen to SiriusXM. By that, I mean, listening to it in the car and listening to it at home through, in many cases, a streamed experience. And if you go to the heart of SiriusXM17, what it really says, "We don't care how they listen to, we only care that they listen." 
