Steve Tomsic: Doug, listen in terms of the amount of investment spending actually deployed in the quarter is actually relatively modest. We called out at the Investor Day, somewhere between $200 million and $250 million of net EBITDA investment over the court to that year. And I would say, less than 10% of that was deployed over the quarter you will see a significant amount of that come through in the quarter we are in now. Because we obviously got WWE that launched on October 4. We are now right in the middle of the full schedule and entertainment programming in Fox Nation, we continue to build in terms of the programming in the marketing.
Steve Tomsic: Hey, Michael, it's Steve here. In terms of the retrans benefit, it pretty much is a straight move from taking what they were paying us from those stations from a programming fee perspective and then assuming them into our retrans rates. That's a pretty immediate impact and synergy benefit of taking the station on to their balance sheet. So adversely hits our P&L from day one. Remember though, this won't close until later in the fiscal year. So you probably won't see much of that in fiscal '20.
Steve Tomsic: Hey, Jon, it's Steve. I think -- that’s around the mark. You should see the pattern here and it's a similar pattern to what we saw last year, which is September quarter and December quarter pretty flat for us, and you should see -- so you should expect December this year to be a similar kind of performance for us. But then with renegotiations that we’ve just done, which Lachlan outlined in his opening remarks, the right resets that we get out of those renegotiations really begin to kick in at the start of the calendar next year. So when you look at the first half, second half growth rate, the growth rate will absolutely be skewed to that that second half and in particular at third quarter, where you will see the benefit of those rate resets really kicking. Again, it will be skewed towards retransmission growth as against cable affiliate. But we feel pretty comfortable where we are after the full-year and also that $2.65 billion target for calendar '22.
Lachlan Murdoch: Great, Jessica. Those aren't tough questions. So I'm happy to take them. So thank you. Look, from an advertising point of view talk a little bit about Super Bowl in a second, but in the quarter, despite some of the comparison that Steve mentioned in his earlier comments, advertising has been quite strong, particularly across the entertainment and sports categories. We had a very successful upfront with entertainment pricing up double digits. And with sports pricing up high single digits, which we be very pleased to achieve. In addition, that one of the critical goals of our upfront was also to set the WWE pricing to broadcast pricing, not cable pricing and we did that very successfully. Categories in the market are -- a number of categories are incredibly strong. The streaming services with Disney, Netflix and Apple are recently being spending good money. The tech sector, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, very strong clients. Pharmaceutical has been strong, they have been moving some of the money between demographics. So from -- some money out of news, but on to -- on the sports and entertainment. And of course the financial services sector. Clients like GEICO, Progressive, State Farm have also been -- being spending good money and supporting us very well. So we are happy with where we’re haven’t mentioned news. News, pricing and the upfront was up mid single-digits. The news market as advertising market is softer, then in entertainment and in sport, we think that’s because of some of the ratings deficiencies at our competitors that are some volume has been given away more cheaply than we would agree to. So we were finding the news market softer than sports and news. Pacing in the -- sorry in the quarter, our scatter pricing was up about 25%. There's very little scatter, so it's a good statistic. And going forward, it is lower than that, but still up -- well above the upfront, which leads us to the Super Bowl. We are well ahead of last year's or so -- we -- obviously we don’t know last year as our competitor, but we’re well ahead of our last Super Bowl, where we were selling at this stage in the year. We're sold out of all of our A positions, and we’ve really good momentum as we continue to sell the Super Bowl. So we are very confident that the pricing will be -- I don’t want to give the number, but they're quite the pricing will certainly be the highest cost per 30 second ad in a Super Bowl to date. So we are very pleased with that. On the NFL, we don't have an update for you terms of where we are with negotiations. Obviously, we're engaged with the NFL everyday as we broadcast their fixtures. And -- but negotiations with the NFL in terms of a renewal of any of the packages has not started yet.
Lachlan Murdoch: [Indiscernible]. But look the buyback is just one element of our overall discipline balanced allocation of our capital. So today we're pleased to announce that authorization and the deployment of the $500 million and I'd remind you that this announcement is right in line with the timetable that we had established. It's been well developed by our Board, established in the best interest of all our shareholders and with its adoption ongoing authorizations will be determined as an ordinary course matter with the Board. Now to deal with your question, specifically, while we fully expect to complete the authorization, we won't follow a formulaic approach to any current or future buyback deployment. It just doesn't make any sense to us. So we will invest our capital where we feel we can generate the greatest long-term return and our investment for our shareholders and amongst the various legs of disciplined and balanced capital allocation.
Lachlan Murdoch: So, yes, Super 6 has been incredibly successful. If you look at the strategy of any of these Fox spend, if you look at what the strategy was in Sky in Britain and other countries where legalized sports, digital sports wagering has occurred. Having a free to play game at sort of the top of the phone to attract users is critically important, having with Super 6 and the success the very early and rapid success of Super 6, I think bodes very well to dropping from those users down into Fox Bet for pay game. So we are pleased with Super 6 and we are pleased with Fox Bet. I should mention and I didn’t -- I was remiss not to mention this to in response to Jessica's question, already if you look just in the New York, New Jersey market really for the New Jersey sports betting there are already 13 active gaming advertisers. And so, one of the reasons we were quite pleased about this liberalization of sports wagering rules state-by-state is not only do we think we will gain tremendous long-term value through Fox Bet, but also just from an advertising point of view, we are now seeing several million dollars year-to-date already start to flow through in only the very limited number of states where sports wagering is legalized.
