Chase Carey: Yes. I mean I definitely don't want to get into agreements name by name. Certainly, in the last 12 months, we certainly have 1 large agreement that would have been material, really, to an array of networks certainly -- I get you're talking to broadcast segments, certainly to retransmission. I think the affiliates are a bit more ongoing. I think we said before, we're pretty well through the retransmission really at this point. We did have one large one that we got done this calendar year. We have a couple more left and almost will come around probably to a second cycle of it starting within the next couple of years.
Chase Carey: For this fiscal, we have some deals to do. I mean we're always going to have them, and I think they're probably rarely a year we don't have deals to do. So that group is always busy at Christmas times, they don't plan Christmas holidays.
Chase Carey: Well, again, I think we've said with our priorities, they're a combination of sort of investing in our existing businesses to grow them opportunistically. Certainly, the channels are growing right now, and I think they're an example of that. Returning capital to shareholders and we've committed to the $4 billion that we're going to buy back this year, and as John said, we're on track with that. And I think of being opportunistic. We, I think, have acknowledged this still leaves us with a liquid balance sheet, but it's something we'll continue to address and as we run through this buyback, see where we are as we get sort of later in the fiscal year and determine what makes sense from there. I think this is a business in a world that's moving quickly enough that you want to make these judgments as you go along as opposed to locking yourself into straitjackets that may preclude making smart decisions. I think in terms of Sky D, look, we flat out -- we just -- we're pleased with where we are. Our focus is in growing that business, and we feel great about the business. Again, they just reported today, and I think it was really very much maintaining the momentum they've had in that business. But we're comfortable where we are and we'll do what makes sense as we go forward.
Chase Carey: No, I think the focus has been -- the focus is really Fox Sports 1 and FXX, they're certainly the short-term focuses. I think, FS 2, we want to be as successful as it can, but really the -- I think, that said, the priorities are FS 1 and FXX, and that's shortchanging FS 2, Fox Sports 2. But I think FS 2 is more to give us flexibility as we build out the sports channels at times. It's helpful to have 2 channels to -- where you play events and where you move. And I think we wanted to get the lineup set right. We had a handful of channels that we thought we could do something more with, FUEL, FOX Soccer, Speed. And we wanted to get those channels in place for long-term growth. That being said, I think the focus will be on the bigger channels and FS 2 will follow sort of behind FS 1.
Chase Carey: I mean, again, if you go back to the 2 channels, you talked of 2 new channels, essentially FXX and FS 1, what they really were was converting channels that were in place with agreements in place for distribution. And we will -- as we go forward and we have -- we've obviously done it with some, but the majority is still to come. But over the next couple of years, we will -- we have agreements coming up essentially, these agreements come up with, really, all our major distributors, and we will look to reset agreements to reflect the fair value of the channels that we have in place.
Chase Carey: I guess it'd be a touch -- a bit higher. It's below the average, I don't know. I bet probably can't do a weighted average off the top of my head.
Chase Carey: I think, I mean -- I know what -- I think, all in, with politicals, I think they were down, the markets were down like high-single digits. I think, with politicals and Olympics out, they were up. If you take the Olympics on a market basis as well, they were sort of up mid-single digits. So that was the magnitude of the market impact.
Chase Carey: No, they're not that material in the EBITDA because there are a couple that are still in the startup phase, Japan, Italy and a couple that are -- more properly [ph] said, the EBITDA number is positive, but not that significant.
Chase Carey: And it wouldn't be that meaningful to the U.S. because the U.S., by and large, were more converse since the networks that we'll get -- there's some resetting, but again the majority will get reset over the coming couple of years.
Chase Carey: I don't know what the -- I mean, I hope so. I mean, I think we believe that. Like we said, our goal for SKY Italia this year was really to stabilize it. I think that's on track. I think there are a number of things in terms of getting on top of the numbers like churn and the like that we feel good about. I mean, the economy is still really shaky. I don't want to get too far out in front of ourselves on projecting how that turns. We are making headway on the costs. We've got a couple of significant contracts we are winding our way out of that will help us on the cost level going forward. So I think all our plans are on track, and I think we've got some nice traction. In terms of some of the initiatives we put in place, it does feel like we're stabilizing that business. And certainly, as we look at probably over the next year to 2 as opposed to quarter to 2, I mean, again, I think for this year what we were looking to do was really stabilize the business and I think return to growth as we go past this fiscal year. So I guess, I'm probably talking more in years than quarters, I mean, quarters get a little micro to be talking about that business. But I think still our plan would be to say we're stabilizing it this year, putting good things in place that can sort of have it and getting on top of the costs that will enable us both from top line, subscribers, and bottom line, return to growth. The potential we still believe is there, even -- and that is not assuming the economy is going to give us any tailwinds. That's assuming the economy certainly for the next couple of years is going to continue to be pretty challenging. We hope it gets better, but that's what we plan.
Chase Carey: No, I mean, first on the latter, I mean, it's really early in the year. As we said, we really have tried to move strategically in how we approach the network, so we've launched a handful of shows. We've got a lot of shows in front of us. It's still early. Even shows like X Factor, it's been disappointing to date, but we'll see where it comes back out of the World Series preemptions. So as I said, I mean, it's been a bit mixed. And we've had some places that we have some upside, like sports, and some of the new shows have done well. And some of the returning shows have been disappointing. But it is a mixed bag, and at this point, we still feel we're on course to hit the targets we've got. But we've got a lot of things, a lot of events in front of us to go forward with.
Chase Carey: What I'd say about FX, which really probably is really not unique to FX, it's true about any of our networks. I mean what is clear is you're moving from up -- the world's moving from a place where the linear network experience is just 1 part of the viewer experience, and we want to have a brand on top of that network that enables viewers to watch that programming, again, in the proverbial when they want, where they want and how they want. And I think increasingly, we feel it's tremendously important for us for all our networks to have the ability to deliver that experience to consumers, build business models around it with distributors and ourselves that enable us to deliver on that experience and deal with -- continue to still deal with the SVOD market, which is an important part of our overall business, but create the right lines for where our content resides and how people find it. And I think it's important that we create the appropriate -- that our networks have an appropriate distinction and are able to distinguish themselves by the product they control and what they control and how they present it. So it is certainly an area that's important to us. And we'll be spending more time on it, but it's not unique to FX.
Chase Carey: For those regions, no, actually, if anything, Latin America has probably been a little better. I think Asia has been pretty much where we expected it. I mean, the regions I said that we still see headwinds are -- is southern Europe. But they'll always ebb and flow when you get to individual countries. But by and large, I think those places -- those regions, Asia and Latin America, have been -- we've been okay. They ebb and flow a bit, but if anything, again, I'd say Latin America, particularly probably, is more an ebb up in the last few months than down.
Chase Carey: I'm not sure we shifted baseball. So I mean, I'm not sure what you mean by the shift in baseball but...
Chase Carey: Yes. I think when we've talked, that was -- I think we had those -- that -- those rights in place, so I think when we -- what we described before baseball is not a shift from what we described before. So that when I talked in August, I know the baseball agreements were in place, so what we've been discussing reflects the agreements we've got in place. I mean, first, we're pretty much on track with what we planned for these networks. Again, what we sort of said was over the next 2 years, and that's really the investment spend and then it becomes positive in '16, fiscal '16. It's, in aggregate, over the 2 years, $400 million to $500 million, $200 million-plus in each year, probably a little bit actually heavier in '15 than '14, but $200 million-plus, and we're pretty much on track. And I think, John gave a number for the new networks in the quarter. This quarter, that was about $50 million.
Chase Carey: Yes. The swing was $50 million. So I mean, again, they didn't -- the FX didn't launch -- FXX didn't launch until September and FOX Sports 1 was late October. But right now, we're essentially on track with what we planned for those. I mean, as John said, there were -- there were a couple of other things that occurred the quarter beyond the launches of the 2 channels that adversely affected the comparison.
Chase Carey: Yes. I was talking to domestic. The $200 million-plus was worldwide, but the $50 million we are talking to domestic, the domestic 2 startups.
Chase Carey: Yes. And I don't think we want to get too granular on quarter-to-quarter. I mean, in general, it's sort of proportional [ph], but there will always ebbs and flows based on -- particularly as you get into rights and launches, which is just the nature of the business. As we said even our established channel, FX, launched a couple of big originals in the third quarter and that created a year-on-year variance there so -- or spending variance. So generally, that's the case, and it is also included in the business as a whole, with the effect on the top line as we go through distribution agreements.
Chase Carey: Yes, I mean, I guess -- I mean, I think, in general, I'm going to probably let the management of Hulu speak to the plans for Hulu. Obviously, we believe in it. We've made a significant investment in it going forward. We think there are real opportunities in this -- in the digital space to both create something that can be a real positive for us for sort of the existing distribution ecosystem, as well as a platform that competes with -- in its own way, with the Netflix and the like of the world in creating an alternative in that digital space. The management has only -- Mike Hopkins has only be in place for a week or 2. But I think he'll -- probably, we'll let him be the one who describes how that strategy rolls out.
Chase Carey: I guess I'd say -- I mean, certainly, southern Europe, whether it's sort of -- I guess you can say maybe it's -- whether it's bottomed out, it certainly is tracking below where it still was a year ago. So in our international segment, Southern Europe is a drag on a year-on-year comparison. I think it's -- I don't think it's necessarily getting worse, but it's still not where we'd like it to be. I think, for us -- look, we compete aggressively on all fronts. We actually have a free-to-air vehicle in Italy. So we want to be opportunistic. That being said, I think we are generally much more a believer in sort of long-term values created through revenues with dual -- through businesses with dual-revenue streams. And I think that would be the -- continue to be the core of what we focus on. I don't think you ever sort of say -- never say never to anything. And again, if there's a place to do that, that makes sense, we'd look at it. But I think, by and large, we believe the dual-revenue business model is the right one to really build long-term value.
Chase Carey: I mean, first, there aren't a lot of NFC markets we're not in, so that's a pretty finite world. I mean, we have a pretty full station group. I think we'll always be opportunistic, but I don't think you can say that it's a strategy when there's only a couple of markets we're not in. So I think if there's something that makes sense, we'll always look at it. But by and large, we're pretty pleased with the station growth. Though, as we did in Charlotte, if there's an opportunity to do something that we think creates value for us, we want to be opportunistic. In terms of consolidation, look, I think you're in a world where you're probably going to have a degree of consolidation. Scale is going to matter. Large players are going to get larger, we are. We're launching new networks to be able to expand our content. I think we're pretty comfortable with our ability to meet our goals and to navigate this space and believe we have enough wind at our back and do believe content still is the place to be in a digital world that is -- as much as there is -- as fast as there's consolidation, there seem to be new buyers. So I think we probably would not be surprised if there is consolidation, but I don't think it changes our expectations or plans or confidence in our ability to execute our plans.
Chase Carey: I mean, I guess, everybody always tries to sort of look at film business and draw sort of -- draw conclusions about sort of the -- about trends and how films are being made. I mean I think, realistically, you try and make great films, and some of those are less expensive, some of those are more. I think you'd be realistic about the business you're in. So the last 3 to 4 years is that -- 5 years, the home entertainment market shifted. You got to be realistic about how you approach and what you invest in and how you navigate a business that, obviously, is a complicated one to navigate. But I think the minute that you start believing there are formulas for sort of what types of films to make, I think you probably are putting yourself in a corner. So I think you continue to look for great films. Some of those will be the low end, some of them the high end, some of them in the middle. And we've got a couple of big films next year we're very excited about. We've got -- we had a film this year on the other end like The Heat, which was great for us. So I think those sort of conclusions or judgments are really not how you manage the business by filling up -- putting -- trying to fill up slots.
Chase Carey: We feel -- I mean, it's difficult to sort of go through them one by one because it's a -- in many ways, we've got a blur of activity. As I said, what is clear, whether it's FOX or FX or Sports or News for that matter, we're clearly moving very quickly into a multidimensional world, a multi-platform world and people accessing that content in different shapes and forms and want to have an ability to create experiences around that content, and we've got to meet that. And actually, we feel good. We -- on the FOX Network, we've had a position of leadership in the sort of social networking space really for a period of time now. We want to build on that. We think things like -- some of the relationships we touched on are exciting additions to that but, by and large, it is important for us to continue to provide abilities for our consumers and in some ways, our distributors, the right business relationships to deliver new and exciting experiences to consumers.
Chase Carey: Oh, the SVOD. Yes, I think the SVOD -- I mean, look, it's a significant -- certainly, it's an important business for us. We're actively engaged in it. I think, this year, we're probably expecting it to be sort of reasonably flat year-on-year. But that being said, that's sort of -- it's one we don't want to get in front of ourselves projecting. There's a lot of discussions going on, on product that's not in those projections. This -- I mean, in many ways, SVOD is part of a larger -- sort of the larger digital space. So I don't think you want to sort of define it too narrowly in terms of the appetite for our product in these digital platforms. It is one we continue to aggressively pursue certainly internationally. It's probably an area -- it is in earlier-growth stages as the number of countries are just -- the number of the players are just moving into. But I think you're going to continue to see players in this, and we're obviously going to be part of it from different directions, as people talk about FOX NOW or FX, On Demand, and all of that becomes part of this digital experience. And how do you monetize it? Both through subscriptions and advertising and sales. And we're going to participate in all fronts. I mean, the pure SVOD revenues, again, for the current year will be -- I think are reasonably flat year-on-year for us. But there are a lot of discussions going on that aren't necessarily reflected in those, and it's an area, in general, which I guess I'd say the digital platforms delivering a richer content experience that we expect to be a real area of growth for us as we go forward the next few years.
Chase Carey: Yes. I mean, certainly, the reverse compensation is an important part of our overall broadcast business. It's -- we're investing a lot in content that is still the most important content out there, and it's important for us to receive fair value. We greatly value our relationship with our affiliates. It's a partnership that has been good for all of us. But we need to have business models that enable us to generate that dual revenue, whether it's directly through our O&Os and retransmission or reverse comp through affiliate relationships that enable all of us to be successful. We obviously want successful affiliates. We want them to grow and be successful and be able to fulfill that partnership with sort of great local programming, with event national programming. And that's the goal we have. But as part of that, we do need to -- we need the reverse compensation component of it to be important. We think the value of our broadcast signal to everybody who deals with it is probably still undervalued competitively any way you look at it in the marketplace today. The importance of that content and the viewership of it still clearly is not reflected in what we get. But we've tried to approach it in a constructive way that starts to recognize that value and move it in the right direction.
Chase Carey: We -- we're not going to get into hypotheticals. We think this is a meaningful return of capital at this point in time, and it is what we felt was appropriate for this year as we move towards -- so as we move towards the end of the year, we'll see what makes sense for us going forward. I don't know if it answers it or not.
John P. Nallen: Well, obviously, it was impacted by politicals year-on-year. It was a very big political year, a year ago versus now. But the base markets were up when you take political and Olympics out, so we would have participated as in the growth of the base markets ad.
John P. Nallen: It's probably easier to go the other way, which is -- I think this will anniversary some time in the second quarter, which is why we separated it out because this year, we have all these brand-new sports networks. But in total, we probably had somewhere around $130 million of revenue from the sports networks this year as against really those sports networks not existing a year ago.
John P. Nallen: Yes, I think that the way to look at it is affiliates -- as I said, affiliates without sports, because sports are brand new, there's no comp, affiliate international is up roughly 20%.
John P. Nallen: And I'd add, as you dig into those numbers, the expense increases overall for the segment, so you would have a not insignificant increase relating to all those new sports networks that we just covered, EMM, ESS, Japan, Italy, et cetera.
John P. Nallen: I'll cover the second one, which is it's mainly the corporate overhead, but it also includes the intercompany profit elim, which runs heavier in the first quarter because of product moving among the divisions. So I think if you go back to the Investor Day, we indicated we expected the run rate of the segment for the year to be around $400 million, and that's about where we think it should be for the year. And on the first one, just to clarify, what we said is that our expectation is to incur, during the year, net investment of $200 million in the launches of the channels. The impact of that, the $50 million impact we covered is the year-on-year impact of the domestic channels, having the group of channels Chase referred to before against having FS 1 and FX, and that's the $50 million. So we're right on -- as Chase indicated. We're right on plan against all those numbers as we stand right now.
