Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Ben. I'm glad Robert left your question. But on advertising, look, we -- I think you've alluded to a softness in the market. We're really not seeing that across our major platforms. I'll give you a bit of the detail. The national market, the sports market for us is very strong, very robust. Obviously, as we enter the summer, it's a slower acquired, a quieter -- always is a quiet period for us until the fall when our key marquee sports programming is on air, but we are seeing pretty robust demand for time and availability in the sports market. So we're very confident with sports. In news, the direct response issues, which is a market issue, it's not a FOX News issue, has stabilized. So we're not seeing any more deterioration in direct response pricing. So we feel pretty confident in the stabilization of that piece of revenue. Again, that's really a product or a result of oversupply in -- with our competitors with direct response. It's not so much a FOX News issue, but it's something that certainly has affected our ability to achieve the premium pricing that we've been used to. But again, that issue has stabilized, and we think it offers us a pretty good platform going forward. Another thing to mention on news, which is just a small data point, we're seeing political revenue earlier than we've ever seen before. It's still small, but it's sort of unheard of to have it this early in the political cycle. So again, we think that bodes well for the fall and as we enter the more significant part of the political cycle. And then coming on to Tubi, the revenue is accelerating there. It's -- revenue is -- while it's accelerating pretty strongly -- Gabby doesn't want me to give the number. It would break most of your models. But it's not keeping pace with TBT. TBT continues to grow even faster, which is a great metric. So we have the avails. We're looking forward to Tubi being a central part of our upfront negotiations. It's clearly not only a strategic driver for us but have been an important driver going forward. Then when you get down to local base markets, that's where we're seeing more mixed results in the different kind of verticals of revenue. We're very pleased to see auto, again, continuing its rebound with strong growth in the auto category. The entertainment category, we're also seeing growth in and the restaurant category, where we're seeing growth in. But this is offset by weakness across other categories such as retail, telecom, and sports wagering and betting.  So the local market does feel -- overall. But again, we're looking forward for our businesses. Particularly in sports and news, we're looking forward to a strong -- a decent summer and a strong fall season. I think that's all the questions. Thanks, Ben.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks very much, Phil. On -- let me start with Tubi and apologies, Steve, for the capital management element of the question. So on Tubi, we're going to continue to invest in Tubi. It's at the same levels. We've been investing over the last year or so. We just think it's a tremendous opportunity for us. As I mentioned in my comments, the fact that we're now -- Nielsen's Gauge now has us over 1% of the U.S. television viewing is a tremendous sort of benchmark to have hit, and I see continued growth there. So from a consumer aspect and from a marketer's aspect, Tubi is becoming more and more a central part of usage and sort of an opportunity. And this is really because the focus Tubi's had or not -- we think of it over the last 3 years with our involvement, but obviously, the team there has done a tremendous job not only over the last 3 years but before that in really sort of driving sort of the best-in-class personalized AVOD experience, building an incredible library with nearly 55,000 titles in the U.S. alone. And again, to put that in context, that's 5 times the size of the Netflix library and now really being able to monetize that viewing in a more efficient, better way. So we're incredibly optimistic. And I would say the results are -- and we're incredibly pleased with the performance of tb going forward, and we think it's an appropriate area for us to continue to invest in. On the -- I'll turn it over to Steve on the -- on sort of capital management. But just on it, I'll just start by saying, look, we have a $7 billion buyback authorization. I think we spent about $4.4 billion of that. So we've -- my math's incorrect this time of the morning, a $2.6 billion remaining of the authorization. We fully expect to deploy all of that capital back to shareholders through our buyback. And any litigation has no impact on that at all. Yes, Steve.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, John. Look, USFL, it's still -- it's just the start of the second season. We're very pleased with it. We're pleased with both its ratings, the quality of the games, its performance on television and ratings. And also, frankly, it's a performance on the ground with ticket sales and engagement with football fans. So early days, but we couldn't be more happy with it -- with how it's tracking today. In terms of additional sports rights, we look across our portfolio of sports rights. We're constantly managing them. We look at sports rights as they come up. And we also look at them as they get renewed just to make sure that they are efficient for us and that we're paying a responsible and appropriate amount for those rights. So we're constantly adjusting, but we do it with, I think, a real commitment to discipline in terms of what rights we would acquire or dispose of. So it's a moving -- it's always a moving feast, but I wouldn't expect anything dramatic at all in that area. What was the last question? The writer strike. So thank you. On the writer strike, look, I think for us, we are well positioned for the writer strike. We think that with our strategic priorities and sort of strengths in sports but also in news, these are 2 areas that are not affected by the writer strike. And the audience will pivot on a -- when they're watching television to those categories. In entertainment, you have to remember as well, we only program 2 hours of entertainment at night. That's a mixture of both scripted and unscripted content. So we feel very well positioned there with that not to be affected by the writer strike really at all. There'll be some scheduling changes with some of this descriptive content, but it's not something that'll have a significant financial impact on us. 
Lachlan Murdoch: So look, I agree with you on the writer strike. I think for us, our focus on sort of live, live news, live sports, and frankly, the network a healthy balance of scripted and unscripted content on the network puts us in a tremendous position. I think what it -- the timing of the strike, obviously with the upfronts next week creates some what's the word I'm hesitancy of? It's hard to present an exact schedule, right? I you're only in entertainment, it's not if you're in news and sport. So I think it positions us very well in the upfront. And that's, of course, as I mentioned before not including the strength of Tubi going to this upfront as well. And Tubi will certainly be front and center in all of our upfront presentations, but also in our negotiations going forward. So, we feel very well positioned. It's early with the upfront, these negotiations will take time, but I think we're in a best position as we could, you know, possibly, hope for. In terms of the, you know, so the cable universe and what we plan to do with news and sport, you know, going forward in terms of any sort of a direct-to-consumer or alternative kind of distribution strategy. You know, as I think we've said before, you know, we are ready to go. We have the technology in place. I think we have the, you know, the teams and the people in place to go D2C when we deem that necessary or prudent. But, you know, for the moment we continue to drive industry leading pricing out of the MVPD and DMVPD universes.  Steve mentioned this before, our pricing has been, it's not theoretical. Our pricing has now been set in contracts, going forward. So for the -- we have a third of our distribution deals by third volume this year, this fiscal year, and another third, the next fiscal year. And we're very pleased with where we sit and where we've established a market price for our brands. The, -- and when you, just speaking of the brands, when you have, when you have the best sports business brand and the best news business and brand, these are products that ultimately right, will be part of any scaled platform, regardless of what technology is used to deliver that content and that platform. And so we see D2C in the future, and it will come eventually, as just one component of a broader distribution strategy. But it's certainly across any of those platforms or technologies, it's hard to see not having our sports and our news on those platforms. So, we feel pretty well positioned, Jessica,
