Lachlan Murdoch: Michael, thank you very much for the question. Two questions. John, do you want to address our success with affiliate fees, and I’ll address Roku.
Lachlan Murdoch: And in light of that Michael. You know I think we can say that I'm – I know we can say that you know our announced expectation that we will do a $1 billion of additional affiliate revenue by calendar 2022, we are absolutely still expecting to hit that number and cross the hurdle. So and that's factoring in the subscriber volume declines. So I think we're really doing a terrific job in driving those affiliate fees. In regards to Roku, as you know sort of widely reported last Friday our distribution deal with Roku was expiring. We went through frankly a very normal course sort of negotiation with them not unlike the negotiations we have with all of our distributors. What happens in these negotiations and often this is what becomes public as both sides prepare for a non-resolution of the issues, but ultimately they like all of our distributors and platforms so the value of the Fox brands and content on their platform and we were able to resolve our differences and agree to a new agreement really I think to mutual benefit. Throughout it all it was very professional. We have a huge regard for Anthony Wood and his management team at Roku. We think they're doing a tremendous stake, positioned the company to really be one of the leading if not the lead beneficiary of over the top streaming and we are happy shareholders in the company.
Lachlan Murdoch: And then, Michael, on the digital question, I think we're always going to play to our strengths and our strengths are very clearly live news, live sport and big event entertainment programming. And if we - you asked do we have what we need to succeed in those sectors whether it's on the broadcast or in a direct-to-consumer experience. We have the two of the most watched channels in America the number one broadcast our network and the number one cable channel. So clearly our audiences are engaging with our content. They're engaging with our content today in a number of different forms not just broadcast. I mentioned in my earlier remarks, I think it was 11.7 million people watched the Super Bowl via streaming. Our broadcast Super Bowl of our streaming and 70% which is actually a remarkable number 70% of those - of that 11.7 million watch it on platforms that we own. So I think we are already progressing down that path. And I should also just call out Fox Nation which is obviously a really excellent sort of direct-to-consumer product out of Fox News. 80% of the people who sample Fox Nation and take a free trial, 80% of them are convert - to paid subscribers. And December and January were the two highest months in history in terms of both subscriber acquisition but also and just as importantly in terms of engagement on the platform. So, we're really very happy with how Fox Nation is progressing as well.
Lachlan Murdoch: Look, it's something what we're always looking at, but we also have an eye on not damaging the current business model where we generate still and tremendous and growing amount of revenue from our cable subscribers. So I think that we have the capability to go direct consumer. We took the technology that we built with us when we separated from Disney. We are running direct-to-consumer businesses with Fox Sports in pay-per-view with Fox Nation and in a different manner through Credible. So, we're happy where we are now, and we'll see what the future brings.
Lachlan Murdoch: I'll let John answer the buyback - the buyback piece. But I mean I don't steal your thunder, John. But we fully expect to spend the remaining amount of $1.5 billion that we have approval to buyback share so. But I’ll let John give some more detail on that - on the…
Lachlan Murdoch: So - sorry, John. On the political pacing, it's really - it's very strong but it's - we're at the very beginning of it. Obviously we've seen from national advertising from both sides of the political spectrum. On the local side we haven't seen any advertising yet locally from the President's reelection campaign. But of course we’ve seen a lot of advertising already starting to come in from the democratic side. It's relatively short and I think it was reported in the Bloomberg campaign has expected to sort of double its advertising spend earlier this week. But the Bloomberg campaign is buying on a week-to-week basis so it's hard to predict that out. But obviously we expect it to be very strong and particularly as I mentioned in the markets of our of our local TV stations.
John Nallen: Yes. So, Michael, thanks. I would say the first six months of the year was unprecedented for us with the amount of renewals that we had all of which were successful against our internal plans. And you're right when we said in the separation that our goals were different than we were at 21CF. It was because we now had the opportunity to use the full power and leverage of the FOX Network and FOX News on a pricing standpoint and on a full distribution standpoint. And your phrase of bargaining clout those as Lachlan referred to earlier are the two most successful television channels in America right now. So we were able to use that to achieve multi-year pricing for those channels at levels that were at or above what we planned and distribution fully with our distribution partners. So I think those are the two that we were really focused on.
John Nallen: So, on advertising. So, you're right. We're obviously doing well because of our rating strength and obviously not just at the FOX Network, but at FOX News as well. And the – as I mentioned in my earlier comments we see that that ratings strength really just continuing. In fact last night over the State of the Union broadcast I think – I know because I’ve seen the numbers. Maybe many of you have already. But FOX News ratings were double the ratings of CNN and MSNBC combined. So it really is a tremendous performance. What we've been doing and I think others have followed our lead is working to build in as many advertising units as we can. This includes using the innovative use of sort of squeezing back advertising and having sort of a split screen sort of experience where you can cover some of the breaking news while also showing that the ad or the ad break. So we are gathering as much of that revenue as possible. I think the important note though around FOX News advertising is really the expansion in the number of marketers and partners that we have on FOX News. There's a growing sense in the market that if you want to reach Middle America there's no better place than placing your brand, your advertising than on FOX News. So, the advertising team is doing a tremendous job and we expect to capture a significant amount through the upside revenue as we run to this political season. And that’s not to say none of them have mentioned the local stations obviously in California we have two markets, in Texas where we have three markets, North Carolina, Virginia, Minnesota and now with the addition soon of Wisconsin now we are very well placed in swing states will it be a significant amount of our advertising spend towards this election.
John Nallen: Oh, the NFL sorry, I was too provoked for both on the first part of the question. NFL renewal conversations have early stages but they certainly have begun. We obviously spent practically all of last week with the NFL both the administration and many of the terrific families of the owners of the teams. We feel we're in a good place to work with them. As our most important partner to you know, to renew our rights going forward. But it's early days in the conversations.
John Nallen: So Michael, in terms of the affiliate, the combination of what you just outlined. So we got the benefit of an increasing that stub period in the final quarter of the calendar year with a couple of the renewals that we completed last calendar year. The other piece to it is just a little bit around subscriber mix where we obviously talk to the sort of heightened level of growth - the digital MVPDs and given the sort of more recent deal vintage there. The pricing is a little bit better than some of the older deals and so we benefited from that but it doesn't - as I said in my opening remarks we continue to expect that we'll get progressive increases in cable affiliate growth going into this second half of our fiscal year.
John Nallen: And Doug, just look, advertising I think both Lachlan and Steve touched on that advertising, we just haven't seen markets like this for a while. And each of our products is leading into this, each of our shows and whether it's entertainment or sports. But just as guys you'll remember, the upfront was up 10% and scatter is now up over 20% on top of that. So, it's not like massing. It was fully sold in the upfront, so we're enjoying the benefit of what is a very active market right now.
John Nallen: John, it's John. I'll - end it on really something Lachlan said at the beginning. This is with respect to the buyback which is our commitment to returns of capital to the shareholders is just an integral element of the overall balance capital allocation. We committed to a $2 billion authorization and we're going to complete that.
