Lachlan Murdoch: Hi. Good morning, Robert. Good to hear your voice. Thank you for the question. So I do think scale is important. And as we look at sort of our growth going forward and enhancing sort of our growth opportunities, I think scale is important, but equally important is the depth of our business. So we think about scale in terms of adding and broadening our sort of business lines, but also the depth of how we engage with our consumers, as we'll be investing I think probably equally in both. If we look at our strategy and how it's performing, I think you just have to look at our results. This quarter, our results have really been truly stellar. I think we stand out in the media landscape, certainly in this country, in terms of the health of our results and that goes to our strategy. We are very focused. We're focused on a core set of brands that are really must-have brands in the United States media landscape. So we like our strategy. We're absolutely focused on it, but we will pursue both scale and further investment in sort of the depth of our engagement with our consumers.
Lachlan Murdoch: Hi, Jessica. Good morning. So let me start with the advertising market. And as you mentioned, obviously, I don't believe I'll talk to the kind of the outlook. Advertising, like I know there's a lot of talk about advertising being soft in the market. We're really not seeing that. We're seeing advertising being sort of fluid and money coming in late. So it is different. It's a different environment than we were in a year ago or even a couple of quarters ago. But at the end of the day, we're still hitting our goals and achieving our revenue targets. It's just coming in late. And look, I think to be honest I think that goes to the strength of our portfolio, right? I think being in news and being in sports and the leader in those two categories, I think sets us apart in the advertising marketplace from a lot of our peers. So I don't want to say that that's our strength and certainly our relative strength in advertising is not indicative of the whole marketplace, but it's definitely indicative of our brands and our ability to achieve our revenue goals. So this Super Bowl to talk about some specifics. As I said, the money came in late. So we had some nervous moments. But we will right just shy of gross, about $600 million of revenue next Sunday. We are sold out. It will be a record Super Bowl for us, both in terms of total revenue and obviously in what we achieve for each spot. Ex the Super Bowl, if you back out of the Super Bowl, we are still up in national advertising revenue. And so I think that, again, bodes to certainly the strength of our brands and so the power of Fox. If I look at local stations, Jessica, categories, we're really happy to see a lot of categories back into robust growth. Auto is pacing up almost 30%; health, up 30%; pharmaceuticals, up 45%; travel, up 60%. And, of course, this is offset with categories like crypto money exchanges, I think down 97%. And so I'm still trying to find who the 3% less that's advertising. So there are some sort of swings and roundabouts, but the key categories are back in a very strong way. So that's probably more than you wanted on advertising, Jessica. On Tubi, look, all of our -- well, I'd say almost all of our KPIs are at record highs. I think December, the end of December was actually a particularly strong year in terms of TVT and engagement. And what we'll see is we'll see revenue. Revenue is up 25%, but I think what we're really pleased about is when your engagement and your total viewing time is up by more than that. As the market strengthens, we expect certainly more revenue to flow and follow that audience that we've garnered in Tubi. And all of the major studios continue to work with us. I think we're seeing benefit of people realizing that their libraries, they're sort of deep libraries, we can help them monetize those libraries. And so we're seeing -- you mentioned the Warner Brothers' deal, we're seeing everyone work with us, which is why Tubi has the biggest television movie library in streaming anywhere in the world. So we're really very, very pleased with it.
Lachlan Murdoch: Look, I think we have a –we’ll talk about the market, we remain incredibly excited and optimistic about the wagering market going forward in this country. Obviously, it will take some more time for further states to be licensed and you'll start to see a shift from wagering advertising and marketing shift from local markets to national markets. We're obviously incredibly well-positioned on both sides to capture revenue from the wagering operators as they battle it out for us, supremacy in each of their markets. So we've done extremely well at the local stations and I think we'll see that shift to the national markets where obviously FOX Sports and to some extent FOX News and the entertainment network will continue to capture that revenue. So we are incredibly optimistic about it. I think from a corporate perspective, we're also the best positioned media brand to continue to partner with our wagering partners, particularly, obviously, the 18.6% option that we have in FanDuel is a fantastic position to be in. We have about a 10-year option. I think we have about eight years to go on the option. And Flutter will be our partner for a long time. So we feel very well in terms of where we're positioned.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Doug. So in terms of the life cycle for sort of digital investments, I think the reality is there are teenagers that are putting on muscle and growing pretty spectacularly. So if I look at Tubi, as an example and you think about the key metrics we've talked about now for several quarters is the total viewing time, total viewing time is -- it's not equivalent, but it's like ratings. We continue to grow to total viewing time. The revenue that we're seeing follow that, and we have 25% up in this quarter, which I think is pretty fantastic. But the opportunity is much higher, right? Because the total viewing time has grown faster at a much bigger rate, a faster rate than the revenue has. So already within Tubi and when we look at these metrics, there's a ripeness for very significant revenue growth. So digital investments are adolescents, but they're a huge upside as they get older. And then when you talk about Fox digital, the digital assets, I was pretty amazed. We went through some numbers yesterday, just things like the local TV stations. The digital advertising business now at the local TV stations is really becoming quite significant. So when we look across our whole portfolio and we push further into our Web sites, our fast channels, our apps, this revenue is becoming very significant and even in parts of the company that you wouldn't expect. So we believe the future of our business is obviously digital and we're making that transition pretty rapidly and very robustly.
Lachlan Murdoch: And then on the affiliate question, John, I think we are now through for this fiscal year, all of our significant -- maybe one, but all of our significant affiliate renewals will start again in the very beginning of the next fiscal year, this summer with some important renewals. But for this fiscal, we're through with them. What we've seen in the renewals this past year is the importance really of our Fox brands with our affiliate partners and the pricing power that we have with them. And I think that's been pretty, very evident in all of our renewals to date. More and more, like when you look at the split between our cable affiliate revenue and our television affiliate revenue, we really negotiate those together. So we've been focused on the television half of that ledger, but you have to think about the strength of these brands as a combined strength and where we in the marketplace find are kind of best ability to push rate is where we do, and that's been really on the television side, the retransmission side of that ledger. But it's the strength of the portfolio that allows us to do that. So yes, so we are looking forward to continued success in our affiliate renewals as we get into the next fiscal year.
