Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Alexia. Hi. Look, I think it's a two-fold for us. What we're currently focused on is obviously leveraging our sports brand and sports content through Fox Bet. First through Fox Bet Super 6, and then obviously as we drop sports wagers down into the wager insights at Fox Bet. So, we continue to like that business, we continue to really drive that business and spend a lot of time promoting and marketing it and really building value through our pretty unique sports wagering assets. That's number 1.  And number 2, and I think this is important for us, because obviously what drives the sports businesses is first and foremost live sports and live sports content. And so, we've taken a very clear and -- very clear strategy, and we've been very open about it and very vocal about it, is that we believe the best place for our premium sports is on our broadcast networks. That drives the most value for us, it drives the most value for our affiliates and for distributors that partner with us with retransmission fees. So, by really keeping our content exclusive with our partners, we think we drive a tremendous amount of value, not just for us, but for the whole ecosystem.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Jessica. Let me share on News monetization and I think you connected us with some of the political revenues that we've seen over this past 12 months and what we're continuing to see. And we believe the mid-term elections and contest next year bode to be truly staggering. So, in a News monetization as you mentioned, the -- our share of audience is in-and-out 55% of cable news viewers is incredibly impressive.  It's a lot of hard work to build that share and maintain it. One of the [Indiscernible] things as a byproduct of that share is really the breadth of our audience as well. And then we have more independents watching Fox News than anyone else. And [Indiscernible] when we have just about an equal number of democrats watching Fox News as watch CNN according to Nielsen.  The breadth of the audience, the fact the audience is also demographically becoming broader is actually bringing in new advertisers and new categories of advertisers on to the news platform. So, it's incredibly pleasing to see. We're seeing scatter pricing for news well above upfronts and the market is strong. Obviously, local news is a big part of our news business as well. We now produce over 1,100 hours of local news per week. Many of our stations are now in -- if they weren't battleground states before, they're now -- after last night, they're now battleground states.  And we'd see a tremendous opportunity for them going forward in this -- as the next political cycle approaches. As far as Nielsen goes, I think Nielsen's all we know -- we like others believe that Nielsen data is imperfect. We'd like to see Nielsen invest further in their data gathering capabilities. I think it affects lower-rated, more fragmented sections of the market more than us, more than particularly in the mass scale of our news audiences and sports audiences. Lastly, Tubi, I want to get to your third question, Jessica. can't remember the specific question that was --
Lachlan Murdoch: Billing of the Tubi content. It's there's two elements of it. It's obviously the original content on Tubi. These, as you know, are very inexpensive Made-for-TV movies. As I mentioned, they are all designed to be profitable in the very short-term. Two of them were profitable within months, which was tremendous to see. And the second element of the strategy is streaming fast channels. Linear channels such as we have now with sports on Tubi and with news on Tubi, which are very low cost but help them drive the TVT.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Ben. Hope you're well. In terms of categories, we've seen softness in auto [Indiscernible] you specifically talked about sort of supply chain issues. I think if you look across a couple of categories, it's both supply chain, and I think in some it's shortage of staffing and employment. But where -- in auto being the key one and the largest of those where there continues to be some softness.  But these are more than made up for new categories, and growing categories that are coming into -- certainly onto our platforms. And the local the local side, clearly are wagering is -- mentioned it in my prepared comments, is booming across the local markets. Travel is also coming back and restaurants locally. So, these categories are more than making up for the softness in a couple of categories that are seeing some supply chain issues.  From a national point-of-view we continue to benefit from a very strong upfront and scatter pricing is averaging around 20% up above upfront pricing. Entertainment is a little higher than 20%, New is a little lower than 20%, Sports is about 25%, so it's averaging about 20 and nationally, there's some wavering money, not as much as local. But the crypto category, which is a brand-new category, particularly in sports, is booming as well as finance. And then Tubi International, Tubi currently, other than domestically in the U.S. is in Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. And our focus has been driving the U.S. business. But we do see international as a big opportunity.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thanks, Robert. So, you would -- with all -- as with all our sports rights, we studied very carefully to make sure we have a positive return on them and return on our capital with UEFA, as its 1,500 matches that we have available to us. The -- practically all of them will be on Fox Sports 1 and we will be the backbone of Fox Sports 1 through those summers where the Euros were held.  And so, you'll have the Euros on some summers, really being the backbone of our soccer -- summer soccer. And you'll have FIFA, the World Cups the other summers. So, we think it's a tremendous addition to -- for Fox Sports 1. We will have some games on Fox Broadcasting. We'll have about 4 times as many games as were previously aired on ABC, but that's only our 20 games versus the 5 that showed up on ABC when they had those rights. And we don't revisit putting Euro games live games on Tubi at this stage, although we could.
Lachlan Murdoch: I get the easy one. Now look, Tubi is growing both in users and engagement in TVT. One of the things that you do, you juggle or balanced probably better word than juggle, but then you balance is when you market for new users, you can, through in a digital acquisition tool. Very quickly, again, new users. And depending on how much you want to spend, you can toggle that up and down.  But that's a losing strategy if those users are not engaged and then spend only a short period of time on the platform and then you have to re-market to them, for instance. And so far ahead in the team are very scientific and very experienced and just balancing the new users that they acquire versus the quality of those users and how engaged they are. And it is really why the total view on time, which includes new viewers coming onto the platform really remains the best metric, because it includes all viewers as well as a measure of the engagement that they have.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you, Steven. Sure. I appreciate the question. I was surprised that it took 6 questions to get to Fox Bet and Super 6, as obviously, the business that are -- is very meaningful for us. So first of all, I'm not sure how much data I can give on Fox Bet itself. I understand that Flutter reported last night. And as the operator of this business, I don't want to give any information that are market sensitive or that they want to hold closer to the chess. But if you remember the structure of our joint venture, we have a Fox Bet Super 6 with over 5 million users as the number 1 national free-to-play game.  That drops people into Fox Bet. It's critical to realize though that Fox Bet includes in the joint venture and Fox Bet includes PokerStars and iCasino. And so over time as we monetize sports wagering, we also have the benefit of monetizing PokerStars and iCasino in Fox Bet. And what that means as we go through to really take full value and take full grasp of the opportunity fully, we are beginning to explore the process of getting licensed, wagering license, in order to fully capture the value of these tremendous assets for all of our shareholders.  So that's a process that we're just beginning. It's a complicated process because it's a go state-by-state in terms of where we would operate with our joint venture partner these assets. And so, it's probably a process that will take some time. Of course, we're also in our arbitration with Flutter under some of the elements of our options are 50% option of Fox Bet and are 18.6% option in FanDuel. And we expect that arbitration to be complete by June of next year. That's probably much that I can say on Fox Bet.
