Reed Nolte: Thank you very much, operator. Hello everyone, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. On the call today are Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; James Murdoch, Co-Chief Operating Officer; and John Nallen, our Chief Financial Officer. First, we will give some prepared remarks on the most recent quarter, then we'll be happy to take questions from the investment community. This call may include certain forward-looking information with respect to Twenty-First Century Fox's business and strategy. Actual results could differ materially from what is said. The company's Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2014, identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, and these statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such filings. Additionally, this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measurements. The definition of and a reconciliation of such measures can be found in our earnings release and our 10-Q filings. Finally, please note that certain financial measures used in this call, such as segment operating income before depreciation and amortization, often referred to as EBITDA, and adjusted earnings per share are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. And with that, I'm pleased to turn it over to John.
Reed Nolte: Thanks Rich. Next question please. To go to line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Reed Nolte: Thank you, Alexia. At this time we like to conclude our call. Thank you everybody for joining us today. If you have any further questions, please call me. Thank you.
James Murdoch: Thanks Ben. I think the last time when we talked about the sort of the profits that are pathway for the Indian business and actually since then the currency has been reasonably stable over the last sort of I guess nine months now. So I don’t think that had an additional impact going forward from what we saw then. But essentially you know the STAR Entertainment business, the local language and the regional language there is very profitable today, very attractive business and really where we’re investing a lot of those profits to build the sport business alongside that which we think we really have a transformational effect on the business since the acquisition of the half interest of ESPN STAR Sports that we didn’t own previously. And I think what we’re seeing now is right the peak year of investment in fact these coming quarter with the Cricket World Cup and series of events really making that heavy investment right now. But we that churning vis-à-vis quickly, I mean we have pretty good certainly on what those rights costs up like for the STAR Sports business. We’re launching two new sports channels, two HD channels actually just in the next month to continue to grow the portfolio. And we think over five year basis, this business STAR India is the very, very profitable business, we think we get to north of - I’ve said in the past that a north of 500 million of profit and do it with some pace and some velocity. And I think investing in programming and investing on screen for our customers is it been you’ll see everywhere around the business, we really think that’s the business that we are in and something that you know it’s super important for us and it’s going to deliver a lot of long terms growth domestically here as well as around the world.
James Murdoch: Yeah I guess we talk - I’ll start with the first. You know look I think these digital platforms are obviously very important part of a future. We’re spending a lot of time sort of trying to engage with third parties to hang on own and now this is what makes sense for us in terms of developing them. I am not going to comment on any one particular offer and we don’t - so we don’t have announcements today, we are working on a lot of things. I think well now something when potentially work, we’re ready to do it. I expect this to be an area where we are busy and do move forward but we’re not kind of well-structured to make press releases. You know I think what’s important then I am sure I assume the date is they offers its all resonate with the consumer, I think a lot of - a lot of what’s been out there so far seems to be whether it’s driven by transactions or deals or something or other consideration. I think we want to see can we bring things that are additive to our business and I think at the start we have to make sure what we do in this space as we do another place, it’s additive to our business but brings new opportunities and interesting experiences to consumers and whether that’s through a richer experience, a better interface and more choice. Again I think what we offer consumers today in many ways to pretty attractive proposition. But clearly their segments were not reaching in the right way and there are opportunities for us to expand and grow that and we’re going to be active there, but we’re going to be thoughtful about it as well and make sure it’s done in a way that is additive to our business as a whole as we go forward. And on TCFTV, I guess an important part and one of the core strategic reason putting them together. It is increasingly I think it’s - we’re not allowed in this. A lot of the upside of what our network represents in terms of launching programming is realized on the products, on the context side of it. So the real win-win for us is to launch content as we own, it doesn’t mean we are not going to have third party content on a network we will because realistically we want to have the best content possible when it does. We don’t sell content to third party networks we will do that as well. But clearly that sweet spot you know is there a network to be able to create assets that we own. And I think by putting them together under roof, we think we certainly create, meet those opportunities more available to us and certainly stream and decision making make the ability to identify needs and sure we are doing everything possible to maximize the opportunities to launch a hit show is done by having that studio and the network work together. But it is one of the core benefits that we love to in putting that studio in the network under Gary and Dana’s leadership.
James Murdoch: I think we honestly our best growth to have us. I mean in all - and that obviously we’ve certainly applied some of the newer initiatives like FS1 or sports internationally but excited I think talked FOX News which is they get stronger and we are ones again resetting that business, past business I think we are just really moving to now to really full distribute, full competitive distribution. So when I look at our portfolio channels both the establish ones and the newer ones, I think a lot of I think international marketplace literally if you look at round the world has got - is certainly somewhere mid-stream in terms of reaching its full potential varies by region but there as enormous amount of growth. We talked before about India where that is in terms of what we think that business as we more thorough this decade. You and ultimately I really mean what I say when I talked about additional platforms and taking event both direct and through other parties. I think for those who have - we really believe must have content, it’s sweet spot in a digital world, people - it’s the content people that want to watch, the RSNs, the reality and to so being sports cost but there are also the product that’s most in demand. And I think hit product is going to grow exponentially in value and importance and I think those that have the - have a breath of hit unique content will be ideally position to take advantage of all these platforms and create new offers and new propositions for consumers and opportunities to engage more directly with consumer in terms of developing those offers, monetizing the viewership, developing databases and the like. So I think in many ways - I think that will obviously put short term pressure because the pressure short terms will not - will take time to build the vehicles that we apply the short term pressers. But as we go forward, I think it’s an area of tremendous growth for us. I mean I think those who have and gain get unique content brand, that scale have really in the sweet spot to take advantage of these things. So I think are core businesses have a lot of growth left here and overseas in their traditional models not that some of those models are maturing but our business is clearly when we look at what we are doing with FOX News, look at where we are with retransmission rates and potential there. We think value of our content holds up. Yes, you’ll - as we said I think that the cable bundle really is pretty much in line with our expectation as I said before probably spring but I think it’s got real legs to it and still it’s going to be a cornerstone for a long time. But as we go forward, these digital platforms really open up a whole new dimensioning growth on top of the opportunities we have in the traditional model.
James Murdoch: Thanks Anthony, it’s James. I guess and first of all I would you know our buyers generally is to and particularly given the position that we have in markets outside the U.S. today is generally to invest in ourselves and to continue to execute and operate these business where we have - where we have reasonable position. I think it’s fair to say that we’re pretty happy with the mix that we have around the place, it’s a - we’ve completed a number of transactions over the last number of years from the acquisition of the Asianet business local regional languages in India which really gave us a new dimension to that business to the acquisition of that partner stakes and ESPN and STAR Sports and Fox Pan-American Sports and so. And I think we’ll continue to look at acquisitions where we can simplify our business where we can really add a dimension and really add velocity and pace to the business. But we’re not looking fill whole bunch of gaps if you will. I think we have a good position internationally. And the Chase’s point before about long term growth, I guess really is one of the drivers of our long terms growth, when we look at our emerging market’s position particularly in India, in part of Asia and other parts of Asia and I Latin America we feel very, very strong about the position. That’s not to say that we know real things out, we look opportunistically the verity of things as you would expect. But we generally at this point I think would have a buyers towards investing in our self-other than have built on kind of technical things that can help us accelerate.
James Murdoch: So on - thanks Jessica, it’s James. true[X] okay it’s probably a little early you will see over the coming weeks and months some further kind of developments in terms of the closing of the true[X] transaction and how that and that is in the business. So we are excited about it and really for us it’s about investing and the capability around ad innovation that we can service in the company as it does service multiple clients in the industry but also I mean we have hopefully accelerate the rollout of new technology and some new ad products that we think. Really at the forefront of thinking around how you monetize digital viewership, how you monetize time shift to viewership. And as we see the steaming share of time shifted viewing continue to grow vis-à-vis DVRs, really you have to remember that we’re really just in the very, very foot hills in monetizing that viewership and that viewership is very, very larger to material percentage above what our life plus 3 or life plus 7 viewing is. So it’s really about monetizing the streaming environment and being able to accelerate with new ad product for other broadcasters as well as for our self, but there will be more on that going forward. Fundamentally it’s about the acquisition of capability within networks group and we think - we really think it can done overtime.
James Murdoch: Thanks very much for and then I’ll let Chase to take one of the answer as well but it’s - yeah, look I think there’s no question that there’s such an absolutely enormous amount of original production going on right now. I think it’s less driven by the SVOD services is driven by cable network programmers getting into dramatic series production by and large and increasing volumes and the numbers are still going up. But I think it’s really important to remember that one hour scripted television is very, very different from another hour of scripted television. So the total volume isn’t really the question, the right question is what’re you making, how do you make it great, how do you stand out and can you be a place that can attract the great show runners, the great riders, the great talent to come and do incredible work and I think we’re very, very confident that creatively the teams across 20% Trifox companies can continue to execute. They’ve been executing very well but it’s not really a question of a volume here, it’s a question of how do you make stuff that’s genuinely distinctive in that environment where you have so much consumer choice. And I think the thing that exacerbates the competitive kind of dynamic around it is that with the availability of streaming platforms and the availability of vast libraries of scripted programming, you’re really competing with not just what’s on in the same hour but you’re competing with everything that’s come before. And that’s something that is a great creative challenge but one that we feel is our core business to try to ride through and to try to get great people to do that.
Chase Carey: I think I should say on the FOX on the network side on broadcasting I mean it’s not feeling doubling I think I mean in many ways what I am trying to communicate is what’s our priory and I think our priority is really building hits first of all most. And I guess I made the comment you know if we want to. Fine, just improve profits, we squeeze programming and squeeze marketing and we get the right move. So I don’t like it’s to be many ways you know it is making sure we’ve got a bench of programming as we try and develop these. I think this year we felt we were a little thin in terms of having available. I think we always know not every show is going to work then we got to make sure we have appropriate flexibility to build. But I think what we’re really talking about is stabilizing the broadcast and providing a platform to grow but I think that real growth comes in the couple of years not in next 12 months. So I think the next year will be period more stabilizing, stabilizing that business and putting it on our path to grow. But - and if I think I am talking more priorities and I think to the degree it’s spending. In reality some of our more expensive programming and like something like Glee is ending its run. So that is obviously there are some cost that will go away, will not recur as we invested new shows. But I think if you say what the investment, it’s probably you have a bit more flexibility and a bit more programming to launch next year to enable us to have a few more shorts that creating the hits that are the foundations for future. Obviously Empire and Dad can give us some exciting building blocks to grow off it. But it’s not a significant increase in cost. Again speaking more to what we think is the priority for the coming year.
Chase Carey: And I think at FX you know first I think it’s pretty much where we expected. I mean I think we expected for a couple of year because we’re trying to build FXX side by side with FX, we’re going to stretch it a bit. And so I don’t think that’s a surprise to us and ramp up program this allow two channels then obviously going from one to two, it does put some strength on it. As we feel right with the whole thing is I mean - I guess when I look at FX I probably at it first competitively now an absolute sense and there is a question whole cable industry and this is what reported is dealing with the issue of traditional rating declines. I think FX has held real one when I think actually it’s programming continues to if anything distinguish itself from its basic cable competitors more and more and I love it some of the shows that coming this year, I think they are great. So I think it’s - and I feel very good, I think we feel right about it, I mean really I feel very good. I mean I think we do this, there is going to be some pressures and competitively I think it’s very strong and we’re dealing with the same pressure on ratings that the broader industry is and I think competitively sort of doing well.
Chase Carey: With respect to your question whether are not currency would change or view on M&A or strong dollar, I mean some of that - so at the end of the day I think we’re always going to be looking at opportunities around the quality of the business and there you know and how they really performing. And the currency overlay about is largely secondary.
Chase Carey: Yeah. I mean I think on - let me guess on first on ’16 I say that I think we talked about currency number next being another approximately 200 million hit. Clearly the broadcast business goes forward of a base that we - that we’ll - 2015 we’ll provide a base to go forward, so in many ways that carries through and probably we’re a little bit - look I think in the broadcast business where we are is a little behind, we’re behind that, we’re few years behind the curve we expected to be on. I think we believe the values we talked about, the broadcasted business will be there but we’re not - we’re not in the growth, in the point the growth where we expect to be on. As we said, we’re probably investing a bit more in sort of focusing on stabilizing the business next year as opposed to prioritizing growing profit. So yeah, that is - so certainly the broadcast business will carry through. The one that I say in the film - film issues were really one time, I mean Shine. We expected Shine to be out, a year ago we didn’t but certainly when we talked about this year, we expected Shine to be out in ‘16 and the films are always - they’re onetime events, so there’s nothing - there’s nothing recurring about the content piece. And on the new ratings, look it’s all yeah we think - I’m going to make that measurement issue a scapegoat for all the issues. So I think there’s a valid issue, I don’t think - I don’t think we’re happy with the measurement tools that exist out there that strictly gets all this viewership can use to move in different places and we’re going to do everything we can to try and get a more accurate and - accurate and improved way, I mean ability to measure viewership and so we’re going to continue that pursuit, any opportunity to present us the ability to do it and there is well with Neilson and certainly we’ll continue to work with them but clearly we think there are issues in terms of the accuracy measurement. And the ability of our current measurement tool to keep up with really where the viewership’s going. I mean it is quarterly moving to places that really aren’t being, aren’t being captured and adequately measured today, so I think we have to be proactive without trying to find solutions.
Chase Carey: Yeah, I mean guess and I think all I guess simplistically is what that’s not certainly an oversupply of its hit programming and that’s - that’s what it’s all about, it may be all is right but. Realistically there is an oversupply media for programming but it’s evolved and I think the real question is who is positioned and there’s a ton of product out there so it’s kind of competition, who’s positioned to the best position to create the hit programming tomorrow and who has the access and the breadth and the relationships and the scale. I think there’ll be winners and losers, I think the business you see today will not be what the business looks like in a few years and I do think there’ll be winners and losers and I think it’s a question of who’re going to be the winners, who’re those that were positioned to have the best opportunity and the best position to create the hits of tomorrow and we think we’re in a great place, so yeah I - and that’s our goal.
Chase Carey: I said they’re down a touch, I mean and they’re not even 51% its but it’s sort of - the down cuts and that pretty much is, it’s pretty much in line with our expectations. I mean I’ve used the phrase franks, I use it again and we think whether it’s a combination of winding also the economic pressures at the margins that we’ve expected it and I think right now what we’re saying is pretty much in line with our expectations.
Chase Carey: The SEC is one - the incentive auctions, look I mean I think it’s fairly something we’re taking seriously we’re engaged in and give them some of the numbers to get to - some of the numbers to get through out around certainly pretty interesting. If you look at the auction it is just concluded and it’s certainly probably adds to that and so we don’t know enough, there’s stuff to still - stuff to be flushed out, but certainly we’re fully engaged, we’ve got a big station group and in reality two big station groups if you include MyNet as a group. So we’ve got a lot of stations and a lot of lot of spectrum, so I think we certainly fully, want to understand more with the opportunity there. There is certainly a number of signs, it could be interesting.
Chase Carey: No, I don’t think I mean, certainly I am sitting here , I cannot projects about the upfront but I don’t think sort of four months away from now you’ve been - you are going to have dramatically different approach that we have but we are currently taking how we are approaching the ad market, I mean it’s like touched on, we have restructures our entire ad sales organization at a many ways. The primary reason for doing that was to position us to deal with the world forward. I mean the Western calls that came out but the objective that’s the secondary consideration through those were just deficiency most. Our objective in reorganizing or restructuring the ad sales organization was to position us to deal with the world - the world we expect we can be in which again as viewership moving up license and advertisers not surprisingly what is the - wanting a lot of attribute of efficiency and effectiveness like come with additional platforms. We have to make sure we are positioned to take to manage, that’s all I think that’s a priority and I not sure in terms of what we doing it starting today not even the upfront, so the upfront is part of that process, but certainly the way we are approaching that impress the entire ad market is in a state of transition. I will say an additional well a lot of money is clear and life desire, I think one thing we hope to do and I think our concept because it’s so important it can help is it’s still unclear to what degree our advertise getting value out of the digital marketplace, in many ways they maybe what is R&D spending which probably has a logic to it. But you can see clearly in many place are they getting value for that’s better they chasing they are sort of goals in terms of attributes so that knowing whether they are getting the value for it. So I think only hope we add a dimension that sort of enables them to ensure about having content that really I think it’s a sweet spot that we are able to really deliver on the value that gets associate with those digital platforms.
Chase Carey: I mean it’s like I said we - it is a topic the board is engaged broadly, you know it’s buyback dividends I don’t want to get too apart of the board in terms talking about plans or initiatives. I think what I really faced is just generally we have been clear we think reach on a capital to shareholder is an important part of our overall philosophy and the dividend - we look at our business, we’ve had confidence in our business and we think it’s appropriate and we certainly thought this move is appropriate and I think we’ll discuss further what’s the balance between buy backs and dividends and overall speed of that - with which we return the capital through those various vehicles. But I think it is something we’re committed to and again we will certainly have board meeting next week and certainly we’ll continue to discuss where we should be and it’s a process we take seriously.
Chase Carey: Actually in the broadcast business we don’t really have make any issue in it. Again we probably don’t have - probably what affects is we don’t quite have the - the inventory we might have this for the scatter market, we are in the scatter market but from a makeup perspective we don’t really have anything that would be out of the ordinary course for us - want to make good. We have opportunity as the years goes along through various vehicles and events at times that drives, obviously we’re short in our ratings, so they’re not we expected, so we have to deal with that but we’re pretty good in dealing with that on an ongoing basis not letting it stock file and that’s certainly true to date where we are.
John Nallen: And Doug, dealing with your question on local currency affiliate revenue international, it was led by FIC STAR had growth nice growth but FIC led it and business breakdown inside of that is in our sports channels it was primarily distribution gains where as in our entertainment channels it was blended between both distribution gains as well as rate increases.
John Nallen: And I think on the Jessica, it’s John. I don’t think currency change that all changes our view on how we look at the buyback, we are as Chase indicated, we are scheduled the complete the current buyback again at the end of the year. I don’t think current markets where we are going to change our - add on our velocity is a buyback for the remainder of the year. And we’ll continue to look to invest in ourselves as change refer to and so be opportunistic around opportunities that come up but it’s - there is current plan to change the pace velocity or size of the current authorization.
John Nallen: Yeah, I think M&A in terms of currency I mean look at the health of the region in the market, I mean probably not currently look at. When you look at Europe, you obviously got up sort of have some degree of concerns about how Europe navigates the short term. I think certainly there is lot of international markets, we feel great about it, I mean Indian the case in point we still lot - I mean the development market broadly very excited about but clearly you got the what’s going on in countries and certainly we’ve encourage the issues we’ve had in this [indiscernible] a reflection of sort of broader economic issues. So I think we’d always take broader economic issues. Longer term broader economic issues into account in terms of evaluation where we were going to invest. Again though I think most of our investment so on repeated would be in the form of building business is not making large international acquisitions.
