Lachlan Murdoch: Hi, Phil. Hi, good morning. Thanks for the questions. So as regards, FOX Sports and our sports portfolio and any sort of direct-to-consumer proposition I think the -- our business is fundamentally very similar to ESPN's. And so, we face the same strategic priorities as they do and probably looking at doing -- looking at similar paths forward, as we go forward with our portfolio. The thing that we put first and foremost is, really to protect our premium sports content and place it in front of consumers, wherever we can. At the moment, that premium content drives the most value from being behind a paywall, within the traditional cable and satellite pay-TV universe. And we think that pay-TV ecosystem, continues to be of tremendous value for our businesses and really drives the value of FOX Sports and that content, and will for a long time to come.  Having said that, as consumer demands change, consumer tastes change, we will endeavor to put our content and our brands in front of consumers in whichever manner, makes the most sense for them, provided that it remains behind a pay wall and we get full value for those rights and those brands. But it's very important to say, it's not an either-or proposition. It's not a -- we don't envision a moment, when you leave a pay-TV universe and quickly transition to a direct-to-consumer universe, we think you'll enter a phase where both are important. You're not choosing between one or the other or ultimately, the consumer might choose between one or the other, but we'll be well positioned in any distribution mechanism. So as -- I can't answer your question on the legal ramifications, of having league investors in AM in a platform. But I can give you an update, on the broader advertising environment. We're very pleased with our upfront from a national advertising perspective. Our upfront results, were very pleasing. We were able to drive both pricing and volume, across our key categories of news and sports. And obviously, you've heard about the tremendous growth at Tubi, this past quarter and in fact all year. Categories that really impacted the upfront, were like positive -- in August for national remaining with national auto mobiles, very strong category for us travel in the upfront very strong in pharmaceuticals. From a local perspective, if you look at a local pacing, ex-political obviously, we've got a year-on-year comparison with very strong political year, last year. Ex-political, we're pacing flat to slightly up. That includes some of the local digital revenues. And those categories similar auto was very strong. Financial service was strong. Health, but offset by softness in sort of retail telecom, and we know as we've talked about in past quarters our wagering. So overall, we're very pleased with where we are and we think we're going to have a pretty decent second half -- calendar second half. 
Lachlan Murdoch: And just finally on the Big Ten as regards to University of Oregon and University of Washington coming into the Big Ten conference, look, we just think these additions will only strengthen our call it football franchise across FOX Sports, but particularly our partnership and it is a partnership in the Big Ten Network. So we think it's very positive for us across the board.
Lachlan Murdoch: Thank you very much, Robert. So look, our relation with affiliates is very strong. We catch up with them regularly. And we understand the headwinds facing broadcast television. And we're without -- in our station group right we see -- have all the same issues that they have. So we're simpatico with them in both the opportunities and the risk of the headwinds in that business. We are pretty -- what's the word vocal or proud of the fact that we've protected our key sports franchises for pay- TV environment, but also the -- for our affiliates, our distribution our most important distribution partners. We don't take our NFL games and put them anywhere else. We keep them exclusive for our distribution partners. And I think that's understood and very well received. And because of that, I think we will be able to continue to drive the sort of industry-leading pricing, both in a pay universe and free universe. And that pricing will certainly continue to ameliorate or balance any reduction in subscriber erosion and subscribers across the universe. So, that's where we feel we are with our affiliates. And I think, we're in a pretty good place for them.
Steve Tomsic: Yes. No, I think that's exactly right, Lachlan. The balance sheet that we've assembled gives us the flexibility to look at everything and we'll ultimately do what delivers ultimately the best value for shareholders. Jessica just on your content spend question. Next year is a bit of – the year-on-year change is heavily influenced by the fact that we don't have a Super Bowl running through the amortization line of our content costs. But if you look sort of through that, we would expect content spend to increase. We've got increasing rights amortization costs of the sports business. The entertainment business from a linear perspective probably holds steady, if you normalize for the strike. It will probably be down, given the strike. But then we're going to continue to invest in content at Tubi. Some of that is passive in the form of revenue share payments but we'll also be active in terms of production and licensing costs and use as a relatively sort of low growth but continued growth in increased spend in content. So hopefully, that gives you enough color there. 
Steve Tomsic: Yes. That's a pretty comprehensive overview and financial overview. So financially just to reiterate as Lachlan mentioned we weren't funding the business at all. So there's no change to us from that perspective. There were some pretty small, sort of, commercial payments between FOX Bet and Fox, which will be -- which are immaterial to us in the grand scheme of things and is potentially ameliorated by the fact that we're now sort of free to look at other partnerships. So from that perspective I think it's a bit of a push either way. And then as Lachlan mentioned we absolutely preserve the value of the FanDuel option which is very valuable to us as well as the value of our holding in the headstock. But, I think, Lachlan covered it pretty well in his opening remarks. 
Steve Tomsic: Yeah. Sure. So Ben, I'm not sure, if you caught it in the opening remarks. In terms of Tubi the investment for the full year was sort of in the low to mid negative 200 range, which is similar to where we had it in fiscal 2022. The quarter we were actually better we were better by nearly $30 million. As we look to 2024 Tubi's an absolute shining light from our growth portfolio our digital portfolio. And given the momentum, we're seeing in the business, whether it be what we just saw in Q4 what we're seeing already in July, it sort of behooves us to continue to invest in that business. And so you should expect to see the same net investment level or even a bit more going into fiscal 2024, but that will be offset as we look at the broader growth portfolio by things like nation weather USFL sort of coming back a bit in terms of investment. So -- but we were pretty excited and sort of very convinced of Tubi so we're going to continue to maintain our leadership position there. 
