Vincent Forlenza: Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. Starting with Slide 5, I'd like to briefly highlight some of our third quarter results. As Ed mentioned in his remarks, our third quarter results were in-line with the company's expectations. Revenues came in at 3.9% currency neutral, which was impacted by a tough comparison to fiscal year 2009 pandemic flu purchases and slowed by softness in the BD Diagnostics segment. BD Medical revenue growth was primarily driven by Diabetes Care products, which were partially offset by the H1N1 flu pandemic impact of about one percentage point and softer Pharmaceutical Systems revenue due to timing of orders in the quarter. BD Diagnostics was impacted by the economic pressures in the U.S., resulting in reduced physician office visits and reduced diagnostic volumes in Europe. The comparison to prior year is also negatively impacted by 1.6 percentage points due to the H1N1 flu pandemic in fiscal year 2009. We experienced an improvement in our Biosciences segment, primarily driven by Cell Analysis, instrument and reagent sales in the U.S., available supplemental funding in Japan and a favorable comparison versus the prior year. We're also pleased with the results in our emerging markets experiencing double-digit top line growth. We believe the company's performance has fared well in a challenging global economy and in the healthcare industry. Based on our results year-to-date, we are confident that we're able to achieve bottom line growth of about 9% currency neutral, which is in-line with our previous range of 8% to 10% for the full fiscal year 2010. Moving to Slide 6, you'll see that the company experienced top line growth of 3.9% on a currency-neutral basis for the third quarter. Adjusted EPS decreased by 0.8% to $1.29, however, on a currency-neutral basis, increased by 6.9%. Our nine-month year-to-date results reflect solid revenue growth of 6.5% on a currency-neutral basis and adjusted EPS growth of 11.4% currency neutral. Now let's move on to Slide 7, which looks at our guidance for fiscal 2010. As Ed mentioned earlier in his remarks, we have modified our revenue guidance to 6% currency neutral. Our adjusted EPS guidance of about 3% or about 9% on a currency-neutral basis remains in line with our previously communicated range. On Slide 8, we will review our revenue guidance by segment. For the Medical segment, currency-neutral growth remains unchanged at about 6%. For the Diagnostics segment, we are modifying our revenue growth to about 4% on a currency-neutral basis due to reduced diagnostic testing and physician visits. For our Bioscience segment, we expect revenues to be approximately 6% currency neutral. Now I'll turn the call over to David to review our financial results.
Vincent Forlenza: You should assume that we took into account the proceeds from the divestitures in the new cash, new share repurchase numbers.
Vincent Forlenza: So we don't track procedure volume, we're tracking hospital visits and physician visits. I think we did see -- and some of the data I saw that month-to-month, there was some, let's say, volatility on a month-to-month basis, but it's not something that would have a significant impact on us.
Vincent Forlenza: Well, we do have a strong confidence in the middle of the income statement, to start out with. Number one, we have been investing in cost reduction programs on the manufacturing side, our usual continuous improvement, but of course, we've added ReLoCo to that. And ReLoCo will be a positive impact going forward. In a minute, I'll ask Bill Kozy to comment on that, but we're making excellent progress on that program. So that's one element that is in our thinking. The second element is that we have started a while ago on a G&A efficiency and effectiveness program. The backbone for that program is Everest, going from five ERP systems down to one, but we're also laying these functional excellence programs on top in finance, HR and IT. And we feel that we have that well organized. We're making good progress on that. So while Everest itself is a bit of an expense increase in the near term, as Ed mentioned, then we start to see benefits from these programs as they get layered in. And then just to kind of complete the three-year look, we start to see product launches, as Ed also mentioned, and they'll start in the '12, '13 time frame to be significant. I'd like to ask Bill to just comment on ReLoCo for a minute.
Vincent Forlenza: And so of course, just to finish up here, we did mention of course increasing the share buyback to $700 million and then $600 million. So obviously, that will have an impact as well.
Vincent Forlenza: Well, it's not a significant change to the way that we're thinking about acquisitions. We think we will still have flexibility to do the acquisitions with our strong balance sheet over that planned period. We don't feel we're in need of having to do a acquisition. We still expect to do plug-in acquisitions that are strategically obvious and create shareholder value. We are increasing our R&D and becoming more confident in those programs, as we're moving forward, as they're moving through the product development process. And then lastly, just one investment we have haven't mentioned is that as industry you're playing, you should also expect that we'll be investing in geographic expansion. We mentioned on this call already that we're seeing double-digit growth in emerging markets. And we continue to see strong opportunity there, and then particular in China.
Vincent Forlenza: Maybe I'll take the first shot at that. We just completed our three-year planning exercise, Rick. And so we took it down by a percentage point based on, really, our best view of what's happening out there. And we did say in the remarks that we expected the conditions in the short run to be very, very similar. I'm talking about the macroeconomic conditions, and that the growth would improve over time as our product development programs started to take hold. We're also bullish on our opportunities in geographic expansion, as I was mentioning. So it was kind of a sequence here in geography moving to product launches. And so we feel pretty good about what we just gave you. So that would be the first part. In terms of the $0.10 to $0.12 EPS, we think it's secure even at this lower revenue guidance that with the programs that we have in place from an operations effectiveness standpoint that we have multiple levers to pull here. And so we feel good about that.
Vincent Forlenza: Well, I think we're optimistic about the long run opportunities in that business and continue to invest heavily in both new product platforms and some new opportunities. And we really haven't talked about the product launches. Bill can talk a little bit about where that product line is doing.
Vincent Forlenza: Rick, just one last comment coming back to the growth to keep in mind. As we look towards next year, remember that we're going to have to jump over these pandemic sales and the sales from the stimulus in Bill's business in Biosciences. And that was part of the reason why we changed the outlook.
Vincent Forlenza: And just one last comment on this, on the clinical side in the developing world, we were also moving ahead on programs for the very low end of the clinical piece.
Vincent Forlenza: We don't really think that scale is a significant issue for us. We're following a focused strategy and investing behind it. I think you should expect that in the short run, we're focused on implementing behind the platforms that we've acquired. In the long term, we continue to look for plug-in acquisitions that could expand our footprint.
Vincent Forlenza: That's a very interesting question, Bill, and you probably saw the front page article in the Wall Street Journal this morning speculating on that issue. So we're all speculating as we see it. In past recessions, it has bounced back. The decrease in physician's office visits has been more severe in this downturn than before. Unemployment is higher and there are higher co-pays out there. So I think insurance pricing is going to have an impact on this. I think the underlying healthcare needs are there, number one. Number two, as healthcare reform kicks in, I don't think that's been factored into people's thinking, and you're going to see coverage for preventive care. So I think as employment improves, this is a personal opinion, as employment improves and healthcare reform starts to take hold, I think you're going to see volumes business come back.
Vincent Forlenza: I want to thank all of you for participating on the call today. We were pleased to announce the quarter in line with our expectations and reaffirm our earnings guidance for fiscal FY '10 in spite a higher tax rate. We're also pleased to update you on our longer-term outlook and our share repurchase program, which reflects our continued focus on shareholder value. So thank you very much for joining us.
David Elkins: I think, as I remember, the last guidance that we provided, we said the currency is going to have a $0.17 impact being offset by hedge losses of about $0.12, so a net impact of about $0.05. Year-to-date, where we're sitting is currency has benefited us about $0.16 on an EPS basis, being offset by hedge losses of $0.11, so that's about a nickel sitting here today, net impact. As we look at for the full fiscal year, it's about $0.15 currency, is our best estimate and the hedge would probably decrease. That hedge loss would probably decrease to about $0.06, which would be about $0.09 for the year. So I think you for the remainder of the year, between where we are right now, year-to-date, and our guidance is, probably the way for you to think about, is as far as volatility in rates. So it's not a significant impact in our results from now until the end of the year.
David Elkins: Well, we'll have to see where this year comes out to see where that hedge loss comes in at. But where we are at year-to-date is about $0.11 loss. And what we're putting into our guidance is about a $0.06 loss on that, so it's in that range. But since you mentioned, fiscal year '11, it's probably good for me right now to discuss foreign currency and our hedging program as we look forward. We made a rough estimate on how currencies may impact our next year results if they held at current rates. We estimate that revenues would be negatively impacted by about 2%. If you factor in the normal drop of roughly 25% to 35% to operating income. And tax effect that, the negative impact would be about 2% to our EPS growth, reported EPS growth. And at this point, we still haven't entered into any hedges as they continue to be very costly and there's a lot of volatility obviously that still exists. So we'll continue to monitor it and keep our eyes on this, and reserve the right to examine the [ph](39:46) contracts if we see the situation changing. But that's just top line, we're kind of looking at currency going into fiscal year '11.
David Elkins: I can comment on both. We began the year with U.S. stimulus estimating a $20 million to $25 million impact to our U.S.-based business and flow primarily. I think in the last call, we said it would be closer to the $20 million in our estimate. We now see it coming in at about $19 million to $20 million. So that's basically where we are, fairly close to where we anticipated. With Japan, what you're actually seeing in the third quarter is essentially a timing overhang of sales that were made in the second quarter but installed in the third quarter. So that really is the bulk of the supplemental funding that has been spent in Japan. So we don't anticipate additional supplemental funding until the next round it becomes available.
David Elkins: We'll provide updated guidance on that when we do full year guidance for fiscal year '11 in November. But right now, what we've got for this year is 28.5% based on the mix of our business.
David Elkins: That's just the currency. We really don't know what the hedge loss will be this year. We've provided guidance on what we think it will be. But again, when we do guidance for fiscal year '11, by that time, we'll know what the actual hedge loss was. So going back to the point, the way we're looking at currency, I was just giving you the straight currency impact.
David Elkins: Well, there's a mix of currencies in total. But the majority of it has a tendency to be euro. But in any given quarter, there can be fluctuations based upon individual currencies.
William Kozy: Sure. Just to add very quickly, you might recall that we've been in investment mode on ReLoCo for the last couple of fiscal years. And as Vince already mentioned, FY '11 will be that important transition year when we'll move from kind of negative investment impact on the P&L with the business and the company and start to neutralize that and improve in terms of benefit accrual as we go forward throughout fiscal years '11, '12 and '13. And that project remains right on track.
William Kozy: Yes. And just to put a little added color in terms of sort of the macroeconomics, we certainly see that areas of Europe, country by country, we've seen some stabilization. We actually see some opportunities. At least in this last quarter, we saw our opportunities for growth. In terms of going forward, we've talked about the fact that in late FY '11, we'll be launching a new product platform out of our Flow Cytometry business. And that will lead to subsequent platforms as well. So quite honestly, we also see that we will be a big participant in the geographic expansion opportunities on a worldwide basis. So I think Vince used the word optimistic. We remain very optimistic. In terms of new markets and new products, we are, again, as Vince said before, we are, during that three-year period, we'll be introducing a new modular flow cytometry platforms, new reagents, our Advanced Bioprocessing facility is online. So we're very optimistic about it.
William Kozy: Yes, and it echoes what Vince said. And you do have to breakout the clinical flow from the research flow and then within research flow, analysis and sorting. But on the research side, we've not only introduced new products but have new products to be introduced. The high end and mid end of the analysis range, we're very comfortable and confident about and have done well, continue to perform well. On the sorting side, frankly, based on our Cytopia acquisition and the Aria III launch, we've done quite well there. And we continue to improve and bring new products out during the period. So on the very low end, which is the other part of your question, research market benchtop analysis, and we do believe that as we go forward in developing our new products, we'll be able to reach into that market as well.
Philippe Jacon: Sure. Again, it's a little bit of a mixed bag of performance if you look worldwide. So overall, U.S. is, I would say, doing okay. And I will separate the TriPath and molecular so that you understand better. But really, Europe and Canada are the two regions where we've been suffering. So although in TriPath, the sales this quarter were about $33 million, and we see a growth which is kind of slow in the U.S., reflecting the economy, the weak economy, and the lower visits to the physicians. We're seeing very good growth in Asia on the TriPath products. But unfortunately, these have been offset by a decline in Europe where we see, in some of the countries, the increase in troubles being mandated. So for instance in Belgium today, instead of having one cervical cancer test per year, it's now every two years, and this is really impacting directly the business. And the last piece is that we have, in the same quarter of last year in Canada, a very large cash order of instrument that didn't repeat this year. In molecular, the picture is a bit different. Actually, the U.S. has been doing pretty good. But clearly, it's because of the good performance of our Affirm product. We know that the CT/GC market seems to be flattening in terms of its growth overall. Europe also is kind of declining for several reasons. But one of them is really that we see some increased competition in the mid- to low-volume segment popping up. And also, again in Europe, we're seeing some instrument sales that we had last year, cash sales, which really account for 3% to 4% growth that did not repeat this year. So that's basically the picture on the Women's Health and Cancer.
Philippe Jacon: On HAI, so GeneOhm has had a good quarter at $40 million in sales, which globally is up 14% compared to the previous year. Actually, I think it's important to mention the very good growth that we've had in the U.S., which is about 20% growth year-on-year in this quarter. And this is really driven by Cdiff, which is very strong, but also, I would say supported by the new MRSA achromopeptidase and chemistry we have for MRSA, which is getting a lot of traction on the market and has enabled us also to gain some competitive conversion to our systems. So I'm very pleased on the this front. A couple of things I want to mention also on both sides is that for GeneOhm and HAI, we're doing good progress with our new platform, BD MAX. As you know, we've got the approval for [indiscernible] (49:33) on the two colors in May and we're working with the FDA to gain moderate complexity status. And so I just would like you to stay tuned on that. So as soon we know more, we will let you know. The plan to develop the BD MAX six colors is going on as planned and so far launch by the end of 2011, beginning of 2012. We are still on plan to do that. Clinical trials starting at the end of this calendar year. We can see very clearly a lot of good traction already. Customers asking us for this platform, given its potential use as an open platform. So this is great on GeneOhm. And just the last thing I want to come back on TriPath is that we are doing our BBL trials on GasPak Plus, which are doing very well. And so we are also on track to start our clinical trials at the end of this quarter for GasPak Plus.
Philippe Jacon: So we don't see that we are loosing share in the U.S. on that market at all. We see that there is a definite flattening of the growth of the test. I think that's been reported in some different reports I have been able to read. And that's what we see also. I'm sure you know also that the reference labs have reported lower testing, and part of it was really this kind of screening test. So I think one of the issue that we are dealing with is again, people being unemployed and not having any more coverage are kind of keeping some of the screening tests that they used to do on a regular basis. So this is really about the U.S. Outside of the U.S., I would say that we've seen a little bit of, again, a slowdown in Europe and mainly in the U.K., where they were programs in place and have been a little kind of discontinued or kind of phased out. And this is basically what we are talking about. And that's the point I was making earlier also is that there is definitely more competition on the mid- to low-volume market, and we see that today mainly in Europe, so that's why we're also -- I cannot say that we've been losing share today, but we're certainly not been gaining share. So that's the other way to look at it. And we continue to gain market but we've been losing a little more than what we used to lose before.
Philippe Jacon: Not that I can really relate to right now. It's difficult to draw conclusions out of only one quarter where we see the comparison to the same quarter a year ago. But I cannot say today that we a trend going one way or the other. I think it's pretty much, I think, overall when you look at a 12-month basis, it's pretty much the same.
Philippe Jacon: Let me just put a little bit of color here. It is changing in the south of Europe. I mean, countries like Italy and Spain has been changing but it's really because of delay, as Gary explained before, in the way they are looking at the healthcare systems. So clearly, the tenders have been postponed in Italy, for instance. And because of what Spain is trying to implement today, things are not moving as fast as they used to move. But the appetite overall is not really changing. I would say even that I'm sure you've seen our new BD Innova, the Plate Streaker and what was I talking, referring to with BD MAX before, we see that hospital customers are really, really interested in bringing these platforms on board. So I don't think there is any change there.
Philippe Jacon: So the LT is actually incorporating the XTR technology as it is both PCR, that's what the LT. So of course CT/GC is going to be on the LT. Clearly, BD MAX today, we focus our efforts in making sure that we're going to get BD MAX in the market with our HAI assay, which is really the burning issue for us, so that's where we put all our efforts. Soon after that, we'll expand the menu. Menu is key to this platform, and certainly the customers will be able to run assays later on like CT/GC or others on BD MAX have a different type of volume than what you see on customers using Vipers today. So it's a more flexible platform and on which we intend to increase menu after we get the HAI assay's on board. But again, you're going to have, I think, the segmentation that we're looking at and we've been discussing internally about the market in terms of volume batch versus on demand and also with the BD MAX again being an open platform where our customers will be able to run their own assays. And I could even think like in the case of a pandemic, like we've seen last year, instead of us putting a lot of effort in developing a molecular test, our customers could develop their own that they would get from either the CBC in the U.S. or the equivalent of the CBC in other country and be able to run on BD MAX very quickly. So we believe this is a pretty compelling argument for our customers to get into BD MAX.
Philippe Jacon: It's really the new customers. The assays, we've got C. difficile launched earlier this year already, so it's not a new assay. And we've got the MRSA achromopeptidase also launches earlier this year. So there's no new assay in the quarter. And now there is a good traction Cdiff. I think that the molecular testing on Cdiff is proving to be extremely compelling to our customers. You don't have to repeat this thing, and they like the way they can run the test on our box. And the same thing for MRSA achromopeptidase and the new chemistry that is extremely easy to validate and easy to use. So we've seen a lot of new customers using these existing assays.
