Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As you read in this morning's press release, we are pleased with our performance this quarter. Our core remains strong and we continued to deliver consistent solid results. As we take you through the results, there are a number of puts and takes within the year, but the sum of it is that our performance is strong. Year-to-date, adjusting for the Respiratory Solutions divestiture, we are growing 4.5% on the top line, with high-single digit operating income growth and strong mid-teens EPS growth as we are overcoming the impact of the U.S. dispensing change with strong underlying performance. In the quarter, China and the broader emerging markets posted strong double-digit growth reflecting our momentum in these important markets. Total revenue growth was slightly lower than expected, which Chris will touch upon in just a few moments. We continue to make excellent progress and are on track to achieve our CareFusion cost and revenue synergies. Our fiscal 2017 revenue synergies are being driven by international registrations of consumable products in MPS, along with dispensing in MMS. We now have 225 approved or in-process product registrations in new markets, with an ultimate target of over 250 registrations. The strategic transformation of the U.S. dispensing business model that we communicated last quarter has been successfully implemented, and customer reception has been overwhelmingly positive. As we look to the total year, we are very confident in our outlook. The strength of our year-to-date performance allows us to reaffirm our currency-neutral revenue and earnings guidance. Also, as a result of favorable foreign currency movement, we are raising our adjusted earnings guidance. Turning to slide 5, our pending acquisition of C.R. Bard remains on track, with an expected closing date in the fourth calendar quarter of 2017, subject to regulatory and Bard shareholder approvals. Upon announcement, we communicated a fall 2017 closing timeframe. That remains unchanged, and our continued expectation is that we will close in the November to December 2017 timeframe. Overall, things are progressing quite nicely. We are also pleased that Bard's business performance to date is strong and in-line with our expectations, as evidenced by their recently-recorded quarterly earnings. From an integration standpoint, we should receive regulatory approval sooner – if we receive regulatory approval sooner, we'll be ready. We have been able to leverage our experience from the CareFusion acquisition to lay the plans for another successful integration, and we have made excellent progress to date. We've created a detailed execution plan that builds upon our CareFusion experience, and are very pleased that we are well ahead of where we were at this time with CareFusion. In terms of talent, we have retained key Bard leadership, including John Groetelaars, who will serve as President of the new Interventional segment; John DeFord, who has been named SVP Research and Development for the Interventional segment; and Betty Larson, who has been named SVP, Human Resources for the new segment. In addition, John Groetelaars' full leadership team has been established, with all regional and business presidents in place. We're thrilled with the number of exceptional Bard leaders dedicated to making the combined company a success as we move forward together. We will share more information about the new company structure as we progress towards the closing. As you are aware, shortly after announcing the Bard acquisition, we went to market and successfully issued approximately $5 billion dollars in common and preferred shares. We also launched nearly $10 billion dollars in senior notes. All offerings were over-subscribed by a multiple of over three times. As a combined company, we believe we will further accelerate and broaden our strategy, create new growth opportunities for both companies, and deliver meaningful long-term value for shareholders. Together, we will be uniquely positioned to deliver innovative healthcare solutions that improve both the process of care and the treatment of disease. So now I'll turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our third quarter financial performance and our fiscal year 2017 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you Chris. Moving on to slide 18, I will walk you through our updates on new product innovation and strategic and business initiatives. Starting with the new production innovations within our Life Science business, we continued to expand the BD MAX system menu of unique, clinically-relevant panels. We recently received 510(k) clearance from the U.S. FDA for our newly-developed molecular test for detecting harmful intestinal bacteria. The BD MAX Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel is the latest offering in the suite of BD MAX Enteric assays. We also recently received 510(k) clearance from the U.S. FDA for the BD FACSLyric flow cytometer system. The BD FACSLyric system strengthens BD's portfolio of clinical flow cytometry solutions available in the U.S. with an easy-to-use in vitro diagnostic system for use with assays for immunological assessment of individuals and patients having or suspected of having immune deficiency. Within strategic and business initiatives, we recently released our 2016 sustainability report. One full year after announcing our 2020 sustainability goals, we are already making notable progress across our four focus areas of innovation, access, efficiency and empowerment. We believe that aligning our relevant environmental, social and governance factors with our capabilities will help BD continue to generate differentiated results for all of our stakeholders from shareholders to society. Moving on to our business update on slide 19. We continued to make progress with our cost synergy capture through our G&A functional transformation. We continued to remain focused on our functional transformations as we leverage our shared service centers and continued to build out our Centers of Excellence. In addition, our manufacturing-related synergies remain on track and we continue to expect the majority of these to be achieved in fiscal year 2018. We also continue to expect $325 million to $350 million in total cost synergies related to the CareFusion acquisition as we exit fiscal year 2018. Turning to operating margin expansion. As you can see, we continue to drive significant operating margin expansion over a multi-year period. The consistent performance of our businesses, combined with operating efficiencies, cost leverage, and cost synergy capture, is driving continued underlying operating margin expansion. We continue to expect to deliver over 500 basis points of cumulative margin expansion over the three-year period through fiscal year 2017. Moving on to slide 20, I would like to reiterate the key messages from our presentation today. First, while there were some timing items within the year that impacted the quarter, our core business remains strong across both segments. We're pleased with our continued solid performance year-to-date and our ability to drive performance to offset divestitures, the U.S. dispensing change, and foreign-currency headwinds year-to-date. Second, our operating performance, cost leverage, and cost synergy capture continued to generate operating margin improvement and drive double-digit earnings growth. Third, as we look to the total year, we're confident in our increased outlook for the full fiscal year. Finally, we're very excited about the powerful combination of BD and Bard, and our ability to deliver innovative solutions that position us to improve both the process of care and the treatment of disease. We're very pleased with the excellent progress we are making with the Bard integration, and look forward to the future with confidence. Thank you. We will now open the call to questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, as we said, we are making some really good progress in terms of the integration planning, what the portfolio looks like. We haven't announced to the organization yet the answer to the question that you're asking, so I don't want to get ahead of that. We're doing work, of course, in the catheter area in terms of how that will come together. We know that we have to maintain focus on both the Pyxs and, of course, the IV catheter franchise and the structure that we're contemplating will continue to do that. But we are also looking at how we create this overall benefit in terms of enabling the customer base to optimize. And we think we've got great ideas there. And then we are looking at the surgical area and the various puts and takes there. So that's where we're at, but we'll be in great shape on those issues very, very quickly.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Advanced Bioprocessing is also a very small piece of our overall business. It tends to be lumpy, orders based, as Alberto was saying, and so we wouldn't see a big impact from that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, you know I've had multiple discussions on that point with the customer base in the U.S. And, basically, what I've heard back from the customer base is, listen, we all believe this is still going to population-based health and there are things that we have to do from a capital perspective, and those things are multiyear programs. And so we are not changing the way we are going about things. Are we being careful? Yes, we are being careful. But those commitments, most of those larger capital commitments have been made in their multi year. So we're not really seeing anything from our standpoint. Now when you step back and look at BD, we have small exposure to that, getting smaller with the move that we just made in terms of the change in the business model in MMS. And on the diagnostic side, most of what we do is reagent rental. So not a huge issue for us, but I would say over the next couple of years, we're expecting stability unless there is some major discontinuity in terms of where Congress ultimately goes, and so far Congress hasn't gone anywhere.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So coming to the revenue synergies, Rick, I think we're feeling very good about what we talked to you about when we signed the deal. And if you remember, the way this works is we can only do so much in that planning, where we are before close. But where we are in that process is, we've had teams meeting together and we had a hypothesis in terms of where those were going to occur; which product lines, which geographies. We feel very good about that hypothesis having worked with the Bard team in terms of these are the focus areas, this is where we're going, this is where we're going to go after and get these things. Of course, we can't do the account level detailed planning yet, that comes later. But net-net, we feel very good about what we told you. In addition ... (44:38)
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. And, Rick, I thought you were asking me about Bard, and I was answering that. And Tom, of course, answered about CareFusion, but we're a great team.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. Well, I'll ask Alberto to do that on the Life Science side, and then Tom can pick it up on Medical, because there's a lot of good things to talk about.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And I'll just add a couple of longer-term comments on the Life Science side. So remain excited about the Resolve platform from the cellular research technology that we have. That's on track. And I think you've have been doing, Alberto, some customer testing with that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. So on the Life Science side, we are feeling very good about it. If there's one thing, Rick, that's been a little slow, it's been the Barricor launch, and it's just taken longer. We've got a good pipeline, but it's taking longer to convert the customer base and we've got to improve that process. But everything else we were showing you is on track. So, Tom, do you want to do the other side.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. Sure. And so, we never thought that the U.S. was going to be the gating factor in terms of getting the deal closed. We always thought that China was the long pole in the tent, and that remains exactly the way we saw it. So, we expected a second request in the U.S. It was no surprise to us. We're dealing with the issues that they raised, and we expect to deal with them quickly. So our view in terms of the closing time really hasn't changed at all, because of those two factors.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, I'll kick it off and then if Chris wants to add some more detail. What you saw in the quarter was of course strong performance in emerging markets, strong performance in China. The Middle East bounced back, and the rest of Asia. So, and then good performance in Latin America. So I would characterize it this way, Latin America has been stable through all of this, even with all the political stuff that has been going on. And they continue to prioritize health care down there in terms of spending and modernization and access. So with all of that, we see that continuing. If I go back to Asia for you, what's changed China for us is the rebound on the capital equipment side. We had good performance through some difficult times in China on the device side of things, on the disposable side, but on the Life Sciences side has really come back. We're seeing strong performance with multiple platforms in China, and we expect them to continue to ramp there. So, we feel very good about China looking forward. The rest of Asia continues to do well and had strong performance. India is a little bit more of a question mark from the standpoint of just things like tariffs and what not. But we think we'll be okay from a revenue growth standpoint. And then lastly, just coming back to the Middle East, what we saw was the stabilization in Saudi Arabia. And where that was a big drag, that is no longer a big drag for us. And where we had in Africa a drag from CD4 testing, that's not a significant drag anymore. And in fact, some new guidance came out just recently Alberto, I think, from the WHO on continuing using CD4. So all of that, we are feeling good about our guidance for the year in terms of high-single digits. And continued success moving on from there.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Okay. Well, thank you very much. Maybe to sum up here, we're really excited about Bard and the progress so far is exceeding our expectations. As we said, we're ahead of where we expected to be in the integration planning and getting more and more confident around the business model. We're confident and feel good about our outlook for the remainder of the year. And lastly, we're really pleased we're able to jump over significant headwinds that we mentioned on the call. And I think we're doing this because of really excellent execution by the folks in the businesses around the world. So thank you very much, and I look forward to briefing you next quarter. Thanks, everyone.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure, Mike, be happy to do that. So, if you think about the 2.4%, the underlying growth is 4.5%, and the way to get there is about 100 basis points related to the U.S. dispensing business we had articulated on the last call. Then we had timing factors. If you think about the first half of this year, we were running 5.6% year-to-date, and so we said that wasn't indicative. There was a lot of timing in there, and what was in there, particularly was, in MMS, they had a very strong first half, and so did Pharm Systems. Pharm systems grew over 7% in the first half, and we knew that is a lumpy business. Then on top of that, we saw some timing this quarter. In MMS International, we saw some orders that we expected to see in the third quarter that we now expect to see in the fourth quarter. And there was some Kiestra installations that moved from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. So when you normalize for all those items, you get to the 4.5% underlying growth. Now we did say we saw some softness in MPS related to normalization of inventory levels and a little bit of softness in Diabetes care in the U.K. But if you added those back, that would have brought us more to the 5% kind of level in the quarter. So that's where we saw a little bit of softness, going from 5% down to 4.5%.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So, since we're at 4.5% year-to-date through the third quarter, we're implying in the 4.5% kind of range for the fourth quarter, and we do think that the inventory levels was a one-time adjustment within the third quarter, so we don't expect to see any hangover from that in the fourth quarter. We do see emerging market strength across the board. If you look at what we did in emerging markets this quarter, 9% year-to-date, 11% in the quarter, that's the best quarter in two years. China grew 12%, 11% year-to-date. So we're seeing – emerging market growth is very strong, so we see that continuing. Life Sciences, we see strength across (31:26 – 31:31) quarter bounce back. Until (31:33) we see strength in the fourth quarter, we see Diabetes Care rebounding, primarily driven by the U.S., as we do think that the U.K. pressure will continue. MMS has the International Q3/Q4 timing, so we'll get a little benefit from that. MPS will actually have a tough compare in the fourth quarter, but we already had that baked in to our guidance. So that's how we get to a good solid fourth quarter, and to the 4.5% to 5% for the year.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes. So that's why, as we said at the second quarter, we felt we were at the high end of our guidance range, and the pressure from the dispensing brought us down to the lower end of our – but still within our guidance range.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. Absolutely. So, as you said, when we gave guidance the last time, we were at $1.07. We use the 30-day running average, as you know, so that would be $1.15. Today, we are sitting at $1.18. So the $0.08 between the $1.07 and $1.15, if you think back to the rule of thumb that we've given in the past, 1 point of euro move is worth about $0.02. So the $0.08 move is worth about $0.16 cents for a full year, but we just have one quarter to go. And, really, where you saw the move was in the month of July, so it's truly an impact of just one quarter. So that'd be about $0.04 for the quarter. Then when you look at all other FX currencies, we actually are still seeing pressure from the pound, the yen, and the yuan, which really haven't moved at all in the past quarter, and so we still see pressures. All other currencies, there's about $0.01 of benefit since May, and so that's the $0.01 there and $0.04, so we see about $0.05 running through, and that's how much we increased the guidance by. In terms of your comment around next year, we use the 30-day average because the volatility in FX has been dramatic over the last year or so, and we like the direction it's going. So if it stays at $1.18, we certainly will see a benefit. The average for this year, if it holds at $1.18 for the rest of the year, the average for this year will be about $1.10. So $1.18 for full next year would be about $0.08. If you use the rule of thumb, that's about $0.16 of benefit. And then, you would expect to see a little bit of benefit from all other foreign currencies, where there was a little bit of pressure this year. So that's a way to think about next year, if things hold at $1.18, and we hope they do.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes. So, David, as we said, the impact of the dispensing change would bring us from the high end of our guidance range of 4.5% to 5% for the year, down to the low end. So year-to-date, we're at 4.5%. So what that really implies for the fourth quarter is 4.5%. We do have some timing within the third and the fourth quarter, as I mentioned. The MMS International orders have slipped. We got some Kiestra installations that slip into the fourth quarter. So the combination of those things give us the confidence, and we see good strength across the rest of the business. The core is strong. Emerging markets growth, as I said, is looking very good, and Life Sciences is looking solid as well. So we feel good about the fourth quarter.
Christopher R. Reidy: I should just add, too, that as we preliminarily look at the work on cost synergies, we feel real good about the $300 million of cost synergies that we articulated and we also feel equally as confident in having revenue synergies that are measurable in fiscal year 2019. So we're really reaffirming everything we said at the time of the transaction that we feel good about the cost synergies, the revenue synergies and the potential for those. So we've made good headway in the last couple of months on those issues.
Christopher R. Reidy: So let me take the cost synergies. As you remember, we talked about those being relatively ratable over the three-year period, and that's what's playing out. So through 2016, we had about $170 million. We run about $80 million more per year on top of that. So that's what you would expect by the end of this year, and then the balance to the $325 million to $350 million would be in 2018. So that's pretty much on track, and you can see the benefit of that as we look at the margin growth. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, we expect this year to drive 200 basis points to 225 basis points of operating margin improvement. That brings us to over 500 basis points of margin improvement in the last three years through 2017. And then, as you think about it, we're talking about the Bard transaction driving an average of 200 basis points over the next three years. That's a lot of basis points of operating margin improvement over a five-to-six-year period. So we feel real good about that, and that's what we're seeing. The first part of that is driven by the CareFusion synergies.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure, Vijay. So, as we mentioned before, if you really peel back the on the underlying performance for the year, year-to-date we're 4.5%, but that's in the face of significant headwinds from this U.S. dispensing change that we had of about 50 basis points. That puts you right at the 5% level, so we feel really good about that. Clearly, the headline is depressed by the dispensing model. We knew that was the risk. We tried to communicate that, that that would be a pressure in the second half of this year. You're going to see that same kind of pressure year-over-year in the first half of next year. And that's to be expected. It's the right thing to do. It positions us extremely well competitively in that business. And it actually helps us better focus on our customers and their needs. So, we're doing it for all the right reasons, but it clearly is going to depress the headline. We knew that. We also knew that the timing was going to be a headwind in the second half of the year, because of the fact that we were running so hot in the first half of the year, 5.6%. So that had an impact as well. So, as I said earlier, the underlying for the quarter was 4.5%. It would have been 5%, except for the little bit of pressure we saw in MPS in normalization of inventories in the diabetes piece. So that would have been a strong 5% in the quarter as well. As we look out into the fourth quarter, we're very confident by a number of things that we see; the timing coming back to us a little bit on some of the things that moved from the third to the fourth quarter, but the strength of the core business is the most important. And look at the emerging market growth; that's the strongest it's been in a couple of years. We really feel good about that. The rest of the business is solid. So we really feel good about that as well, so it really hasn't changed from what we were talking about, in terms of the momentum of the business and the underlying business, when we talked at Analyst Day. And then, going forward into next year, we feel that same strength continuing again, albeit with the pressure of the headwinds of the dispensing change in the first half of the year. But for the full-year, that will normalize, because it'll be six months versus six months this year. So on the top line, we feel very good about the momentum that we have. And then, the ability to take that up to the 5%-to-6% level with the Bard transaction as that occurs. So, from a top-line basis, we're feeling like the momentum is there. And then, we haven't really talked about the EPS line, but when you look at that chart 15, we're driving 15% to 17% underlying EPS, FX and growth, and that's overcoming the Respiratory dilution of about 1.5%. That's really strong growth. Then you got the headwinds from the dispensing change that we have, which is real. That $60 million dollars of revenue that drops to the bottom line, there's some cost related to that as well. We're overcoming that. We're overcoming the headwinds that we saw in FX this year, which, although it's abated a little bit, that's still 3.5% of headwinds from year-over-year FX pressure. Hopefully, that turns around next year. So from a bottom line, we're feeling really good going forward as well. So, hopefully that addressed your question.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, let me see if I can get some of those questions. I think your timing is about right in terms of Q3 to Q4; that feels about right. And we feel good about the ability to hit the 200 basis points to 225 basis points of margin improvement, you mentioned abnormal. The only thing abnormal is that we are driving 200 basis points to 225 basis points of margin improvement this year, and 500 basis points over the last 3 years. So, we feel really good about that. There is say a little bit of easier compare in the fourth-quarter as I think I mentioned, because R&D ramped so much in the fourth-quarter of last year as a result of the medical device tax repeal. And so that makes it a little bit easier. The operating margins this quarter are a little misleading because of the fact that Respiratory really had an impact in there. When you peel back the Respiratory piece, you see really good margin growth. The gross profit margin in the quarter was 100 basis points faster than revenue growth. And both OIBT and EPS were very strong in the quarter when you back out the overhang from respiratory. So feel real good about that.
Christopher R. Reidy: I have nothing to add. The year-to-date is 9.1%. That is a very high-single digits, and the momentum continues. And as I mentioned earlier, it was our best performance in two years in emerging markets. So we feel good about the momentum there.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes. So there was about 20 bps of pressure in the quarter. Year-to-date, it's about 20 bps in total after the first quarter being flat, and the second quarter, actually, was down about 30 bps, so it's actually moderated a little bit from that. That's the kind of plus and minus we have seen for a while now, is 20 bps to 30 bps, up, flat, down, somewhere in that range. We did mention that we are seeing pricing pressure in the U.K. in diabetes care from the austerity measures and the government payers. So that's continued, but pretty much in that range.
Thomas Polen: Hey, David. This is Tom. Actually no, we see very positive feedback on the Pyxis ES business model conversion and actually positive momentum in terms of share gain in that space. So actually customers have been very satisfied with the new model. Feedback has been very positive in terms of it aligning with their needs and flexibility interests going forward, as well as being able to capitalize on the new software solutions that we're coming out with today and ongoing in the future. I'll turn it over to Vince.
Thomas Polen: Yes. Hi, Rick. This is Tom. Maybe just to add and update some of the commentary, the details that we've shared in the past is, we do remain on track towards actually an ultimate target of now about 250 products registered ex-U.S. from CareFusion. We actually have about 150 of those approved already and are promoting and selling those. There's another 75 products that has been submitted to regulatory agencies that are pending approval. And then, we're working on getting the final group of submissions made. So we're making really great progress there. We are seeing what I'll call kind of tens of bps of benefit in the overall Medical segment and company numbers. And as we've always said, those revenue synergies have always been expected ex-U.S. and specifically focused on the International MPS and MMS businesses. And if you look at International MMS and MPS, you can see we're up about 7% growth year-to-date in both of those businesses internationally, and that's reflecting those revenue synergies.
Thomas Polen: Sure. Hi, Rick. This is Tom. On the Medical side, maybe just to hit a couple highlights across the businesses. First, is we have launched in the last few quarters some new enterprise software for our Cato and Pharmogistics platforms in MMS. That's doing extremely well. We've seen really positive customer uptake as those products are letting them manage compounding, as well as their inventory for pharmaceutical products across multiple hospitals within their network. Within MPS, we're continuing a launch of our Medication Management consumables there. We've actually just launched a new infusion set for Asia as part of our revenue synergy strategy. That's off to a good start. And at Analyst Day, we had shared we have plans to launch two new infection prevention products per year going forward, and that's very much on track for 2018, those products, and you'll hear more about those as we move ahead. And then on Swatch, as you mentioned, in diabetes care, no changes. We remain on track for end of fiscal year FY2018 for our launch in the U.S. of Swatch. Maybe one other area that we often get questions on is IV Solutions. As you know, there's a number of different formulations and bag sizes that customers need to run their institution. And we have our partner, Fresenius, that we've been working with to bring that broad portfolio of products to the U.S. market. To date, our partner's gotten FDA approval for the 5% dextrose, and we've begun marketing and selling that to customers. And additional formulations, including kind of the large volume saline product, we're still expecting approval in the coming months. Hopefully by the end of the calendar year.
Thomas Polen: And Bill (sic) [Doug] this is Tom. On the infusion set, so we are in the process of, as I think we had shared in the past, we've gotten some complaints during the initial launch. We were in the process of running a clinical trial to confirm that some of the new training tools that we've included in the packaging optimized the patient's ability to start using this set. That clinical trial is going exactly as planned and our guidance assumes we resume the launch in FY 2018.
Thomas Polen: Hi, Richard. This is Tom. Yes. As you mentioned, within the quarter, we did see – there's a very tough compare because last year in the quarter, Safety revenues grew 9% overall, and that was including 20% growth in emerging markets, driven – and that was particularly concentrated in the Medical segment, that difficult compare where there was timing of tenders in Asia and EMEA in that quarter that aided that high growth rate. As you think about the outlook though for Safety, no fundamental changes to what we had shared in prior quarters. We still see about 50% of the way through the safety conversion in Europe, and so certainly, a runway remains there for the next several years. And in emerging markets, we are still certainly sub 20% conversion as you think about markets like China, the rest of emerging markets even less than that, less than 15% or 10% conversion and so still a long runway to go there. Obviously, the key to success in driving that is driving the legislative changes that really start mandating health-care institutions to convert to safety products. You saw that happen in Europe, and we continue to work with governments around the world, particularly, again, in emerging markets to help shape that policy and marketplace.
Thomas Polen: This is Tom. No. I mean, if you look at – now, keep in perspective, most of our drug delivery devices are probably not as much used for the generic space because a large portion are in the biologics. Obviously, that's still relatively early in biosimilars. And if you look at our Pharm Systems business, I think we're up 6.7% year-to-date there, so very strong performance.
Alberto Mas: Yes. Hi. This is Alberto. Good morning. We haven't seen any material change in the demand from the pharma companies. Now, a lot of these are driven by negotiations and discussions with us for a long period of time where the funding is secured. So we'll monitor that, but at the moment we are not seeing any big impact.
Alberto Mas: So just on the Life Sciences, I'll highlight three launches or approvals this quarter, and Chris mentioned them. The FACSLyric, which is our next-generation clinical flow cytometry. We are very excited by that. It'll be much easier to use. Clinical software standardization across the different sites really will enable our customers to do very nicely. Second one is in Kiestra, our urine application, which uses imaging to essentially automatically discard no-growth plates, which really will lighten the workload and concentrate the limited amount of resources our customers have to a more valuable tests basically. And the third one is Lyric, one more that I'm – the extended bacterial panel that was also that was also previously highlighted. That is the third element out of four of our Enteric series of panels overall. And the last one to be approved now is the viral panel.
Alberto Mas: And just to complete the picture, MAX, we expect the 20-plus percent growth rate – normally we have this quarter, but for the year. Kiestra in the double digits, and our Core Microbiology franchise grew over 5% year-to-date as well. So we're very confident about our Core products.
Alberto Mas: Yes. For (65:22) for the quarter, we did have a very difficult compare last year, grew over 10%. So that was – and then it's mostly just timing of tenders outside the U.S. is mostly what affected it, but otherwise no big change.
