Tom Polen: Hey, Robbie, this is Tom. I'll take the first two questions and then turn it to Chris for your last one. So, of the $400 million, that is essentially pump capital that we're unable to ship. Of course, we have a very large install base in the field. We aren't expecting any meaningful impact on our consumable business there. We actually have seen some increase in consumable demand certainly because of the flu season. And as we mentioned, we stand very strongly behind the quality of the products and its continued usage in delivering 70% of infusions, particularly in the US. Lingering into 2021, what I could say at this point is, look, we know what we need to do to address this situation, and that's to submit the updated 510(k) within Q4, as I shared. So, that's what we're focused on right now. The timing in which we're going to get – we're working collaboratively with the FDA, and I'd say we'll give you updates as that progresses in terms of our ability to open up and resume shipping. So, as we continue that collaboration with the FDA, we'll have more visibility and we'll keep you updated.
Tom Polen: Hey, David. So, what I would say is, of course, customers have been increasingly selecting the Alaris product, as you know, for many years and we've seen that in continued share gains in the category. I would say, going into FY 2020 this year, we've had really – that momentum is continuing to be very, very strong. So, high level of customer engagement and interest, going right up to this point, and continuing to convert to the platform.  So, I think people's conviction in terms of they see the value of the product, obviously, not only the power of having one integrated system, but the interoperability ability which we have. We'd expect nearly 90% of all interoperable pumps in the US are BD pumps today. It's a capability that we have that we think is at another level than others are able to offer. And we also, of course, have the integrated medication management solution that connects more broadly. And so, feedback early on is that customers still see that value and will be working to help people as possible to wait for that. Of course, we have a very, very large install base, and that normally takes – we see people upgrade every – let's say, 10 years in general. We see people begin to refresh their fleet. So, we also recognize people have flexibility in terms of do they do that right now or do they wait until we get our updated 510(k) in place. Of course, we'll have a better sense of how fast we'll be able to re-engage with customers as we continue our dialogue with the FDA and as we get that 510(k) updated and submitted. And that's our number one focus right now, is getting that filing done, which will reflect not only the upgrades that we're making right now, but it's going to reflect the changes to the software that have also been made historically, will all be included in this updated 510(k) that we'll be submitting.
Tom Polen: Yeah. Hey, Brian. It's Tom. So, let me start with your last question and then work our way forward. So, as I mentioned, based on the quality system in our infusion business, we've made software upgrades over time to the Alaris system. And over that period of time, and we're talking – not this year, we're talking a number of years, our quality process determined that those upgrade that we've been making in that business did not require a 510(k) clearance.  And so, most recently, on the most recent changes and updates that we've made, we follow that same process and our team determined based on that process that those recent updates in November also did not require an new 510(k) clearance. And so, we released that software improvement in December and we resumed shipping, as we had shared with you last month. Since what we've learned – and as I mentioned, we had a key meeting with the FDA as recently as this Monday. Through our ongoing dialogue with the FDA, we learned that the FDA disagreed with that determination about the need for a new 510(k) clearance for the updated software. And that applies not just to the upgraded software that we're talking about in November, but that decision process that had occurred over time.  And so, as I said, we're collaborating with the FDA on their request to combine all the Alaris software enhancements and remediation upgrades with the additional changes made to be Alaris system over time, over years, into a more comprehensive regulatory filing which is going to be submitted this summer. And so, while you're right, we are ready to – we have the information ready for the recent software upgrades, the work that has to take place between now and the submission date is more referenced to the historical changes that have been made over multiple years going back and some additional testing that we need to do on those historic changes to reflect the testing requirements today. So, that's the work that has to be done.
Tom Polen: Bob, this is Tom. I can't comment on other organizations, but what I can say is that it's not unprecedented where there are situations where over time a product evolves and then the FDA looks and says, wait a minute, your current 510(k) needs to be updated to reflect those series of changes over time.  And in this case, there was a process in the business and there's a specific quality process within the infusion business, within the consent decree that the team was following that said, each of those individual changes didn't require a 510(k) process. Again, when the FDA looks back at it over a 5, 10-year period, they say, wait a minute, you actually need to put in a 510(k) given that series of changes that have been made. And that's the exact work that we're doing.
Tom Polen: Yeah. thanks, Kristen, for the question. So, let me answer your last question first. When it comes to medical necessity, we are working collaboratively with the FDA to put in place a process for customers to continue to get access to new Alaris pumps under medical necessity. And that's again as required for medical necessity and that process is getting finalized now. We'll be reviewing that process with the FDA and then providing that to customers. Of course, it is a life sustaining product in many cases and there will be needs for medical necessity pumps, we expect, and we have requests for those now, certainly in house. When it comes to clearance and timing for that, I'd say, of course, we're very focused right now on getting that 510(k) submitted. Clearance timing, we're working again with the FDA. I think it's probably not prudent to speculate until we get the feedback from the FDA.  In parallel, though, I would say that the work on the catch-up 510(k) that I've described, we've started that work in full and have momentum well underway. That's why we have a good sense of and confidence in the timing of submission.  Thanks, Kristen.
Tom Polen: Hey Vijay. Tom. Thanks for the question. So, we don't expect any impact on Pyxis. We continue to have strong momentum there. And again, we have late stage ongoing discussions with customers who we think many of them will wait for the Alaris product to be able to resume shipping in order to either convert or to upgrade their fleet. Again, we stand by the safety of the products, and so this is a delay in terms of when we can ship new pumps is what we're focused on.  By the way, when we ship under medical necessity, we will be shipping, we expect, the prior version of the software, to your question, and we can't ship – I think you had alluded to, can we just go back and ship the prior version of the pump more broadly. And, no, the answer is no, we can't do that. We're limiting shipments of pumps exclusively to that under medical necessity as we work with the FDA. And again, we'll keep you updated as we progress and once we get past the 510(k) submission.
Tom Polen: As you can imagine, given the situation, we want to be particularly prudent and make sure that, again, as we work collaboratively with the FDA here, we'll know more as those discussions progress.
Tom Polen: Hey, Larry. Thanks for the question. So, in terms of the question regarding the overall pumps, this catch-up 510(k) is going to be extremely comprehensive. And so, to your point, we feel that this will put us actually a good spot in terms of getting full compliance. Again, we're working with the FDA, so that, at the end of the day, once we get this 510(k) established, the new one, we'll be fully meeting the expectations of the FDA and we're having that active dialogue, obviously, understanding their expectations, how our process may have led us to make some different decisions there. But we're getting all of that reflected and put into an FDA that will be completely comprehensive with the latest expectations and requirements. And that's the reason for that submission timeline because we are being prudent and fully comprehensive to the full expectations of the FDA. So, you could say that should put us in a good position going forward.  On Pyxis is not a 510(k) approved product. It's not regulated in the same way as it's a dispensing system. So, certainly, on other products in the company, we are assessing that, but it doesn't pertain to Pyxis.
Tom Polen: Richard, let me just start and then I'll turn over to Chris. Certainly, as we've shared, it was just getting started when we gave guidance. It hadn't started really rolling out across the provinces. It was in discussion. Very few of them had at started their processes and others were beginning the dialogue. And so, the pace of that happening and the number of provinces was still uncertain. And we made that very clear, I think, when we shared that at that time.  So, we've had another quarter to understand how that's involving and I would say it's evolving a bit faster than we had originally thought it would. Again, we've seen – this has happened in the generic drug industry. So, we have surrogates to see the model, the pace at which it goes and we've also seen some of the tenders now go through in the last quarter and we've been able to see exactly what pricing changes are being finalized in those tenders. And so, now we've been able to say, okay, here's the exact pricing reductions that we're going to see and the number of provinces and we've built that in.  As we mentioned, as Chris said, so the $200 million business today in China, again, that's out of a $1.2 billion total China business, it is a significant drop in that $200 million business. We've built that in. At the same time, we are redirecting resources from that portfolio of businesses into some of the areas and opportunities we see in Life Sciences and Interventional and we see some opportunities for acceleration in China in those two. It's not a level to offset fully, as you've heard from Chris, but it's certainly that combined with the increased level of flu testing, DCBs and other areas that are doing better than expected. It offsets it for us across the company, and thus why Chris' comment that the complete change in guidance here is 100% associated with the Alaris pump.
Tom Polen: Richard, maybe just to give you a little bit more color because it can be a little tricky. The comment on the distributors, the way that works – and it has a little bit disproportionate impact in the first year – is of course we're selling, we and other companies in China, we sell our products to distributors who then sell them to the customers. And so, if we've been selling them at a certain price to the distributors and they have a large inventory of those, they see this process now happening and the ability to now – they don't get stuck with a bunch of inventory at a higher price if the market price is going down. And so, they're bringing down their days inventory on hand, both so that they wait to see the pricing of all because they don't have bought at high prices and selling at low, and the other thing is they're looking at who's going to win these tenders becomes more uncertain in this environment. And so, again, they don't want to get stuck with a large amount of inventory and you see the channel then taking down the inventory concurrent with the situation. That's all comprehended in the updated guidance that we've given, but just want to give a little bit more color on why we made the comment on distributors have an impact.
Tom Polen: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. Again, we just had this – the most recent discussion with the FDA this Monday. So, I don't want to – certainly, we're very focused on – and we're already starting that work on the 510(k). We had had some of that momentum going well before then. But we're going to be in a better position to give you an update on that once we get through it. Our goal right now is to submit and seek clearance as quick as possible and to meet the expectations of the FDA. So, I think it will be premature to speculate on any timing of the clearance process. Thanks.
Tom Polen: Hey, Matthew. Thanks for the question. So, Alaris as a system it includes – it's all one system, right? So, the Alaris system which is – one of the reasons the customers do prefer it so much is that it includes an LVP, the syringe and the PCA. They all snap on as modules that you can choose from based on the patients and the types of medications that the patient requires and the administration route. So, those are all fully in scope and comprehended within the guidance that we gave you an update on.  In terms of broader medication management strategy, I think you're exactly right that customers deeply value the full set of solutions there and that that provides an impetus that people want to move in that full direction and not necessarily say I want to just move to having an isolated product that's not helping me manage medications, it's just literally doing a pumping activity and I can't use the data to do things that I can, like how we're using data from pumps and Pyxis and other things to do diversion analytics that you just can't do with other solutions.  So, I think you're right there. We don't see at this point impact even as we are doing broader medication management deals. Of course, there's multiple other products as part of that suite of solutions. There's Pyxis, there's Pyxis Logistics, there's Pyxis Prep, there's HealthSight, there's a number of other products. And those products, of course, can still be used with the existing Alaris space. So, there's nothing stopping people from continuing to add those products on as they continue to use their Alaris products and utilize the data coming off of Alaris to be used as part of that full solution.  Thank you for the question.
Tom Polen: Great, thank you. So, as we close today, I want to reiterate BD's strong commitment to product quality, regulatory compliance and patient safety. You expect it, our customers deserve it and our patients depend on it.  While I'm very disappointed that we had to lower our guidance today, I'm also confident that we'll look back on this moment as a catalyst for driving a better BD. Let me assure you that we are taking accountability, we're acting with urgency and we're proceeding with an unwavering commitment to our purpose and the patients we serve.  I'm also confident that our broad portfolio, our global reach and our passionate team of associates provide an incredible opportunity to drive long-term growth and enable us to make a bigger impact on customers, patients and shareholders around the world.  Thank you.
Christopher Reidy: I would just add to provide clarity to the guidance change. Up until the infusion pump issue this week in our meeting with the FDA this week, we were fully planning to reaffirm our guidance for fiscal year 2020. The 2.5% to 3.5% revenue growth guidance assumes essentially, on the low-end, that we sell virtually no pumps. And of our 450-ish kind of US infusion pump business, the range above that would expect the normal range of guidance that we would've had prior to this issue as well as the potential of selling some pumps under medical necessity. 
Christopher Reidy: So, what I would say is, it's 100% pumps because as you think about the puts and takes that we had this year, we are seeing upside on the flu side. We're seeing better performance in DCBs as we talked about. So, we have some strong performance in the rest of the business. China, outside of the value-based – volume-based procurement is doing extremely well, strong double digits across Interventional and Life Sciences. So, we had some upside. We did take into consideration the acceleration of the volume-based procurement. That stepped up. Just to kind of give you a sense, that's $200 million peripheral catheter business for us. Last quarter, we took it down by about $40 million. We've accelerated that by about $60 million, partly because of accelerations in the province tenders that we are seeing, but even more dramatically, the distributors taking down inventories in anticipation of these tenders. And so, that's an additional $60 million. So, we've taken down an additional $60 million. So, that takes us down to about $100 million left in that business going forward. That $60 million, plus the coronavirus of about $20 million to $30 million, we're offsetting with the strong performance, as I talked about, in other parts of the business.  So as I said, going into this week, we had all of that in the mix and would have still reaffirmed our guidance for the year. So, you can think about the takedown as entirely the Alaris pump issue.
Christopher Reidy: And I would just say, in response to your first part of your question, just again for clarity, that the low end of our range, the 2.5%, would assume that there are essentially no pumps sold and the entire amount of revenue was taken out. And we would have to assume that there would be – pumps sold under medical necessity would be limited, but the rest of the range up from the low end of the range would account for some sales of pumps under medical necessity, as well as the normal range that we would have in the guidance.
Christopher Reidy: So, let me take a shot at that, Rick. Thanks for the question. I'd say that we're only a quarter into this year. So, clearly, it's a little tough to talk about 2021 at this point. This is very recent developments that occurred this week with the FDA which we're addressing.  With size of the impact for FY 2020, keep in mind that a big chunk of the revenue base is coming out this year which does create a bit of an easier compare year-over-year. That's not our focus. Our focus is getting through this issue and working with the FDA to get the pumps shipping again. And I think there's nothing about this situation that changes are 5% to 6% double-digit growth going forward, the underlying business is extremely strong and continues to be strong and will continue to be strong. As I said, the only thing taking our guidance down is this issue. We'll get past this issue and be back to that same standard of delivering value going forward.
Christopher Reidy: The only thing I would add to that is that the other thing that we saw as the situation developed is the distributors taking down their inventory levels much quicker than we would have originally anticipated as they saw this issue develop as well. So, a big chunk of that happened since the last time we spoke. And we really see that mostly impacting the second quarter. And so, the biggest hit from that additional $60 million that we took China down will hit us in the second quarter and then moderate somewhat in the third and fourth quarter.  But, again, just to kind of go through the math, $200 million business. The last time we spoke, we took it down by $40 million, $200 million being the FY 2019 number. We took it down by $40 million and we're now taking it down an additional $60 million. So, the impact this year across that is $100 million just for that specific item, taking that business down to $100 million going forward. And there will be some spillover into next year, but as you might expect, to a somewhat lesser extent.
