Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we stated in our press release, we were pleased with our third quarter results, which were in line with our expectations. Growth was driven by our BD Medical and BD Diagnostics segments, and we continue to experience strong growth in international safety and emerging markets. We believe that our revenue and earnings growth this quarter demonstrate that our strategy implementation is on track. We're seeing improved performance in the back half of the fiscal year, as we expected and outlined for you earlier this year. We continue to face challenges in our Biosciences business in the U.S., which was in line with our expectations. The Biosciences business continues to be impacted by an uncertain research spending environment and lack of overall demand for instruments and research re-agents. In other areas of our business, we see utilization in the U.S. as stable but constrained, with some uncertainty in Europe due to continued macroeconomic challenges. Overall, we believe that our results this quarter continue to highlight the benefits of our diversified portfolio, with softness in 1 segment being offset by strength in our other 2 segments. We also continue to see a positive impact from our new product launches in addition to growth from the Accuri, Carmel and KIESTRA acquisitions. We recently announced our plans to acquire Safety Syringes, Inc., SSI, a privately held company that specializes in the development of passive anti-needlestick devices for prefillable syringes. This transaction is subject to regulatory review and is expected to close by the end of the fiscal year. This acquisition will nicely complement our Pharmaceutical Systems unit and our safety-engineered products, and it is well aligned with BD's strategy of applying technology in clinical knowledge to make healthcare more effective, efficient and safe. We believe that BD's expertise, in conjunction with Safety Syringes' portfolio, will enable innovative safety technology development and will bring forth the next generation of safety-engineered prefillable syringes. SSI's latest annual sales were about $30 million, with a compound annual growth rate of about 10% over the past 3 years. Once the acquisition is complete, revenues will be accounted for under our Pharmaceutical Systems unit. Based on our results year-to-date, we are now guiding currency-neutral revenue growth to be about 4%, the higher end of our previously communicated range. We are reaffirming our currency-neutral EPS growth of 4% to 5% even as we continue to invest in new products and absorb costs from our recent acquisitions. On Slide 5, we've outlined our third quarter revenue and EPS results, which I will speak to on a currency-neutral basis. The results of our Discovery Labware business, excluding Advanced Bioprocessing, have been reclassified to discontinued operations. David will go through this later in his remarks. Total company revenues were solid, increasing by 4.9%. Fully diluted EPS came in at $1.52, [indiscernible] and 9.7% over the [indiscernible]. For the 9 months year-to-date results, revenue growth was 4.1%; EPS of $3.95 increased by 1%. Now I'd like to turn things over to David for a more detailed discussion of our third quarter financial performance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, just to clarify on the acquisition, since David said they're becoming neutral to EPS. But on a cash basis, they're accretive to EPS in 2013.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. I think actually we're making very good progress on standardizing our evaluation process. We always had a pretty good standardized evaluation process. But also, now the -- as we do these deals, the due diligence process and the integration process, I think that's probably the area we're making most progress on. And as David mentioned in his remarks, we're starting to see some good progress on those recent acquisitions that we've done. In terms of the size of the deal, we're still focused on plug-in acquisitions, so we really don't have any change going on there. But working with the businesses, it's not that we've added a large number of people to corporate development. It's a couple of piece -- people that are working on these standardized processes and working directly with the businesses and it's all business units to identify the acquisitions. The other thing that we've done is just extended that capability internationally. And as you've seen in the last couple of deals that we've done and have international deals. So that's kind of the overview of where we're at, and we have -- and we continue to have a good pipeline to evaluate.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, Bill Kozy can talk to that, but it definitely was the Pharm Systems segment that was really driving this acquisition, and Bill can talk to -- because it moves us into a new space we weren't in before.
Vincent A. Forlenza: As David said, we'll look to do what we can, but we're also going to fund our strategic initiatives. So it's going to be a balancing act that we're going to be doing. We're looking at all elements of our cost structure for next year in trying to drive our efficiency programs. But that, as we know, provides significant headwind.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, you're right, we have. And the first thing I would say is that we're driving more -- the more global nature of the culture. And we've made some changes so that, as we look to the future, that we give a more full voice, I would say, in terms of the regions and especially the emerging markets. And so that's #1 on our list. And it's not just a cultural change piece, but it's also a capability piece that we're building around the globe. And that is more entrepreneurship, building marketing capability, building government affairs around the globe and, ultimately, R&D. And I've added 2 senior people to my direct reports to get further focus on international. And of course, we see a lot of growth coming from international over the next couple of years. Secondly, we're driving an innovation agenda for the company, and Bill Kozy has been heading this up for me, working with others in the organization. And we see a tremendous excitement around that agenda for the company. And so that's the second piece. And that's married with one other piece I would like to put on the table, which is customer-centricity. We hired a Chief Marketing Officer for the company, and there's a much more intense focus on the customers here. And so what we're doing is we're marrying up this innovation focus with this customer focus, and that dovetails with the global piece of this, the global view of the customers and where we're going. Do I think we're making progress? Absolutely. I think we're making progress. I also think that this is a long journey that you take step by step in terms of building real capability. But we're excited about it.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So Tom will do that. I would say, before he makes a remark, that I think we're really taking an innovative approach to menu here, and that's starting to take hold, and Tom can update you on that. So Tom, why don't you start with BD MAX, and then we can talk about Hologic. Thanks.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I don't know that we want to get too detailed on exactly where we're going, but we think we have obviously, some issues in terms if we want to upgrade our current base, but we think it's attractive to the entire marketplace. We're not going to get real detailed about our tactics on the call.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So this is Vince just adding on. So if you think about the Viper, because Tom is indicating there are 2 very different business segments here. In the STD space, the Chlamydia and HPV markets are available to us and also the genotyping space there. Now we're seeing on the HAI side, it's going to be the core area for MAX. With MRSA and the C. diff. markets all available to us, that tends to be not the same kind of high-volume as the STD marketplace, the HPV and Chlamydia. And then we're going to expand from there, which is all of the other assays that Tom is talking about in terms of transplant assays and other things, and then this kind of porting on these tests that the labs are doing themselves. So there's a substantial opportunity for us over time.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Bill Kozy can talk to that, but from a market standpoint, the U.S. market is going to be constrained till sometime after the elections, and there's an agreement on what the budget is going to be. And I've been down to Capitol Hill talking to Congress about this, but this whole threat of sequestration and our customers not knowing what their funding is going to be. We know we have at least another, probably, at least 9 months of uncertainty because Congress is talking about, well, it'll take 6 months now with the new Congress coming in to figure this all out. So that's a U.S. issue. We're seeing good growth internationally. So in terms of competition, I think, Bill, you feel pretty good about the product line that we have and where we're going with it.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So in terms of the revenue, if that's what you're asking and the fact that the business is lumpy, continues to be lumpy, so that's going to happen quarter-to-quarter. In terms of it, if you were asking from a product pipeline, then we're excited about this move into both SAIS, which is self-administration products, and we're starting to see some traction there. And Bill can talk to you about what those products are. And then of course, just move into an additional segment we have not participated in, which is the passive safety segment. So Bill, maybe you want to talk to that a little bit, where we're going with SAIS.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Okay, well, thank you very much for joining us today. That wraps up our call. We look forward to talking about and wrapping up the year with you on our next call and, of course, giving you the guidance for 2013, which you've been asking about for a long time now. And so we look forward to giving you that clarity. Just to finish up, we had solid revenue growth, underlying of about 4%. We can see good progress on our profitability improvement programs and our product portfolio, and expansion in emerging markets is on track. So thank you very much, and look forward to talking to you again.
David V. Elkins: Yes, just a couple of things. One, on Discovery Labware, as we've been guiding, next year we're going to do share repurchases between $400 million and $600 million, and that contemplates the sale of Discovery Labware. As we said previously, the net proceeds of that are about $500 million. As you start thinking about fiscal year '13, Amit, it's just a couple of things. One is if you think about some of the headwinds that we'll have, we have the device tax that comes in next year. We said that's about $55 million. Currency, we're anticipating the headwind from where we are this year. This year, we'll probably average, versus the euro, about $1.30, and we have strengthening costs; other currencies as well, as you know, Indian rupee, as well as the Brazilian real, so we anticipate that, that will continue as we go into next year. And then next year, we have the implementation of our SAP EVEREST in North America, which next year is going to be at peak. As far as the tailwinds, and we'll update you on this in November when we provide guidance, but our recent acquisitions are going to become neutral to EPS as we get into next year, and that should be accretive on an EPS basis overall. Also, if you recall our ReLoCo program, we got about $50 million to $60 million next year coming through on that. In ReLoCo II, we'll start to see some benefits on that as we get into fiscal year '13. And we'll also see the benefits of some of these new product launches. We expect the launch of about 10 new products by the end of fiscal year '12. So we've got some good tailwinds. I don't know if there's anything else Vince wants to add.
David V. Elkins: What we have said is we're spending about $100 million this year on the ERP system, and that's been increasing about 20% a year. So as we look at '13, it will be our peak year with our North American implementation. But again, we'll give you those exact numbers once we do our guidance for fiscal year '13.
David V. Elkins: Just A couple of things on that, David. Good question. First is the buyback that we did over the past 2 years was driven by the bond offerings that we've done. If you take a look at where our cash is generated, the majority of our cash continues to be generated outside the United States. And as I said earlier, about 80% of our cash balance at the end of the quarter is outside the U.S. So the cash that we generate within the U.S. pretty much covers the dividend. And if you think about the share repurchases next year, that's pretty much being funded by the sale of the Discovery Labware business. So as we move forward, that's something for you to consider.
David V. Elkins: Yes, 2 things. One is better performance than we anticipated was one of the drivers. If you remember, we originally guided about $0.25, as you had said. The better performance in the business is one of the things. As we strip that out, it wound up doing better in the second half of the year than we originally anticipated, as most of our businesses have. Also, I think the second thing is we go through and refined all of the allocated overhead costs. That was the second thing, that some of the costs that are remaining with the business are a little higher than we had originally estimated. And as we move into next year and once this deal becomes finalized, we'll be able to go after those stranded costs and look to remove those costs next year. Obviously, we're not going to do that until the deal is finalized.
David V. Elkins: Yes, the stranded cost for the quarter was about $0.03 to EPS or about $8 million. For the full year, it's around $0.10.
David V. Elkins: Yes, really, on that one, it remains as we previously talked about. We're going to look to offset some of that as we can, but that's going to be incorporated into our overall guidance as we look into -- as we provide guidance in November on fiscal year '13. I don't know if Vince has anything to add.
David V. Elkins: We didn't guide specifically the fourth quarter as we normally don't, which is provided it for the full year.
David V. Elkins: Yes, again, we're not providing specific guidance on the quarter. But if you take the full year results, we're at the $5.33 to $5.38, you're going to get into that range.
David V. Elkins: Yes, it fluctuates from quarter to quarter based upon the individual currency. Some currencies drop through more than others. And as I said earlier on the call, 2 other currencies that really weakened against the dollar was the Indian rupee, as well as the Brazilian real. I think in this last quarter, it was around 30%, but again, that fluctuates quarter to quarter. But if you're in that 25% range, Michael, it's a pretty good number to use from a currency perspective.
David V. Elkins: Yes, it's primarily Discovery Labware. The majority of that business is in the U.S. So it has a high tax rate, over 35%. But also we are continuing to see good movement on our effective tax rate. Two things that drive that: one is the tax planning that we're doing; but two, it's just our mix of business. More of our business comes from outside the United States that helps affect our tax rate.
David V. Elkins: A good way rule of thumb is if you think about the euro, we have about $2 billion in euro sales, which makes up the bulk. It ranges in that 60% to 70% of our foreign currency exposure. Brazilian real is probably the next largest, which is around 15% of our currency exposure. And then the Indian rupee is less than 10%. But that should give you a pretty good idea of the key ones that are driving that currency exposure. And as we saw in the quarter and one of the things we are doing with our guidance is contemplating that the dollar continues to strengthen, get to the bottom end of our range that contemplates that the dollar would continue to strengthen in August and in September.
David V. Elkins: Well, China is a bit of a unique situation, so -- since that's really controlled, and that's more of anyone's guess as where that's going to go.
David V. Elkins: Yes, there's a couple things to keep in mind as we move forward. One is, obviously, any type of tax planning that goes on, as Vince has talked about in previous calls, we have to see what happens with any kind of repatriation of overseas cash. We're not alone in this. This affects a lot of companies. So that's number one. Number two, there's things that we can do continuously. We repatriate funds and pay tax on that year-over-year. So that's an option that we have as we move forward. So those are the 2 main things that really impact the level of cash that we have in the U.S.: tax policy and our ability to repatriate, pay the tax from cash that's overseas.
David V. Elkins: Yes, there's 2 things. One is the interest rate in Brazil. We hold some cash there, and obviously, interest rate has to come down. Also, just to remind everyone, deferred compensation, there's an offset versus our SG&A line, and that's the other big one that's there.
David V. Elkins: That's right. In other income, there's an offset versus our SG&A for deferred compensation. Whenever there's movement in our deferred compensation from a share price perspective on the overall stock market, you have higher costs in SG&A, which is offset in other income.
Tom Polen: This is Tom Polen. Just [indiscernible] that question. So to start with TriPath. TriPath in the quarter, we grew just over 8%, and that's consistent with the trends that we've seen in the past, where the U.S. is relatively flat, driven by flat Pap volumes overall. And x U.S., we continue to see solid double-digit growth as we're upgrading customers from conventional Pap to our liquid-based cytology and as developing countries continue to expand access to the cervical cancer screening. We switch over to GenOhm and STD. GenOhm, we saw a 0.9% decline in the quarter, driven, as David mentioned earlier, by continued MRSA competitiveness and pricing pressure. C. diff, we are continuing to see strong double-digit growth but off of a smaller base than MRSA for now. Of course, we have recently received FDA approval of MRSA on MAX, and we are focused on driving new MAX placements to accelerate our growth in that HAI space. And we expect that's going to take a few quarters for you to see that ramp. But we're getting very, very positive customer feedback as we're launching that at this time. On the high-volume STD-screening business, we saw flat performance this quarter, primarily impacted by a difficult comparison to last year, which is when we launched our new XTR chemistry on the Viper platform, and we had most of our very large customers pull in stock last quarter as part of converting up to that XTR chemistry. If you look at a full year basis on our STD business, it's up about 3.5% year-to-date through Q3. With a few points higher than 3.4% volume, that's being partially offset from pricing pressures that I think we see across the board in that high-volume screening market.
Tom Polen: Yes, this is Tom Polen. So obviously, right now, with the launch of really the first major assay in a major market, U.S. being by far and away the largest market for Molecular Diagnostics, MRSA is our first. We had GBS approved last quarter, a relatively small assay. MRSA represents the first large assay we have in MAX in our major markets. So right now, because that just happened a few weeks ago, our focus is on launch of MRSA and MAX. And again, we're seeing some good early traction there that we expect over the next couple of quarters because of the sales cycle there. We'll start seeing that reflected in the performance of that business. We do have, as we've shared in the past multiple times, an aggressive menu for MAX. We've got over 15 assays in the pipeline for MAX. The next assay, as Vince mentioned earlier, to launch will be C. diff, and we are on track to submit that to the FDA later this quarter. We have finished the clinical trial and are preparing the submission now, and that will go in later this quarter. We also are very pleased with the progress on our partner assays. We've put out announcements over the last year regarding 12 assays that are being developed through our partners. And we expect the first of those to begin launching in the EU before the end of this calendar year, and so we'll be making further announcements as those launch dates approach. But we're rapidly seeing menu expansion, particularly outside the U.S., where just because of the CE marking process, we can get to market earlier. So I would ask that probably look at EU as the first sign of where you'll see our significant menu ramps starting to come to the marketplace. So I think hopefully that answers your question.
Tom Polen: Oh, I'm sorry, on Hologic, I know we've commented that on the last quarter as well. No change essentially on the response from last quarter's call. Of course, Gen-Probe has been very publicly in play over the last year, and so the acquisition didn't come as a surprise. We've made our integrated molecular cytology strategy in Women's Health, very clear for some time now, through Totalys and the Viper LT platforms that Vince spoke about earlier. And so we see the move. Hologic makes it clear they see value on a similar approach. We're continuing full speed ahead with our strategy and don't see any specific change to our approach at this point in time.
Tom Polen: This is Tom Polen. Wouldn't quantify that. I think that's a -- it's been a well-recognized and, I know, a well quoted trend across the industry that STD pricing pressure in the U.S. and Europe are certainly not something that we're necessarily proactively driving ourselves. Leave it at that.
Tom Polen: Okay, so this is Tom Polen again. Let's start with MAX, and then I'll circle back on regarding the high throughput side. So I mean, as you said, we are also getting very positive feedback from customers. I don't think we don't want to quantify the size of the opportunity at this point in time. Obviously, that expands in proportion to our menu and as customers continue to get traction on developing their own assays on the system. We are seeing, as you said, customers, particularly starting in Europe, developing a wide range of assays on MAX. We have customers running everything from neuro virus to cystic fibrosis to TB assays that they've developed themselves converted over to homebrew; from homebrew to other open platforms to the MAX. So as we think about positioning of the MAX platform versus the Viper, and as you mentioned, those incoming competitors, so we certainly recognize that MAX is in a unique space versus some of the platforms that you mentioned earlier. MAX is designed for some of the midpoint assays like MRSA C.Diff. But we also have mentioned we have assays like GC/CT Trich coming to MAX x U.S. later in FY '13 and the U.S. at a later point in time. So we see [indiscernible] has a very unique position [ph]. We have our assays coming on, and we'll have our partner assays coming on board, and it will have customers' assays being ported over from their other open systems, right. And none of the other platforms that you mentioned, I won't repeat them, have that ability to bring that type of portfolio to a single fully automated platform. As we think about our Viper franchise and the competitive dynamics happening there, we certainly recognize that there are new entrants coming into that space. We have a very, very solid platform with our Viper XTR platform, which is fully automated, integrated platform on the market today. We have our next-generation platform, which is our Viper LT, launching in the U.S. and in Europe next year, and that is also a bench-top version. So if you think about the PANTHER, not a bench-top version but -- similar volume throughput of Viper LT but an actual bench top. And then we'll have SDA and PCR on it. And of course, our first PCR assay based on that platform will be the HPV genotyping assay, which we are launching about this time, slightly earlier, next year x U.S. And then we'll be announcing the U.S. launch afterwards. So there we see our future instrument platforms, as well as assay menu expansion, as being key factors in continuing our strong position in that.
William A. Kozy: David, it's Bill Kozy. Just to add, let's go down the technology side for just a second. We wanted a short-term capability for passive needlestick safety on our Pharm Systems platform. So their technology gives us that chance to move into that right away. And we see, over time, an accelerating customer interest in that type of technology which we did not have.
William A. Kozy: Yes, this is Bill Kozy. I think that Vince captured the essence. We're probably paying more attention to the environment and the U.S. government direction at this point in time. That's our biggest gate. Our array of both high-end instruments, the addition of Accuri and the recent launch of FACSJazz and FACSVerse have got us very well positioned in each of those key flow segments. So we feel good about our products. We'll just look to see that environment improve in the time ahead.
William A. Kozy: This is Bill Kozy. We are starting to get traction, to echo Vince's comment on the autoinjector. And we have a couple generations -- to your portfolio question, we've got a couple of generations of autoinjectors that we expect to launch in the years ahead. This tends to be a little bit more of a mass customization business, where we provide a major pharmaceutical customer with an injector that best matches up with both their patient population, as well as the drug that needs to be delivered. And we actually saw a revenue impact the first time, very, very modest, this last quarter on that area. Now in the core area, to your comment about what's in the pipeline, all of our attention in terms of R&D investment has been 2 categories: it's on biotech and vaccines. And it's a little early to be saying exactly what we intend to do there over the next couple of years, but we'll keep you informed on those product launches as they start to emerge in the 18 to 24 months ahead. Those are the 2 focus areas if you look at our large customer base.
