Tom Polen: Yes. Hey, Vijay, good morning. This is Tom. Thanks for the good questions here and make sure I address all of them. So Alaris, as we said, we expect that to be essentially flat to 2020. One thing about that as about $100 million contribution in 2022 and 2021. Put in perspective, that's, as Chris mentioned, that's about 2020 was closer to $300 million. So even in our -- as we think about the 8.1% growth this past year that absorbs about a point of Alaris coming down from the -- when we were getting very large numbers of additional medical necessity orders as people were adding to their fleets. So that's the assumption on Alaris. On vaccines, it's -- we still are towards the high-end of that $100 million to $150 million range that we'd expected for vaccination campaigns. And so we expect that's just kind of part of the MDS business. Now, I don't know if we were going to call that out as a guide in that growth, but we don't see it as a notable headwind in the growth rate of that business in 2022. We still have solid demand for those products. And as we said, we now have visibility to 2 billion units of syringes specifically for COVID vaccines, which we're obviously proud of being able to help deliver 2 billion COVID vaccines around the world. And I think we've shipped about 1.2 billion or 1.3 billion of those so far. So that gives a little bit of color, in terms of how much we left to ship in 2022. On the combo assay, great question. We've got Dave Hickey here, obviously, the President of our Life Sciences businesses. And so let me turn that question over to him.
Tom Polen: Yes. Robbie. This is Tom and good morning. So we'll try not to share too much of the thunder from next week, but it's good question. And we'll get more into this, but we've spent about $500 million this year. If you look at the acquisitions that we made last year, think about over the last 20 months or so we've invested about $900 million, that drives about $100 million this year and $200 million next year roughly from those tuck-in M&As. So if you do the math, that's about a little under a five times what we're paying in terms of revenue that we're getting from those acquisitions next year. And as you know, that's good value that we're getting, and we're obviously performing above our cost of capital on those acquisitions. We're clearly at those levels of multiples that were being able to get those assets for, we're not buying growth, we're absolutely growing what we buy leveraging our channels, our global position, our manufacturing capabilities, et cetera to scale these assets in ways that we're uniquely positioned to do so. We'll also share with you next week, the mix of how those breakout into the amount of spend and acquisitions that are going towards kind of that durable core base portfolio that we have versus those more transformative solution areas that I've talked about. Those three categories that we discussed and you'll see the weighting of those. They're highly weighted in high growth markets. That revenue that I described is growing north of double-digits as we go-forward. We continue to see opportunities. As we look ahead, we have a robust funnel. You can expect us to continue to drive that strategy forward. Obviously, it's been important part of why we focus so heavily on cash flow. Actually, if you look at our cash flow over the last two years since 2019, it's grown at 18% CAGR. That's not by accident, we've had very focused programs driving that that's something we're very proud of. And it positions us, as Chris mentioned, to drive a balanced strategy between tuck-in M&A strategy to drive our growth, as well as continue to return value to shareholders, as you've seen us doing so. Thanks for the question, Robbie and looking forward to more discussion next week.
Tom Polen: Yes, Matthew, this is Tom, good morning. The -- good question. We are not that that spend is done, right. So we're not that's not recurring spend, as we've always communicated that got cutoff last year in Q4. So that is out of our P&L going forward. And we'll share more details actually about exactly where that money was spent. And you'll see throughout the discussions next week at our Investor Day, each of the different businesses highlighting the programs that they've invested in and you'll see how that help to accelerate our growth outlook as we go-forward over the long-term. It is mixed across both innovation as well as accelerating our simplification strategy as well, and we'll share more details on that next week. But there it is balanced across both of those categories. And when we say the growth agenda, how it's balanced on that side, it is majority of the growth money that we're spending is in R&D, but there is money that we spend on expanding channels, so specifically telesales in Europe, non-acute sales channels in the U.S., and you'll hear more about those specific investments from our leaders in the U.S. region and from our European leaders next week as well. And we're excited to be able to share that. I know there's been a -- we've been busy over this last year. We're really proud of the progress that we've made on our strategy. And we're really looking forward to having our leaders share with you those details of that progress next week. Thanks for the question.
Tom Polen: Yes, obviously, it's a great business already. I think we're three or four years of consecutive acceleration in that business. We have Alberto Mas on the line. Maybe Alberto, if you could just comment on when do we start seeing some of that that capacity benefit to business and where that stands.
Tom Polen: We see that helping to continue to fuel what is that high single-digit, double-digit growth profile of that business.
Tom Polen: And Larry, this is Tom, thanks for the question and good morning. Great to connect. For China, you're going to hear from James Deng, our President of China actually next week. And so I know he's looking forward to sharing the progress there. As you said, we had a very good year in China this year. And we think we're kind of back to a strong growth rate looking forward, 551 for us, we don't see specific impact in our categories. It's something that we've spent a lot of time talking about. Obviously, we have four plants in China; they're focused almost exclusively in China, for China, and particularly focused in some of the categories that there is more local competition in like catheters, vacutainer tubes, pen needles, et cetera. But we make those businesses, those products, mostly in China, for China as well, so we can compete as a local organization in those. The other thing is we have a record number of new product launches coming out in China over the next three years. You'll hear from Simon and team in China, we're really pleased that we ended 2021 having doubled the size of the bar business in China since acquisition, that was a big focus of ours on revenue synergies. And there continues to be the impact of those registrations that we've been making over the last several years. The impact of those will be continuing to rollout with new launches as we look forward. I know again, Simon will talk next week, maybe share a couple of comments now on some of the launches that you're having in China that are occurring. So we feel good about the outlook for China. We're -- as all we're watching the situation very cautiously being prudent in our investments there. But we've got a great team, we saw strong performance this year and we do have a strong outlook in China for the next year as well.
Tom Polen: Maybe also we're finishing the year full stronger, right than what we thought at the time. So we're -- we had a really strong Q4. We're seeing that that strong demand in our base business. So we're going in. The beat that we're seeing here is a combination of not only stronger COVID diagnostics, but stronger performance in our base business as we wrap up the year. So I think that's an important point to -- a contributor to that as well.
Tom Polen: I just thanks everyone for the good discussion today. We obviously are really looking forward to discussing all the great work that the team has been doing here over the last 20 plus months as we've been advancing our BD 2025 strategy. I personally I'm really excited to -- for next week's event. We're going to be able to share with you where we've been investing, how we've been refining, and making significant changes in our portfolio to optimize growth and margins. And you'll hear from a wide range of leaders on how they're executing and bringing to life our 2025 strategy to create value for our customers and shareholders next week. So everyone stay well, and we'll look forward to continue great dialogue next week. Thank you.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes, that's right. Yes and thanks for the welcome as well, Vijay. Yes, just to clarify. So you're right, the pre-pandemic level was just over 25% fiscal year 2024 is our target to get above that level. We'll certainly share more next week in terms of specific initiatives. I think the way to think of it is we already had a lot of simplification efforts underway with Project Recode. Those can contribute about $300 million. That's one bucket. In addition to that, I articulated on the call even as it relates to actions we're taking and demonstrated at the end of 2021 and heading into 2022, we're increasing our initiatives, pricing, mix, portfolio optimization, and new initiatives on spend optimization as well. And then certainly, lastly, the Alaris ship hold that was an 80 basis point drag on the business going back to them. So while we're not being committed as it relates to timing, as you think through kind of the longer term timeframe, and that we will share next week, you would expect that to have a benefit over time. Thanks for the questions.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes, thanks, Bob. I appreciate the question. Great question. So look I think going forward, we're going to continue to provide transparency as it relates to kind of the base performance of the business. I understand your question as it relates to kind of jump off points as it relates to quarter keep in mind, there were a lot of quarterly fluctuations as we navigated 2020 through COVID and 2021 with inflationary dynamics. I think it's simplest to kind of normalize and just look at things on a full-year basis. So as you think of our operating margins from 2021 of 21.7%, on the base business, there's really a few key drivers. One is we've talked about through this about having our utilization levels impacted due to pandemic, our strong growth profile through 2021 and 2022, we now anticipate being well above in driving almost 100 basis points of utilization upside 2021 to 2022 full-year to full-year. In addition to that last year, we had the impact of currency. There was a headwind on earnings, they got trapped in inventory, and as that bleeds through, we actually have about a 50 basis point improvement heading from 2021 to 2022, that goes through to operating margin. Lastly, where we're investing a lot of our time, of course is navigating the inflationary dynamics. And we talked about the net 50 basis point improvement in terms of outsized inflation, which we would anticipate being north of 200 basis points in full-year 2022 offsetting that will be a series of initiatives. There's not one thing it's actually a very well balanced plan. We have talked about on the call; we're continuing to drive cost improvement in our plans. We're taking enact actions on the procurement side of the business as well in terms of spend. We're looking at things from an SSG&A standpoint as well and leveraging that. And then, yes, there is going to be a strong focus on pricing portfolio mix, driving growth through higher GP areas. And the net of all of those we actually expect a 50 basis point improvement. Maybe lastly, just to give you some color on kind of where we are, because I think this is important. We've entered the year with specific action plans against those goals. So we have risk adjusted plans, very detailed targeted actions to deliver the improvement we need to mitigate against deflation. If you go a step further and look where we are from kind of an execution standpoint, 80% to 90% of those have been fully identified and the plans are moving, and some of them are just more timing dynamics in terms of when we may take price or when we'll evolve our portfolio. And of that number, almost half of that is actually already banked coming into year flowing through our inventory and P&L. Now that's quite a testament to the work that we did in the back half of 2021 and already have strong progress. So we look forward to sharing more as the year progresses, but we feel good about the plan and the progress that we'll achieve through the year.
Chris DelOrefice: Hey, Robbie. How are you doing? It's Chris. Yes, as we said, the Form-10 will be later this year. That will -- we don't anticipate that being out by next week. Look, it's a good question. It's premature to share. We have to wait until the Form 10 is out, there will be much more detail there. But I really think the more important dynamic here is, right, this is actually just a portfolio transaction, and there is going to be sort of a reset of margin. And by definition, we had shared that, it is accretive, there will be a reset of margin, but more importantly, it's been diluted to both growth and margin growth, top-line growth and margin growth. So it could be an acceleration from that. And as we get into Investor Day, we can certainly share more as it relates to kind of the longer term impact as it relates to margin. And what I just shared in terms of our longer term margin improvement goals. We still feel really good about where we're going to position margin over time, and all these efforts going against that. And lastly, I think just the value creation opportunity this creates, I talked about the cash infusion of multiple years we get that gives us additional flexibility to think through how to reinvest and utilize those -- that cash infusion we can talk more about that as well over time.
Chris DelOrefice: No, I think Tom shared the directional right. These were about $100 million in the current year 2021. And we've talked about essentially doubling that. So on an incremental basis, you can think of about another $100 million. So it's a contributor to growth of 30 to 40 bps gives us a lot of confidence in our growth profile, and then the capacity to do more of that over time. We'll certainly talk more about next year.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes, thanks, Larry. Appreciate the question. Yes, I'll try to amplify some of the color that I provided earlier. So as we think of the year as the year progresses, first from the top-line, just to reiterate, we do actually expect relatively normalized growth with the exception of Q2 like I had shared because of the comparables. And then there's the dynamic of COVID only testing, which you'd expect to be more first half. So I would consider that that dynamic. From a margin standpoint, certainly first half, we anticipate to be lower. This is simply a matter of the inflationary dynamics that started in 2021, rolling through inventory. And the peak of when that rolls through and those costs actually hit is more like Q2. So kind of first half definitely less favorable margins versus the second half and Q2 in particular being kind of the high mark of that low, so to speak. And then obviously as the initiatives that we've already taken again, there's a lot of that banks, right, if you recall had shared about 50% of its already happening. But again, you get the dynamic of it flowing through inventory, so you end up with kind of the second half dynamic in the margin improvement throughout the back half. So the last item was just more of a discretionary tax item, I alluded to that could actually end up with some favorability in Q1, but those are very difficult to predict. So hopefully, that helps some.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Tom. So just some color, over the next three years, the Interventional segment expect to commercialize further 22 to 25 new products in China. And just an example of how we've been successful there in addition to what Tom said about doubling our business, but we recently just got approval or clearance for our Targeted Temperature Management technology in China. And we've actually just got our first two purchase orders this month from that, at margins that are creative to BDI, to BDX, and the sustained, and I would say prolific growth of our business in China. We expect to continue over the next period of time.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes, no, Josh, I would just add that yes, it was an impact that was previously discussed. It was smaller relative to the main drivers that I framed as it relates to the progression from 2019 to 2021. And we always are doing continuous cost improvement initiatives that offset some of these things that happen. As Tom noted, China is well-positioned and we're thinking of that market more holistically. There is strong double-digit growth in 2021, actually at over 20%. And so when you think of it from a total portfolio standpoint, we feel real -- nicely positioned as it relates to both a growth profile, and then have nice actually margin enhancement as a result of that as we go-forward. So thanks Josh.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes, thanks -- thanks Matt. Appreciate the question. Look, I think, it really starts with our focus on growth. I think a strong base growth profile that we guided on, coupled with if you look at the cash flow that we shared through 2021, that gives us a lot of flexibility on tuck-in M&A, right. So we have strong organic growth profile, the enhancement we're making to our R&D portfolio. And then that coupled with the tuck-in M&A capability that we will now be able to have on an ongoing basis. Tom earlier talked about the acceleration of deals that we've done recently, those alone can contribute about 40 basis points to growth. So one, I think, there is just a very strong growth profile there. Two, is just the disciplined focus on margin improvement. We knew that was something to focus on in addition to the cash management approach we've taken over time, that's enhanced growth. And so those are the two main drivers. As a matter of fact, we're actually cycling over a headwind on tax. That's been offset by some of the capital deployment we've been able to put at work with share repurchases. So you'll see us be more disciplined there with other value creating levers too due to the strong cash flow that we have.
