Christopher Reidy: Sure, David. Thanks for the question. And I would say, first of all, it is early in the year, obviously. So we are raising - but some of the factors that you mentioned we do see playing out in the remainder of the year. So we had a few things going on. Obviously, we mentioned that Veritor, we would expect that revenue to come down in the remainder of the year and moderate, as we talked about. We also had timing in the base business that we would expect to moderate. And to your point, we do expect the investment spending both in the Veritor reinvestment program that we have discussed as well as R&D and quality to ramp. So we started those programs in Q1. We watch that spending with some prudence as we looked at the pandemic playing out. And so we got started, but the ramp really comes in the second, third and fourth quarter. And so when you put all of that into context, you also have to take into consideration a little bit of impact from the resurgence that we saw that we mentioned we have playing out in Q2. So with all of those factors coming into play, we felt that it was prudent to think about the guidance that we gave as appropriate at this point.
Christopher Reidy: So yes, obviously, we are not going to go through 2022 with any level of precision, but I think it is important to give some high-level comments on it. And as Tom mentioned, the level of COVID testing is a variable that will have a big impact on 2022. We do see the sustainability of testing, but at what level, it is really hard to guess at this point. In addition, there is a lot of other uncertainty around COVID in general, the resurgences, mutations, the uptake of the vaccines. And in our business, obviously, Alaris and when that comes back in 2022 will have an impact. I would remind you that on our November call we said we expected our revenues, excluding COVID diagnostic testing and the Alaris pump revenues, to grow in mid-single digits on an FX-neutral basis. And we continue to see that as a reasonable assumption. We can’t predict when the FDA clearance for Alaris and our focus on making a comprehensive filing to support a timely approval is there, but we would expect some clearance sometime in fiscal 2022. We would also not look at the second half of 2021 as a proxy of what to expect in 2022 because both the gross and operating margins are impacted by several factors. Our operating margin in fiscal 2021 reflects these incremental investments we are making as part of the investment program of Veritor that really helps drive durable growth aligned with our 2025 strategy. And we don’t expect those investments to continue into 2022, so exiting 2021, they’ll roll off and that should help margins going into 2022. The other thing I would point out is that Q1 fiscal 2022 will obviously be the most difficult comp from a margin perspective, given the very strong quarter we just reported. For example, most likely face the most difficult comparison with COVID revenues as well as from the impact of the timing and stocking that we talked about. So we would expect our operating margin to compress year-over-year from the 31.6% that we just achieved. So we will update you more on our thoughts on 2022 as we progress through the year, but we just thought it is important to provide some of those highlights.
Christopher Reidy: Yes. I think one way to think about that is what I mentioned about 2022 is that we expect the base business to be ramping at a mid-single digits. So that is consistent with that. So I think that we feel the underlying business is solidly in that kind of perspective and as we talked about the base business, we expect to be kind of in that low to mid-single-digit level for the full year. And so there is some pressures in the second half of the year on a business-by-business basis. As you think about MMS, there will be some issues. It is going to be lumpy in the remaining quarters. MMS had a significant amount of revenue in the third quarter during the pandemic last year. Other parts of the business will ramp nicely. China, for example, as we lap the COVID impact that really was in Q2 there in China, so we will start seeing some revenue growth from that. But again, that is more of a compare. It is not an indication of the underlying business. But the underlying business really is in that low to mid-single-digit basis. We have some general issues with compared to the - based on the Alaris ship hold. Some of that has been negated by medical necessity. So there is a number of factors going on. But the bottom line of it all is think about the base business, for the remainder of this year in that low to mid-single-digits and exiting into 2022 in the mid-single-digit basis.
Christopher Reidy: Sure. Absolutely. And I would just say a few things first. We were very proud of the fact that we really focused on cash during the pandemic. And if you look back, in fact, at the third quarter of last year, our cash flow actually increased year-over-year despite the fact that the revenues were suppressed from COVID. And that was the result of a number of actions that we took in the business around inventories, receivables, payables. And so we are very proud of that. We are really focused on cash. As we mentioned at your conference last month, Robbie, we paid down $265 million of debt. That kind of gets us down to the target. So we see the leverage ratio floating down naturally without the need to pay down debt, which really says that the $5 billion-ish that we have paid down debt over the last couple of years, that strong cash flow that we are generating will be available to allocate to other value enhancements. So we have talked about primarily the tuck-in M&A and share repurchase. And as we get through this pandemic and as that safety net of cash that we have had to ride out the pandemic isn’t as necessary, we will have the ability towards the end of this year. And you have seen our tuck-in M&A ramping up, the pipeline is good. We continue to look at a number of opportunities. And by the end of this year, I think we will be also talking about giving that cash back to shareholders. Because once we get through this period, we don’t see the need to build up cash on the balance sheet. And so we would be returning that to shareholders after a certain amount of tuck-in M&As. So this puts us in a very good position. We have got great cash flow generation and better than ever, and that puts us in a great position to allocate that appropriately.
Christopher Reidy: I think that recognition also came from Moody’s. We felt really good about the fact that they upgraded us to investment grade. In fact, not only did they upgrade us, but they kept the positive outlook, which we really appreciated as well. And so that puts us full investment grade across all three rating agencies, and we fully intend to stay that way Kristen Stewart Thanks for the question. Operator.
Christopher Reidy: Sure. On margins, Vijay, Q1 margins were obviously very, very strong. And that was a function of a very, very strong. And that was a function of a number of things. First, the COVID testing, obviously. But the base business was very, very strong as well. And we drove some synergy and continuous improvement kind of margin improvements as well. So all things were positive in Q1. As we think about the rest of the year, you would year, you would expect that COVID testing to moderate as you model expect that COVID testing to moderate as you model that out, obviously. And then don’t forget you also have the unwind of the timing that we saw of the $100 million in Q1. That unwinds in the remainder of the year. But the most important thing is the ramping of investments that we have discussed. So we are investing in R&D. We are investing in quality. We are investing in the Veritor reinvestment program. And all of those things kind of ramp in Q2, Q3 and Q4. And so don’t think about that as an indication of our pre-pandemic margins. It is just completely different. And then those investments go away into 2022. The beauty of it is they begin to drive improvements in growth, in revenue generation, in margin expansion, and those things will kick in towards the latter half of FY 2022. So you get the pickup in margins by them going away and then the benefit of those investments in driving revenue growth and margin improvement going forward. So you can’t look at that as - those are different than pre-pandemic margins. So that is the way to think benefit of those investments in driving revenue benefit of those investments in driving revenue about 2021 as it plays out.
Thomas Polen: Dave, this is Tom. Thanks for the comment. Just to reiterate what Chris mentioned, that other topic is that we still are in the middle of a pandemic. We want to be prudent, right. We did see some increases on impacts in procedure volumes in this late December and throughout January. It was certainly less than what we had seen earlier in the pandemic. But there are new strains underway, et cetera. And when we gave guidance at the beginning of the year, we said it excluded, right, the impact of a resurgence. Well, there has been a resurgence. And we have been navigating that very well and actually are raising our outlook in the middle of a resurgence. So we will continue to evaluate as things go forward, but we are certainly pleased with how we started the year.
Thomas Polen: Yes, I will start on that, and then I will turn it to Chris as well to share some comments. Let me maybe focus on specifically COVID testing, and then Chris can make some broader comments on the broader business. And we have shared, by the way, in the past, we still remain very confident and expect our revenues, excluding COVID diagnostic testing, and Alaris pump revenues to grow in those mid-single digits on an FX-neutral basis for 2022, and that remains our aim and our expectation. In terms of COVID testing as we go into 2022, certainly, as I had shared before, as we got into COVID rapid testing in last July, obviously, we didn’t have a high expectation that there would be much testing in 2022. And as kind of each quarter has passed since that launch, in July, we have said we are feeling more confident there is going to be some level of testing in FY 2022 and that certainly remains the case. I think one of the ways to think about, as our capacity has gone up in the space, as we recognize the new strains coming in the market, as antigen testing continues to increase in its receptivity and people understand now the value in increasing ways of getting a test result in 15 minutes, you saw us take some actions this quarter to get pricing in that low to mid-teen level, which we think will be more - actually position us well to, as I said, to maintain a leadership position for whatever market continues to evolve going into FY 2022, right. That is part of the thinking. Where the actual market ends up in 2022? I don’t know at this point in time. I think there definitely should be some level of testing. And our aim is to make sure that we are positioned to be a leader in however that testing evolves. And other things that we are investing in as well, be it our combination assay, which is progressing well in our pipeline, the flu COVID assay for our exploration of home testing are all aimed with that thought in mind as well. So maybe, Chris, just maybe some broader comments on FY 2022.
Thomas Polen: Yes. And as you mentioned, Dave, we feel really good about the progress of our strategy overall and the underlying business momentum that we continue to build upon.
Thomas Polen: And we continue, just as Chris mentioned, these are all programs with momentum. We have a cash committee that meets basically every week, and we continue to have teams dedicated to that work. So I appreciate the recognition there, Robbie, an d we are going to continue that work.
Thomas Polen: Hey Vijay, a nice approach with the two part one question. So on the revenue side on Veritor, so I think the key thing to talk about there is the pricing comment that I made is one big piece that drives that, right. We said we were above 20% in the last quarter. And as we think about looking forward, we talked about modeling low to mid-teens. So that is the number one adjustment there. And again, that is not new news at all the fact that we have been talking about that we expect pricing to head in that level as our capacity comes online and we are in a better cost position, et cetera. And as more capacity is coming into the marketplace, and so we have taken actions as planned. And that is why we gave guidance. It said expect the revenues to be highly weighted to the first half of the year, and we have said that from day one. I think there remains uncertainty around the effectiveness and timing of the vaccines, especially with additional variants that are out there, et cetera. But we can’t predict what is going to happen there on the second half of the year. And so we remain projecting that there will be very strong demand for antigen testing in the first half of the year and that the second half of the year is less certain. Obviously, if demand stays very high and depending on the dynamics with capacity and demand and how those curves cross over, maybe there could be an opportunity in the back half of the year, but it is way too early for us to think about that as - because it is far from certain or able to be confirmed. So our aim is to position ourselves to be a leader in the space however it ends up evolving. And as we go forward, there will be more clarity there, but certainly a very dynamic environment. Maybe, Chris, on part two.
Thomas Polen: Sure. And thanks, Bob, and good to connect. So as I mentioned, we remain on-track for the submission in late fiscal Q2 or early Q3. And we are not waiting on anything specific from the FDA. These are very comprehensive submissions, right, think 1,000 plus page filings that take time to prepare and have a lot of comprehensive data in them. And so, we have always said from the start, our focus isn’t in rushing into a submission, but it is around ensuring a comprehensive submission that is going to achieve our ultimate goal, which is a timely FDA review an d clearance. And so that remains our focus from that perspective. Obviously, Q2, Q3 is coming up upon us here. The teams are making great progress, and we continue to iterate that time line. We will continue, as we have in the past, as we get to those dates, we will provide updates at public conferences or as appropriate.
Thomas Polen: Correct. You can expect that, once we are still putting submit, we will communicate that in appropriate form, but we are preparing to submit in the time line that I mentioned.
Thomas Polen: Okay. Thanks for your question. Obviously, our number one focus is on durable mid-single-digit revenue growth, and that is our aim here. And so we really see - we often refer to it inside as inorganic innovation. We look at our pipeline. We look at the market spaces that we participate in. I walked through three of our three key areas of innovation focus earlier in the call, and we evaluate constantly what products and initiatives we can fund organically and drive in-house to advance that strategy and create shareholder value and value for patients and providers. And we also are constantly looking at the external landscape as well to see what may be out there that could get to market sooner than we could or maybe has some great talent that create some really exciting innovations outside of BD that we can bring in-house. And so we are going to continue to do that, but it is all in line with, I would say, a more holistic approach to driving that durable mid-single-digit revenue growth profile that people really have come to appreciate form BD. Thanks for the question.
Thomas Polen: Sure, Brian, and good to connect, as always. So the capacity is, as we have communicated in the past, right, that we are at going to 12 million tests in March is what we communicated on our last earnings call. And we are on-track for that. And we are also on-track for the MAX capacity expansion that we had described before. I don’t think it is a fair thing to say that we continue to sell all of that capacity as we look forward. That is not known to us, particularly in the back half of the year. But we are positioned. This is a global pandemic that is going on in the world. As we think about opening up businesses and schools and other things, people are going to look at what different types of testing technology they can use, and our aim is to make sure that things are available to health care systems as needed. So we are doing that. And we have also shared, right, we are actually depreciating those assets within the year. So that as things unfold in 2022 and 2023, those assets won’t be burdened on our P&L because we are able to fund that within the profits that are generated within this fiscal year. So that is our approach. Nothing more than that. At this point, we probably don’t want to comment more on the home space other than to mention that we are actively exploring that, has been our practice as we advance our work in that and the combination assays that we have shared that are in development. We will really end up sharing more about those as we actually gain EUA and head towards launch if those occur. So I think that is it. Maybe we do have Dave Hickey on the phone. I can pause. And Dave, I don’t know if there is any other comments to add from you.
Thomas Polen: Yes. And those markets still are not well defined today, as you know, Brian. So thanks for the question.
Thomas Polen: Thanks, Larry, and great question. Let me maybe make a short comment here, and then we have Simon Campion on the phone, and we will turn it over to him, who is deeply versed in this. So first off, just as a reminder, we have nothing in our forward-looking plan for BTK approval, right. It is not in our 2021 plan. It is in no forward-looking outlook that we have as we think about how we model things within the company. Today, Lutonix revenues are less than 1% of our overall BD revenue. And this indication, specifically, again, is not included in our forecast. As we go into the panel, and Simon will share more detail on this, the one thing that we have is we know this is a highly underserved market, and we know that our clinical trial data shows very strongly that it is safe, that Lutonix is safe in this patient population. I think it is the first product that is gone through a trial in the U.S. that has the ability to do that. Now the question is, are the clinical outcomes that were shown in our trial sufficient enough for it to be warranted for an approval. And so Simon, let me turn it over to you to talk a little bit more about that.
Thomas Polen: Truly. Yes. Good and fair question. So let me start with just over all R&D effectiveness, and I can give a little bit of color on the types of initiatives that we are investing in here and also how we think about our overall innovation system. So as you know, John DeFord joined us as our Chief Technology Officer about three years ago. And really, under his leadership, there is been tremendous progress within the organization and with the segment teams, the business teams in advancing our ability to drive innovation. Actually, over that time period, we have gone from kind of the midpoint of not being where we wanted in terms of on-time milestone delivery or on-time launches to being as we benchmark ourselves to being in the top quartile within the industry of hitting our milestones and, most importantly, hitting our launches, right. Our launches are now about 80 plus percent of our launches are on time, which is up very notably over the last three years, up over 30 percentage points or around 30 percentage points, in fact. So we see the progress being made. And that is the result of a lot of system improvements, new capabilities brought in, taking some of the best practices actually from Bard and the acquisition and applying those across the company. So that is something we are going to continue to build upon. As we think about the innovations that we are investing in, as we look at those, there is a few, as I think about them, kind of new to world innovations that are in our pipeline. I mean, one is some of the ones we have already talked about, right, non-COVID menu expansion on Veritor and MAX to capitalize on our expanded footprint. We have a strong track record of developing new assays on MAX and Veritor, right. It is just examples of that. Other initiatives are accelerating programs that we already had in our pipeline and allowing them to come to market a year or two earlier than we originally projected. That is an area of investment that we are making, and there are a number of areas in each of the segments which we are accelerating new products into the pipeline, but they are all very much in line with our strategy and areas that we are confident that we have internal capabilities in. Of course, what we are also doing that is complementing that is that tuck-in M&A strategy that I mentioned before. And we do think about often, and we will have those discussions internally, if technologies are better developed in-house or that we should be going outside because we don’t have those capabilities in-house. And we will either look at do they exist today in someone else’s pipeline and is that an opportunity for tuck-in M&A? Or do we need to be doing collaborations with outside groups. There is many R&D programs that we have today, I think probably a record level of R&D programs where we have external partnership s in place. Actually, the BD COR would be one that I mentioned before. We have very strong external partnerships with the robotics because that is a very advanced automation system. And so we brought in robotic experts that helped us with that launch, and it is going really well in Europe. And we will bring it to the U.S. here, but that is one that we probably wouldn’t have been able to develop in the same way if we had tried to do it on our own, but we are seeing successes with that approach, and we are seeing it in many other areas as well. So that is kind of maybe just a little bit of color, Larry, in how we think about it overall. But with that progress that we have made and the way that we have thought through making these investments and how we also think about where it is smarter for us to do tuck-in M&A, we are confident in those investments.
Thomas Polen: Yes. Good question, Matt. So yes, you are right. It is a combination of - we have always said that we believe the pricing would head in this direction. Our capacity is increasing, and we want to be proactive in maintaining that leadership position. But there is additional capacity coming in the industry now as well, too. And there will be further capacity coming in. We are not the only company who is adding in capacity. And so we think about that holistically and where pricing as a result of that is going today and where we best position our products to remain a leader in that, and that is how we develop it, and we spend a lot of time thinking those things through as to when and how we optimize our pricing, again, to also serve what is a continued evolving customer base as more nontraditional areas of health care wanting to do antigen testing and making sure that it is appropriately priced to enable the broadest access to the product while we are still in the middle of a pandemic. And so we have gotten very positive receptivity so the pricing. We have already started to roll that out a couple of weeks ago last month. And so good question. Thank you, Matt.
Thomas Polen: Good question, Josh. And that is certainly something that our teams are all over. Let me turn it over to Dave Hicky, who we have got on the line, the President of our Life Science segment.
Thomas Polen: Okay. Well, thank you, and thanks, obviously, to everyone for your questions. Just before we sign off, I would be remiss if I did not thank BD’s 70,000 associates around the globe who every day rally around our purpose of advancing the world of health. Your efforts and achievements this quarter were noticed. You continue to work tirelessly to make sure that our needed products reach the frontline to combat this pandemic while executing on our strategic agenda. I’m proud of how we have started our fiscal 2021, and I’m looking forward to continuing to deliver on our goals of developing innovative devices and making meaningful health impacts to people around the world. On behalf of the entire executive team, thank you for your efforts and sacrifices. Onward we go together. And like you, I’m proud to be BD. Thank you for listening today, and we look forward to connecting at in future investor meetings with everyone who is joined the call. And until then, I hope everyone stays safe and healthy. Thank you.
