Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Vijay. Thanks to everyone for joining the call. Maybe a couple of macro comments. One, I just think this represents another quarter of strong execution, consistent with what we shared overall. When you think of our kind of forward-looking view from our updated guidance, I think, a few key things, not that we highlighted and then I'll address your question maybe with where we see some pockets of strength. But one, we did increase to your point, 50 basis points of growth on our base business. That strength is pretty broad-based when you think of it. I'll come back to that. And that's despite the fact that you had the restrictions and impacts in China as well. So we more than absorbed that. We also absorbed the COVID-only testing revenue, which given the testing dynamics in the marketplace are not surprisingly down when you think of COVID only relative to our position in the market. That's a higher-margin offering, and we absorbed that as well. I think importantly, we continue to execute against our margin, and we committed to our – at least 100 basis points of margin improvement and then we incorporated FX. Yes, and to your point, when we're entering the year, I mean, one, Q1 is still under-indexed relative to our full year guide. Right? So that still holds together. We know there was about 100 basis points of headwind associated with the licensing revenue impact in our Life Sciences business that you saw in our results. We had estimated there is maybe about another 100 basis points of other dynamics, comp-related issues, mostly attributed to COVID. We also had some difficult comps in the quarter in certain areas like pharma systems, for example, grew 18%, Q1 last year, and we still delivered north of 10% growth in this quarter. So, I think that continues to be a source of strength for us. I think the flu season, there is probably a timing dynamic there. It peaked a bit earlier than we thought and was a higher spike. As we go through this call, Dave can certainly amplify that, but it's played out like it's played out in other areas with a quick season that's going to abate. So I think you have a timing dynamic there as well. So there is various items such as that. But largely speaking, I think, things are very consistent. We feel really good about the first quarter of the year, and it gave us confidence to increase our guidance.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes, real quick on gross margin, we didn't give specific guidance on gross margin, we more – just to give you kind of an anchor how to expect Q2 to play out. We said it would be in line roughly with how we ended our full year fiscal year 2022, which when you think of the inflationary environment we're in, in the first half of the year, right, we talked about peak inflation rolling through in Q1 and Q2. We had a 350 basis point impact of inflationary pressure in Q1. And so, a Q2 margin similar to how we exited the year is what we're thinking. We did not specifically highlight gross margin.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. No problem. Thanks, Matt. I appreciate the question. Yes, things are pretty consistent with what we shared when we started the year, and it seems to be playing out as such. Some of the key factors to contemplate. First of all, we talked about that from a full year standpoint, inflationary headwinds being another 200-plus basis points. This is on the back of two other years with last year also being over 200 basis points. So, we’ve been navigating an extremely challenging macro environment, right, when you think of that on a cumulative basis. What we did say around the inflationary pressures, it would be significantly weighted towards the first half of the year will be highlighted in Q1 that you saw flow through because a lot of this was inventory that was built last year that sold through. 350 basis points of outsized inflation. That’s on top of, I think, of normal inflation merit increases that everyone takes that would happen in any kind of environment, more of those 3% level. So, you’re really talking about, call it, 400 basis points plus of costs that you have to contend with within your P&L. So then when you think of the mitigation offset to that, so -- by the way, so when you think of our Q1 performance and margin on the back of a 350 basis point inflationary pressure in the quarter, we’re very pleased with how we started the year, because we knew the front half was going to be kind of the more challenging times. As we progress through the back half, there’s a few things that will play out. One, it starts with our internal focus on cost improvement initiatives, simplify, whether it be Project RECODE, driving outsized cost improvement through our plants and other facilities. We’re very focused on portfolio, whether it be driving mix. We took this bold strategic action around portfolio product exits that contributed within the quarter. And so, you don’t do this was one thing. The strong growth rate, of course, gives you natural leverage. And then as we go through the back half of the year, while we’ll still be in an elevated inflationary environment, the cost of materials will subside. You’re seeing some of that subside in certain pockets of raw materials as an example, while other areas, like labor is continuing to persist. But you should see it trend down from that 350 basis points to get to our average of over 200 basis points that we talked about. So then when you think of kind of the dynamics within the P&L between GP and operating margin and where it will play out, GP, we said would be largely in line to just a slight improvement for the full year. And again, that goes back to the fact that we’re absorbing the significant inflationary pressures. So, you’re doing a lot of work to kind of stay flat to slightly above. And then the majority of it will end up showing up in operating margin as you think of leveraging your cost base there, some cost improvement actions we’re also taking in OpEx, and we also continue to normalize our R&D spend in the second half. If you saw in Q1, and we expected in Q2 to have more outsized R&D above 6%, so the back half will be below 6% to normalize to our 6% rate. So, I think those are the biggest puts and takes as you think of the year, but we’re very pleased again with Q1, how we started and how focused we’ve been on the margin profile.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Larry. There’s a few things that obviously, I would call naturally. Well, kind of like, for example, we had reinvestment of the higher COVID-only margin from the first half and reinvestment was in the back half. That will stop. We talked about timing differences of the R&D spend. I mean, you got a 50 basis point swing just timing there from first half to second half as an example. I had also indicated on the call some of the SSG&A [ph] that we had incurred in Q1, there’s timing elements there. So there’s timing elements in probably R&D, SSG&A. You have the lack of reinvestment that you just stopped at. Those were onetime in nature. The other dynamic that you have in GP that I mentioned is the trend of some abatement while still elevated, but it’s all on a relative basis of the raw material cost in the second half in GP. Short of something significant changing, we have pretty strong line of sight to those dynamics. And then from there, it’s really just continuing the rhythm of our cost improvement initiatives. So, I think to your point, obviously, the macro environment has been fluctuating. So, we keep monitoring that. But I think given where we are, we feel pretty confident and we’re certainly well on track to deliver the, at least 100 basis points of improvement for the year.
Chris DelOrefice: Well, just the way you started your question, Robbie. So if you think of us absorbing the COVID-only and increasing our base revenue guidance by the 50 basis points, it wasn't like a swap out into combination testing. It was actually broadly based across the business. As Dave mentioned earlier, we still see the combo part of our portfolio at that 1.5 times, and we'll continue to watch how it plays out. There was a little bit of strength there, but it wasn't outsized relative to the other areas we also had stressed.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. I think that – I mean, there's other puts and takes within there. But generally speaking, yes, that's how we see the year playing out.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. I think just real quick on China. Thanks, Matt, for the questions. So I mean, last year is just an interesting proxy, right? We went through restrictions in our fiscal Q3. Despite that, we navigated. We had an impact in the quarter. We actually still grew in that quarter last year and posted around double-digit growth in fiscal year 2022. This quarter, we saw a modest decline, 1%, and in China specifically, and normally if you think of it as a double-digit growth business. With that said, Q1 last year, was a strong comp for us in China. We had a very strong quarter for various dynamics, including some new products that were introduced, et cetera. So we would say the impact is probably just south of 50 basis points, if you want to think about it, plus or minus in the quarter headwind just to give you some direction. We did highlight we still feel great, as Tom mentioned earlier, with the core strategy with that business, short of like further disruptions occurring this year and these being a more kind of acute. We should see again around double-digit growth for the year is what we had shared. So we did see some trends, recent trends, like we're watching it. So we're watching it closely, but it looks like you're starting to kind of see some turnaround in that market. It's still early. So we'll look at it and we'll update, of course, in Q2. But I think longer term, our strategy and performance in China is really strong.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. I think, COVID, I can let Dave and Tom jump in here too, kind of half accurate, I think, in your depiction. There’s significant market dynamics on call it, COVID-only testing in the marketplace this year. If you think of last year, there was a lot of government intervention and school requirements and businesses. I mean there’s – a lot of that has subsided. So there’s a portion of the reduced testing that’s just market dynamics playing out in terms of total volume, and that’s not just shifting the combination testing.  With that said, we still feel good about our combo assay in having that because we do see that as the assay of choice as folks have are symptomatic going in and want to get tested for flu. So we saw strength in our platform. But as Dave articulated, the flu season did kind of spike early. So we’ll have to kind of continue to watch that as we navigate through Q2. So it certainly wasn’t a one-for-one shift by any means, not even really close to that. 
Tom Polen: Vijay, on the other two questions that you asked, on China specifically, so China declined slightly in the quarter, obviously due to the COVID impact. We did see at the end of this month – last month, January, starting to see some recovery there. So, we're optimistic for the year, we still – as you know, we delivered double-digit growth in China. Last year, we said high singles or near double or about that this year, and that's unchanged. We think we will be able to recover in the back portion of this year. We still have our four-pronged strategy that we have in China we remain very confident in. We've got a very strong team there that's been navigating that challenging environment. Again, they delivered 10% plus growth in 2022, and we expect another strong 2023. And that strategy that focuses on bringing our global pipeline to China continuing to drive China tailored R&D. And you heard us talk about a new launch there in the midline of a product developed in China for China. We continue to move in to expand our market coverage into lower-tier settings, continue to manage through the BOBP where it exists, that's in our run rate. And we continue to strengthen our local presence in China, both our manufacturing presence as well as clinical expertise as we continue to train thousands and thousands of clinicians each year. That formula has worked very well for us in the past, and we continue to double down on that. I think as we think about the combo test, I'll turn that over to Dave to speak a little bit about what we're seeing there.
Tom Polen: Larry, you’re right. We’re at or actually a bit ahead of the deal model there. We couldn’t be more pleased with Parata. And we’ve got Mike here in the room. So let me turn it over to Mike to talk about what the other acquisition is that’s in those numbers and a bit more about Parata.
Tom Polen: I think we – fair to say, Larry, we don’t see any change in the trajectory around the macro factors that are driving demand for that, right? The labor shortages, the need to repurpose pharmacists to do more things in the retail setting, like wellness checks and vaccines and address patients, all of that, right, drives the demand for automation and robotics. And it’s really a great example of our smart connected care strategy, one of the three transformational areas that we’re focused on. It’s a great example of us bringing that to life. So really good momentum in the Medical segment there.
Tom Polen: Typically, yes. Just to add we typically wouldn't raise unless it was a highly unusual situation, trying to predict expectations on a full year basis on flu or a flu combo test just because it can drop off so quickly. And in fact, we are seeing, right, that's happening if you look at the CDC charts, those charts are showing significant drop-off like what happened in Australia. Rapid early peak and then a rapid drop, unclear if there could be second or third peaks in the future, but that's not something we can easily predict. So typically in Q1, we try to be conservative around that – those outlooks in that specific product category. More after Q2, we get a sense of where the full year plays out.
Tom Polen: I think just to add in there, we had seen even versus the first half of January to the back half of January, we started seeing good recovery towards the back half of January as the COVID outbreak began to subside. 
Tom Polen: Great questions, Rick. Thank you. So on the innovation side; obviously, we appreciate the comments there. We’re really pleased with the momentum that we have. And as I’ve said many times, we think we have the most exciting pipeline in the company’s history. If you look at last year in FY 2022, we had 25 new product launches, things like our HealthSight diversion management moving into the operating room or the new Pyxis ES platform or a series of new dyes and the first of their kind in BDB or our core high-throughput platform. Asprex [ph] in the U.S. or PureWick Male are all great examples of products that we launched last year that are going to help drive growth this year.  As we think about – and we highlighted quite a few this quarter as well. As we look ahead, as you know, there’s no – you can’t say for BD, hey, there’s these three or four products that are going to drive our performance and that if they go really well or don’t go as well, that it’s going to change our outlook and our thesis. That’s one of the strengths of BD. We’ve got a lot of singles, a lot of doubles. We’ve got triples here and there. But we’ve got a deep bench. What’s – what I’d point you to is we’ve been systematically moving our portfolio into higher-growth markets and shifting our WAMGR up. We talked a lot about that at JPMorgan this year. We gave updates specifically on our progress versus the WAMGR goals that we set at Analyst Day two years ago, and we’re very much on track to those. We’re really pleased with how our portfolio is progressing.  We’re really pleased with how we’re executing R&D. We’ve shared before we exited FY 2022 with our best performance ever, 87% on-time launches, 84% milestone delivery. That’s up significantly versus where we’ve been in the past, and so we’re pleased with how our R&D team is performing.  We highlighted quite a few of the many exciting launches that we have coming up this year or submissions that we have. Certainly, think about Life Sciences, facts discover is a breakthrough new platform. Any time you’re on the cover of Science Magazine, we’ll consider that an exciting technology, and we’re launching that later this year. A lot of exciting interest from our customers as well as the new dyes that are associated with that to take advantage of the spectral technology and in FACSDiscover. YODA around capillary blood collection, enabling blood collection by non-phlebotomists, non-venepuncture, really highly preferred by patients. 75 out of 100 will prefer or more blood being drawn with that device than a venepuncture. And we see that as starting to enable more routine care in places, like retail. When you look at the majority of clinical decisions being driven by diagnostic data it’s hard for care to move into new settings if you’re not getting that diagnostic data available there. You still got to go into the old system. They have your blood drawn. We’re working to change that. That’s something that we’re going to be excited about as we go forward. In BD Medical, obviously, we’ve got products and pharm systems that we’ve talked about in the past, including Libertas as well as new vaccine delivery solutions that we’ve launched recently in BDI, we’ve talked about quite a few. We highlighted PureWick in the past, PosiFlush in MDS, list goes on again in JPMorgan went through those pretty deeply, and I highlighted a few here on the call today.  I think as we think about tuck-in M&A, we’re going to remain extremely disciplined. I’ve shared in the past, of course, many times, we’re still focused on tuck-in M&A exclusively. We’re very focused on maintaining that strong balance sheet that we have, and we are going to continue to increase the amount of cash that we generate, and we feel really good about how that looks over the next several years.  We have our very focused priorities. We don’t disclose specific market categories that we’re focused on there. But we’ve obviously pointed very specifically to three areas of focus around smart connected care, around technologies that enable the shift to new care settings and around technologies that help us improve chronic disease outcomes in the chronic disease spaces that we’re focused in, like oncology, peripheral vascular disease, et cetera. And so, over the last three years, 90% plus of the M&A dollars that we’ve spent have been focused in those three categories, and we would certainly expect that continue going forward, that level of focus. Thanks for the question.
Tom Polen: I just want to thank everyone for your time today. Great series of questions. Obviously, we’re – we feel really good about the performance as we started this year, and we look forward to providing updates in the future. Thank you. 
Dave Hickey: Thanks, Tom. Hey Vijay, good to hear you. Thanks for the question. Yes, so just on COVID and combo, as I think about both of those. I mean, as you saw in the quarter, we posted COVID-only revenues of $32 million. And as we said on the call, we now expect COVID only for the full year to be between $50 million and $100 million. I think Chris commented right, we are seeing obviously stabilization in the market. We are seeing a decline in testing for COVID only. Actually, as that testing shifts to these combination tests, and actually, for us, in Q1, our performance in that area did actually help offset that COVID-only decline. We had anticipated that that's the way that was going to become the standard of care. I'm actually very proud of the team in terms of the way they sort of anticipated and reacted and built these combination test supplies to support the Q1 performance. And I think if you think about the installed base that we've grown on BD MAX, the fact that we've released these combination assays on both BD MAX, BD Veritor, BD COR actually now in Europe is CE-marked. I think that dynamic, and we can talk about it later, the dynamic of what that looks like for the full year on the respiratory testing obviously continues to play out. But yes, COVID only, we definitely see a decline.
Dave Hickey: So, yes. So, we never really – so, if I think about that, the way – if you think about what we said from a, let's say, a flu season pre-pandemic, we had said that was always in the $75 million to about $100 million range on the antigen testing and so on and so forth. There is obviously a lot of unknowns right now in terms of how the full year is going to play out. Obviously, quarter one, we saw the season start early, if you track those CDC graphs, we saw the season start early, it peaked, and we were able to respond to that. If we were looking at it now and for all the assumptions we have, we would think it will be about 1.5 times, let's say, a normal season. So $75 million to $100 million, we would say 1.5 times. And that's really enabled and driven by the installed base increases that we have and the fact that we have developed to launch these combination sets across those platforms.
Dave Hickey: Yes. Hey Robbie. I mean I think, Tom, you captured well. I think when we did our At Home COVID test; we made a very deliberate decision to pursue a digital strategy. You saw the acquisition that we made of Scanwell. We were very much aligned to the test, treat and trace reporting dynamics. And we intentionally sort of targeted that digital ecosystem with a higher price, higher margin rather than the visually red at-home test. We still think on a go-forward basis, as the sort of, let's say, the sort of the government contracts and things abate, as testing perhaps becomes more regulated At Home, 510(k) environments and so on, a digital ecosystem, again plays into the smart connected care of BD will be important. But I think for us, we just look at it all as we're seeing the softening in the COVID decline. We firmly believe that the standard of care going forward will be these – in an endemic type of approach, these combination tests and we've built a portfolio across BD MAX, BD COR, Veritor and potentially Veritor At-Home across all of these combination portfolios.
Dave Hickey: Yes. And I think the only other things that I would talk about, Matt. Just in terms of the market dynamics, we track things like bed occupancy and so on really closely. And if you look at a lot of the data sort of in our first quarter and sort of beds that were occupied by COVID-only patients was like maximum peak of like 6%, which is way down from sort of north of 22% in sort of prior period. So that COVID-only dynamics is definitely softening.  And I mean I’ll just reinforce what I said earlier on around these combination assays where the unmet need is if somebody presented symptomatically and you want to know, particularly in the respiratory season, do I have COVID, do I have flu, do I have RSV, we think that is going to be the norm on a go-forward basis. And I think we talked earlier on that we have those on MAX outside the U.S., on Veritor.  Two things I would also highlight that is for the combination assay here in the U.S., we are under EUA review with the FDA right now. And actually, just late – or BD MAX, yes. And late last month, we actually did file our EUA for an at-home combination assay. So there are also two EUAs that are under review right now. Who – as I said, right now, the season is extremely quiet. But this is also about us planning and preparing for whatever the respiratory season may be towards the end of this calendar year. 
