Tom Polen: Hey, Vijay, good morning and thanks for the recognition of a strong quarter by the team. Just as we get into Alaris, I just want to take a moment and just reiterate some comments that I made on the prepared remarks, which was to thank our team for the efforts to get it here. This is obviously a tremendous milestone. It’s been our number one priority since we kicked off BD 2025. I also want to thank our customers for sticking with us through this process. On your question – so first, I think it’s important, let’s keep it in perspective, we’re two weeks post clearance, right? And our teams have been heads down reaching out to our customers, getting our service organization trained on the new pump. We’re pleased that we’ve contacted the vast majority of our customers, and the feedback is positive. At this time, I think the number that we’ve shared is the prudent number. We’ve always said it’s going to be a ramp over time and that we will get back to the $400 million we expect, but that will be ramping over time. And at this point, two weeks into the process, we see that number as appropriate. We have done some pre-buys on materials coming into clearance. We’re obviously continuing to do that. But we are scaling up to an unprecedented level as we think about also splitting componentry between people purchasing as well as remediating pumps. So we keep that in mind. That’s a process and as it continues to evolve, we’ll continue to provide updates. I don’t know if there’s any other feedback to that here in the room.
Tom Polen: Hi Larry, great set of questions. So, I’ll start and I’ll turn it over to Mike. So when it comes to remediation and CMN, so first off, the 510(k) fully replaces the CMN process. So the CMN process essentially ended and the 510(k) clearance replaces that program. As we think about moving forward in terms of remediation, of course, our focus is prioritizing existing customers to update or replace existing devices to the cleared version. That’s our number one priority now with clearance, and that’s the focus of our efforts is within our existing customer base. To your point, there is a lot of pent-up demand as people have aged fleets. And that is also one of that among our existing customers, those with older pumps are our top priority to get those upgraded or replaced to the current cleared version. So that’s how we view that. And then as we think about EPS, of course, we’ve been driving a very strong growth profile. And in our BD 2025 strategy and Chris can add in further here. In our BD 2025 strategy, we had included the relaunch of Alaris in that. That was very clear at the time. As we set bold margin goals to reach and later updated those goals and increase them to 25% operating margin by 2025. We’re obviously very much on track to that goal. And as we think about the EPS and the margin impact, which was about 80 bps, if you recall at the time, right, that’s coming back in and will continue to come back in, in line with the strategy that we’ve put out. So maybe we start with Chris, anything to add there on the margin side? Alaris is a good question. And then, Mike, if anything to add on the remediation pent-up demand.
Tom Polen: Maybe just one last one to add on to Mike’s good comment, so it’s great to be back. Obviously, we’re focused on prioritizing our existing customers and replacing existing devices to the cleared version with a big focus on the older systems. But the other big thing that this allows us to do beyond servicing our customers and helping them refresh their fleets and make sure they have the cleared technology, the most modern technology with all the incremental benefits and upgrades that are in this version, which are fantastic is that we can continue now. We have a basis by which to innovate upon. And that’s a big deal, right? We’ve had a great track record of being first in a number of areas in infusion, right? We were the first company with fully integrated system. We still are the only company and will be with one system approach, right? One interface, much easier for clinicians. We led the way with guardrails with interoperability. Now we have the most advanced wireless cybersecurity on the latest pump, the most modern that’s available. And as we think going ahead, we see other innovations that we already have plan to build upon this, which will continue to add value to our customers. And we already have planned a cadence of additional 510(k)s going forward. And that’s a big deal. Of course, we also have and we’re the first company, and they’re the only company who have integrated pumps beyond being stand-alone devices, but making them part of improving the overall medication management ecosystem, right, with Alaris and our software in the pharmacy. And that has been something that customers have significantly valued. It’s one of the reasons that, as Mike mentioned, most Alaris customers have stuck with us over this time because of all the value that I described. We’re going to now be able to continue to add to that and continue to advance our innovation leadership built upon this 510(k). And so our teams are really excited about that and our R&D teams are already on working on what’s next. So thanks for the question, Larry.
Tom Polen: Hey Robbie, this is the last thing. I think if you refer to the prepared comments as well. We did make the comment that we do continue to engage with the FDA on how we intend to execute those remediation plans and the combination of upgrades and replacements and that we will provide more information as we progress. So just to bring you back to those prepared remarks as well. So great question.
Tom Polen: Mike, and maybe just to complement what the good feedback that Mike gave is, we have a nice cadence of innovation in that business that’s supporting those overall trends as well as, of course, the over $1 billion of capacity that we’ve added. And so you’ve got these great kind of the unmet needs and continued demand cycle that’s happening from pharma driven by biologics. We invested ahead of the curve right in the middle of the pandemic, a pretty bold decision to add capacity in that period of time, and you can see that paying off now. And then a series of innovations, not only on our high-pack syringes but also on the self-injection side. These biologics – people are moved. They don’t – it’s moving from sitting in a clinic with IV in your arm or going into a clinician to get injections as these are becoming biologics are addressing chronic disease. The focus is enabling patients to deliver these medications subcutaneously by themselves in the home, not be an infusion or an injection by a clinician. And so our self-injection business is also doing well and has a number of new innovations, wearables, as an example, our Libertas platform. We’re seeing solid demand. Our auto infuser that’s wearable. Our pen, for example, that has quite a number of biosimilar insulins coming to market and a large percentage of those are coming in our pen format. We’re seeing strong demand there in addition to the high pack business. And so all that wraps up what – and supports what Mike said. Thanks for the question.
Tom Polen: Okay. Well, thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining our call and for all of your questions. Before we sign off, I want to again thank our global team of BD associates who continue to execute against our BD 2025 strategy and are making meaningful impacts for our customers and their patients. Particularly, I want to thank our team for their efforts related to the clearance of the updated BD Alaris Infusion System. And for all the work ahead as we move forward in working with our customers, to update, replace existing devices [Technical Difficulty]. We are meeting our commitments and delivering strong, consistent performance with an increased outlook and we look forward to connecting with everyone again in November. And operator with that, we will end today’s call.
Mike Garrison: Thanks, Vijay, for the question. And this is Mike Garrison. And there are no near-term supply chain constraints. We were able to secure componentry. We are scaling up manufacturing, as Tom mentioned, from our current run rate up to what we look to supply the entire market. And that will take a little bit of time. We want to make sure that we train people effectively get all the componentry in place and get the cells working the right way, but there’s no supply chain constraints at this time.
Mike Garrison: The only thing I’d add, Larry, and thanks for the question. As we are cleared to market BD Alaris system in the United States. It feels really, really good. To say that after three and a half years, and we’re also really thankful to our customers that throughout this whole process and through a pandemic and through all the challenges they face, they’ve demonstrated their preference for the Alaris system. And so that is our focus. And a priority, first and foremost, is to take care of them and make sure that improvements that are in the cleared product get to them first. So that’s going to be the focus there. It is – we do have the largest fleet in the field. So the size and breadth sort of extends the time line. It’s just going to take a fair amount of time to get through everything. But we’re looking to do that as expeditiously as possible and scale up manufacturing to sort of meet that need. And then we also noticed during COVID that interoperability was a real benefit where nursing and nursing staff didn’t have to spend as much time manually programming the pumps at the bed side. They were able to utilize the interoperability to interface with the electronic medical record that has some time line from an implementation standpoint, it takes a little bit longer to implement to get those advantages. We think there’s going to be some increased demand for interoperability from the field, and that may sort of extend implementation times a little bit. So that’s another factor to think about as we’re doing this upgrade and replacement.
Mike Garrison: Yes. Thanks for the question, MMS, a couple of things to note. There is a little bit of an easy compare to last year. Last year, if you recall, at this time, there were some COVID shutdowns in China. That had some implications in terms of supply chain delivery. But that was – that’s not the real driver here. The real driver here is pharmacy automation and dispensing and the value proposition that we have around the combination of patient safety and clinician productivity. And those two things are resonating with our customers. And the Parata acquisition, our BD ROWA, both growing double digits and really helping to transform the way healthcare is thinking about the pharmacy and the value that it can provide moving those pharmacists to work at the top of their license instead of counting to five pills at a time into amber bottles day-in, day-out. On the dispensing side, we really changed our approach a few years ago around innovation and started to focus on a cadence of innovation and dispensing making it more connected, making it more focused on controlled substance management, these types of things. And it’s really started to pay off in the marketplace. That’s really resonating. And it’s helping clinicians, especially during labor shortages and nurse shortages and things like that, to better effectively do their jobs in the hospitals. So the dispensing, the organic, I think, for MMS was quite strong, really driven by dispensing. Some other comments there from a capital allocation perspective, I think our flexible models there help for some customers where we can enter into lease agreements and things like that. So that helps for some customers, whereas other customers have the ability and they invest and they partner with us for the long term there.
Mike Garrison: Sure. So the primary drivers around Pharm Systems are the sort of move towards biologics and the innovation that’s coming out of the pharmaceutical industry towards biologics. I think there’s a question earlier around GLP-1 and the use of GLP-1s moving from Type 2 diabetes to treat a broader population for obesity. That’s 1 driver that’s significant, but there’s also a wealth of clinical data coming out around Alzheimer’s treatment, cancer treatments, things like that. And these are biological molecules that are quite sensitive to the primary container closure device that’s used to house them. Our technology is really well suited for those types of molecules. And so if we think about the end-user population, the obesity, mental decline with age, cancer, these are very broad patient populations. And so the same sort of main driver that pharma is using there, we are able to support that. So we think that there is a fair amount of durability into the long-term demand here. I think there are also some factors. There is some COVID reset that we are also tracking very closely in the marketplace. The drugs that were used to treat during COVID that went into prefilled syringes, for example, those are being reset in the marketplace. And so we’re watching that to get a good feel for that. But long term, we feel really good about our position in this place. We also just welcome the new president for that business. So we’re really happy to have her start, and she’s coming up to speed very quickly.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. I think on the margin side, Tom, you covered it well. There was the 80 basis points that we talked about that was historic. Obviously, a lot’s changed since then, including moving into an inflationary environment. And as you’ve seen from our performance, we’ve been taking a lot of actions in our business to drive margin improvement across the board. But that 80 points will certainly come back. It was always part of our 2025 by 2025 [ph] goals. You should really see that more scale as we’re going to be going through kind of think of a ramp period with Alaris. And certainly, even as you think of the front end around margin, right? One, these are dilutive to GP in terms of the BD level, right? So just keep that in mind. And there’s going to be investments that we need to make that are incremental above and beyond the investments that we retain. First of all, you do have some variable items such as shipping, communication materials, marketing, customer service, ramp up, all of that. Additionally, in the short term that there’s going to be added things. What we’re trying to do as we get back. So certainly, it’s going to be a contributor. And I would point to our FY 2024, which is obviously preliminary. We’re looking at all the market factors that are out there and geopolitical dynamics, et cetera, but we wanted to be prudent and provide some perspective on the momentum we have on 2024 and where we’re heading. But you’ll notice we committed to around 10% EPS growth, which includes absorbing the divestiture and the further headwinds in terms of COVID-only revenues dropping. So it actually implies a base earnings growth above 11%. Some of that is, of course, the momentum we have in our base business, the margin Alaris. So, I think collectively, you see us getting to those goals and the Alaris margin is certainly part of that.
Chris DelOrefice: Well, I mean, I think you answered it well. I mean I just – I think what you talked about is there’s the Alaris benefit that gives us a natural glide path to continue to build on momentum we’ve had the past two years, first two years of our BD 2025 strategy. You could see what we put forth in 2024, and we’re talking about base growth of around 6% now, which is I think, an exciting commitment at this juncture. And certainly, it will be a catalyst going forward. And I think beyond to Tom’s point, Alaris in itself, but really capitalizing on the full value proposition of our Medical segment.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Just the remediation process is very multifaceted complex. We’re working with the agency on this. On a case-by-case basis, it needs to match the 510(k), the cleared and so that’s sort of what we’re doing. We’ll be going out, doing walk-throughs at the customers, customers through COVID may have had mixed fleets of different ages of pumps, things like that. So we need to kind of go on a customer-by-customer basis and in some cases, a pump-by-pump basis. So that’s where that stands. We’ve – our commitment is mainly to our – and our priorities for our existing customers that have stuck bias. Something just to go back to the previous question, the run rate at the – in sort of 2018, 2019, that had a fair amount of competitive position gain. So – because our Alaris product was being preferred at that time and we were gaining position in the marketplace. Probably in the near-term here, we’ll be focused on the remediation and the replacement of our existing customers. So that’s something just to think about from a pent-up demand perspective.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. Yes. Regarding margins, to your point, we’ve executed very strong in a very complex environment, right past two years. We’ve had over 400 basis points of outsized inflation despite that. We’ve had nearly 400 basis points of base margin expansion. And so that puts us 70% of the way on track to the 25% goal. So we feel really good about that. If you do sort of the implied kind of math in the next two years, you would need roughly 50 basis points to 75 basis points per year. We don’t want to share specifics at this time as it relates to margin profile. There’s lots to consider within the P&L. It’s obviously early from a guide, but I think what it offers us the way you should think of it is we have a de-risked path to 25% over the next two years. Not only that, it gives us a lot of flexibility to continue to ensure that, to your point, we’re balancing an investment posture against continuing to drive outsized top-line growth while still achieving our margin goals. So those will be the puts and takes that we’ll think about as we move forward. I think the last comment I would make is, we have a strong profile and pipeline of margin improvement initiatives that have already been underway now for years. So these aren’t just numbers that are on a page to get to an outcome. We have detailed plans that get there and detailed plans that are de-risked in a way that we would plan knowing that execution doesn’t always happen or you have other headwinds that may happen and gives us confidence to get to that number, but also some of those efficiency plans can be reinvested back in the business, too. So I think it’s a very good position to be in, and we’ll continue to share more as we get closer to 2024.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. And I’m sorry, just one other comment on margins that you made, because I know you mentioned the Q4 exit being, remember, there are some – which is important as you think of us delivering and our confidence to deliver in Q4. There are some timing dynamics in there, right? The phasing of R&D, we’ve talked about, there’s some phasing in SSG&A. There’s some comp dynamics in there. Those are worth between 150 basis points and 200 basis points. So that’s not a pure exit rate that you should think of that’s hot. The other nice thing is we actually de-risked our Q4 margin versus last guide. It’s – it’s about 75 bps depending on how you look at it relative to our last planning stand. So we feel really good about this year then as I shared before, the momentum beyond.
