Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll begin with a brief overview of BD's performance for the full fiscal year 2011, then I'll spent some time highlighting the guidance for our fiscal year 2012. After that, David will provide a financial review of the total company and segment performance, as well as provide you with key components of our 2012 guidance. I'll spend the balance of our time discussing our performance in emerging markets and the progress we have made in our product pipeline. After that, we'll open the call to questions. As we stated in the press release, we had a solid finish to the fiscal year. Revenue growth was 4.9%, currency-neutral when excluding the difficult comparisons from the pandemic flu, as well as stimulus and supplemental spending in fiscal year 2010. We are pleased with our continued strong growth in safety sales and in emerging markets.  We continue to make progress with our operational excellence programs. This year, we also successfully completed 2 acquisitions, Accuri Cytometers and Carmel Pharma. We are pleased with our progress to date on these acquisitions and we will continue to look for external opportunities that are aligned with BD's capabilities. We continue to invest in R&D and our key product launches remained on track in each of our 3 segments contributed to the company's pipeline progress. We now have the most robust pipeline in the company's history. We continue to make the company more effective, efficient and we will continue to deliver superior and safer healthcare products.  I would like to discuss the things we contemplated when forecasting fiscal year 2012. As our industry remains challenged, we continue to see economic pressures on healthcare utilization in the U.S. and Western Europe. Additionally, we anticipate lower research funding and expect a downward trend on pricing to continue in fiscal year 2012. Despite these macroeconomic challenges, we will increase our investments in high-growth opportunities to ensure the long-term health of the company.  Given the aforementioned factors and our commitment to deliver on our guidance, we have taken a prudent approach to our outlook for next year. We are expanding the range of our revenue growth and expect it to be between 2% to 4% on a currency-neutral basis. We expect EPS growth to be between 4% to 6%. We believe these projections incorporate additional flexibility for unanticipated external conditions. On Slide 5, you will see the guidance for fiscal year '12 on a reported- and currency-neutral basis. This year, our revenue growth was 2.9% currency-neutral. If you exclude the impact of the pandemic flu and stimulus and supplemental sales from fiscal year 2010, revenue growth was 4.9%. EPS growth was 8.1% currency-neutral. As I just mentioned, we are expecting revenue growth to be between 2% and 4% and EPS growth of 6% currency-neutral. David will discuss key components of our P&L for fiscal year 2012 later in his remarks. On Slide 6, I will walk you through our guidance by segment. For the Medical segment, we are anticipating currency-neutral growth of about 1% to 3%. Our outlook reflects nonrecurring items in the Pharmaceutical Systems business that took place in fiscal year 2011. Additionally, we anticipate continued challenging macroeconomic conditions that are adversely impacting end-user demand and causing pricing pressure in developed markets.  In the Diagnostics segment, we anticipate currency-neutral growth of 2% to 4%. Similar to our Medical segment, challenging macroeconomic conditions are continued -- and continued downward pricing trends are impacting the segment, primarily in Preanalytical Systems. However, Diagnostic Systems is benefiting from a series of product launches.  We expect Biosciences currency-neutral growth to be between 4% and 6%. This lower growth rate is due in part to uncertainty in the research funding environment worldwide, which impacts both our Cell Analysis and Discovery Labware units. Additionally, we have taken steps to eliminate products from the Discovery Labware portfolio that were low volume, low margin and low contributors to growth.  And now, I'll turn the call over to David.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Jon, I do think from -- if you look at where we finished the fourth quarter and then look forward, the story is really around what's happening in the U.S. marketplace. And there's a couple of factors that we saw in the fourth quarter that I'll mention. Number one is utilization in the hospital segment and lower acuity. And we saw that also reflected when we step back and look more broadly at the cost trends in the insurance industry where their cost ratios were going down. On the physician office side, we saw less physician visits, and we don't know exactly whether that was seasonal and how much of that will bounce back. We think September was maybe a little bit better. So from an environmental standpoint, our concern on the clinical market side was that we were seeing some weakening, number one. Number two, on the research product side, we're also concerned about funding. And if you look at Biosciences growth in the fourth quarter in the U.S., we saw some lightness there as well. As you move down in the range, clearly, the direction you're going with the environment would have to be worse to go down further in the range, that's true. So the low end of our range would certainly be implying further deterioration in the environment. Now I'd like to point out one other thing, which changes from last year to this year. And David mentioned in his remarks, and that's really Pharm Systems. In Pharm Systems in the U.S. last year benefited from the launch of low-weight molecular heparin and some sampling programs with some biotech drugs. They're not going to repeat in fiscal year '12, and that's cutting the growth rate for Pharm System substantially. So that's kind of the picture. International looks good, the emerging market piece looks good. So yes, if you look at our range, the environmental would have to get worse to get down in the lower end of the range.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. We'll break that out for you. But you're right, the starting point is the raw material costs, which is up about $25 million year-on-year. David's got a break-out that he can walk you through.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And just to further explain, on the software, what we're talking about there is we have always capitalized software in the Biosciences business. We've launched a new software platform to accompany these product launches. And as we do that, we start to amortize the software, so that's not a thing that continues to increase. This is a program you have once every 5 to 7 years, something along those lines, but that is impacting fiscal year '12.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, we do believe that acquisitions will be a part of our strategy just -- as we just did Accuri, just as -- we just did Carmel Pharma. So, you're making a good point there. And as we identify strong targets but maintain discipline, we'll look to do that. At this point in time, having done that analysis, we think $1.5 billion is a prudent use of our capital. So maybe, David, you want to make any other comments on the share buyback.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And Jon (sic) [David], we think our share buyback program gives us the flexibility that if we identify something that we want to go after, we can flex it, if we can flex.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So Jon (sic) [David], it's a great question, and I'm going to ask that we maintain just the rule on one question. But certainly, we'll answer your question. As we approach this -- I'm sorry, David. As we approach this year, we did look at the infrastructures in the developed world versus the developing world, and we made some very tough choices on those infrastructures in the developed world and did redeploy resources from the developed world into the developing world. By the way, that's a process that has been going on before this year. And so the answer to that question is, yes, we're being very disciplined around there. But we also have a whole series of new products. So we have to make sure that in a targeted way, so as we launch these new products that we have the resources in the developed world as well. So it's not just to run the developed world for cash. It's also have to maintain the ability to sell value in the developed world. But there was some significant shifting in resources.
Vincent A. Forlenza: The answer to the second question you asked is yes. And that's why we talked about ReLoCo I then going to ReLoCo II. The savings programs that we have in G&A, we're just at the point where those service centers are up and running, and so we expect benefits from them in the future. And quite frankly, in this environment, we'll look for other opportunities to become more efficient. But those are good platforms to build from. I'll let Bill answer the question around pricing in Medical. Bill Kozy.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So we are assuming flat pension costs. There is a headwind from the discount rate going down, but we're looking at strategies around contribution and some other things to hold the line of pensions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So ReLoCo is on track. It's where we expected it to be. ReLoCo I, from an overall standpoint, I think we accelerated our work on ReLoCo II as to your point, the environment got worse. So we were being proactive. But in the fourth quarter, we saw the increase in raw material costs and that was more than we were expecting. On the pricing side, from an environmental standpoint, the pricing that we have in this plan, there is 2 pieces to it. One is driven by -- and this is really on the device side of the business, kind of the environmental pressures that we've been talking about and describing on the call. In one area on the device side, one particular product line, which less than 4% of the company sales, it was more driven by a competitive situation that was kind of a unique situation with excess capacity in that product line, not at BD but on the part of the competitor, and that was a much more significant event than we were expecting. So I see that as kind of a one-off. So you take half of that pricing impact that we're talking about, that's the kind of one-off event, you need competitive situation, the rest is kind of the environmental impacts. That's how we see it. But ReLoCo is on track. And so we we're redoubling our efforts there. David's going to add something else.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, the way I think you should think about the guidance is we've given you a broader range to start the year. We would expect as we get more clarity on the year that we'll start to narrow that range. That's the way I would look at this. And we're also indicating to you that the first quarter, because of tough comparisons to last year, is going to be a lower quarter. And David walked you through those numbers. So what I expect is going to happen is we're going to narrow this as things go on. As we said that bottom end of the range, the environment would have to deteriorate for us to get down to the bottom end of the range. That's the way I think about it.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So starting with your second question, we're not going to guide over the long term. When the environment is so uncertain, we just don't think that's prudent. And that as things evolve, we'll be changing our outlook. So we're not going to do that on this call. I would encourage you to come to the Analyst Day that we have coming up, and you can see firsthand some of the really interesting products that we're going to be launching. In terms of thinking about the P&L, we are -- it's still our goal to get 50 basis points of leverage across the P&L. And in fact, if you look at what's going on, let me just start on the SSG&A line. What's happening right now is, we are investing more in the sales and marketing area, especially for emerging markets. And it's a significant investment this year. While we're doing that, we have become more and will continue to become more effective on the G&A line. If you go back, I think -- David, the 2008, is it? We've improved about 0.4 percentage point and over 1 percentage point if you take out the impacts of EVEREST. EVEREST is costing us about $68 million this year. EVEREST, from a project expense standpoint, finishes -- we go live in '12, so the project starts to ramp down, we pick up the amortization and we just get a little bit more spending in fiscal '13 on EVEREST. So we start to get that behind us. This has been a big ramp up. The other thing I'd like to point out to you that we've been jumping over, of course, is the pension. We mentioned we're going to make contribution to deal with that this year. So emerging markets, as I was talking about in terms of an investment was $60 million. EVEREST is about $20 million and acquisitions this year, you're going year-on-year, is about $20 million as well. So there's a lot of things in the P&L we're jumping over, including the $25 million on raw materials, with about 60% of that being the resins. And we haven't seen the resins start to move yet even though oil prices have moderated. So we'll see what happens with that. But those are kind of the major elements that we're talking about.
Vincent A. Forlenza: All right. I'll ask David to walk through the gross margin then we'll walk through the investments on the SSG&A lines as well for you.
Vincent A. Forlenza: For the U.S., from a revenue standpoint, we have 0% to 2%; and for international, 4% to 6%. So that's the breakout, with stronger growth in international driven by the emerging markets. And I think Gary has a little more color on the international growth.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. I'm going to ask Bill Kozy to walk you through that. But just to kick it off, there were couple of dynamics. There's a regional dynamic between going from last year to this year in terms of the growth rates in that business, and there is also -- with some shift in the way customers bought. But in terms of the year-on-year growth rate, on a worldwide basis, there were 2 issues that we mentioned, and it's around low molecular weight heparin and some sampling, Bill, maybe you want to give some more color and kind of future outlook for that business.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And so then next week, we're going to be talking to you about a series of new product launches as well and entering into some new space with Pharm Systems. So hopefully, we can have a good dialogue around that next week.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And for safety, we're looking at similar growth in the international markets to what we achieved currency-neutral in 2011. So we're seeing continuation of that positive trend and marginally, higher growth in the U.S., that's driven in large part by the Carmel acquisition.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Let me just repeat the question for everybody. I think what you said--it was hard to understand you, But I think you were asking about by the R&D write-off in the fourth quarter, which was really the Ovarian program.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, the majority of the savings come in the future years. A small amount of it occurs in '12 but not a big piece at all.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So we're not front-loading expenses in the P&L. It was really a question of tougher comps in the first quarter. And I believe, we have strong Pharm System sales in the fourth -- in the first quarter. Last year, the pricing impacts that have hit us during fiscal year '11, most of that occurred in the second half of the year.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, our plan is to accelerate growth. First is, we have been increasing our R&D spending over the last few years. And we've generally increased that faster than revenue growth. And we're going to talk about those programs next week and how we see those programs. The good news here is we're going to be talking about things that are launching in '12 and '13, so it's not everything that's in our pipeline, but the near-term stuff. So we're seeing products that are moving through, both from the organic side and also leveraging some of the acquisition work we did, the HandyLab would be an example, and then turning around and partnering to leverage that acquisition. So the intent, of course, is to increase the organic growth rate of the business. I'm not going to get into guiding specifically at this point in time. On the acquisition side, we've done both technology acquisitions, let me call them small plug-in acquisitions, like Carmel Pharma where we're picking up sales, an operating entity that we can integrate easily, where we have capabilities that play in the operation side. Those sorts of deals that can add to our growth rate, we are going to be looking for in a very disciplined way. So it's both of those things we're looking at to drive incremental growth.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So it's a great question as to what's happening across the industry for the long term. And I think it's very much dependent upon the value that you bring in this new environment. And if you're bringing features that are not highly valued by the marketplace, or don't correspond to this new environment, I think you're going to be on the side that you were talking about, which is the trickle-down side. But, if you go out and you talk to our customer base, our customers will tell you that they have major labor issues, efficiency issues and clinical issues. And if you can do -- come out with new solutions that makes healthcare safer and more effective and takes down their cost structure, and we're doing a lot of health economics work which was really not done in the device industry before, we see ways where there's a win-win for us and for our customer base. And I'll just point to one example, it's a short-run example, but ecoFinity is an example where we're not just selling the product, it's a service that's involved. And if you're the head of administration for a hospital, you've got to manage both your device-spend and you've got to manage your recycling costs. And net-net, with ecoFinity, we can save you money and it's not a pure price issue. So it's going to take more creativity to get there. You're going to have to be more rigorous on the economics piece of your argument, you're going to have to prove it, but we see a lot of opportunities to do that and we see them as expansions of our core business.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So as I mentioned in the beginning of my remarks, we have been increasing our R&D. We're now at about 6% of sales. Over the long run, we may take that up a little bit higher, but it's not a major step increase to do that from where we are as we look at our pipeline. So we have one more question, I believe.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And FX. So let me just sum up here. So as we've been talking about during the course of the call, it's obviously a challenging environment for us and others in the industry. We think we've taken a prudent approach to our forecast, given the environment. We've expanded the range at the beginning of the year. We'll look to tighten that range as we move forward and as we get more clarity. There is a number of one-time items impacting profitability, the step-up in software from the amortization impacting the GP line, the acquisitions and the raw material costs. In spite of all that, we see a lot of good opportunity, reflecting that by our investments in both R&D and especially in emerging markets. We're launching a record number of new products. We're going to talk to you about that and that impact on a go-forward, multiyear basis next week. We look forward to having that conversation.  We are driving our internal efficiency programs. ReLoCo I is on track. We accelerated the work on ReLoCo II, given this tougher environment and we quantified that for you on the call and that looks like that, that is going to be another major cost savings for us. Our G&A programs, as I indicated, we are managing G&A down as a percent of sales and reinvesting in the sales and marketing side to drive growth. So we think all of these programs are a good fundamental, a strong foundation for moving forward and I just like to say we look forward to seeing you next week. Thanks for all of your questions.
David V. Elkins: The main things that are driving the year-over-year is, first and foremost, is that as we look -- as we talked about earlier, software amortization that we have with the launches of the Biosciences. The other big driver there is the raw material costs. We're seeing raw material price increases year-over-year. And it's not just resins, we're seeing that within paper, glass, steel and rubber. And also, the other thing driving margins, as Vince had mentioned, is as you have increased price, all of that price pressure falls through in your gross margin. Lastly, the one other major item is with the 2 acquisitions that we've had, you have integration costs that go through your gross margin line and you also have to step up in your inventories that you got to do as part of your acquisition accounting. So when you put all of those things together, there are some one-off items that are hitting us next year that we don't see as longer term trends. They're causing the margins to be slightly lower next year than what they are this year.
David V. Elkins: I think definitely, we're looking at acquisitions out there as Vince talked about on last call. We're building our capabilities and our business development area, and that's one of the reasons that we got Bill Rhodes going into that area. But also there, we're going to apply the same financial discipline we always provided and went through when we looked at acquisitions. So when we look at our capital structure, we think there's a way to continue to optimize the capital structure given where interest rates are. We think returning the cash to our shareholders is the right thing to do if the acquisitions don't materialize.
David V. Elkins: What I would say is since July, the 2 biggest things that are different is, one, the acquisitions as I talked about, there's the integration costs that are in there that really hit next year, as well as the step-up on the inventories that we're selling. And then as Vince talked about, the raw material costs continued and we're assuming that those price increases within raw materials are going to continue into next year. So those are the 2 biggest things that are causing. We don't see those things continuing beyond next year.
David V. Elkins: Yes, I mean, it's pretty straightforward between Accuri and Carmel all-in. It's about what we said on Accuri is about 1 to 2 basis points of growth to our Biosciences business. And on Carmel, what we communicated is about $50 million is what we're doing this year, and the market overall is growing about 10 basis points. So that gives you an idea of the range of those 2 acquisitions. The majority of our growth still remains organic.
David V. Elkins: I don't think we have -- we don't have that level right here. And we'll be going through that on the Analyst Day.
David V. Elkins: Okay, as we talked about, some of the one-off things. One is that the raw material increase that we're seeing year-over-year, as Vince talked about, that was around $25 million. What I'm talking to is just the gross margin. So we lose about 30 basis points there. The acquisitions that we have caused us to lose about 20 basis points of gross profit margin. And the software amortization's around 20 basis points of gross margin. So those are the major one-off factors that are really impacting us as we go into 2012 from a gross profit margin perspective. As Vince talked about, we have about $100 million worth of investments that we believe is in the best interest of the company long-term health to continue to invest in. We got $60 million that we're investing overall in emerging markets next year that's an increase year-over-year. We also have $20 million increase as we go much towards our SAP implementation in North America. And then as also, we've mentioned earlier, got about $20 million related to our acquisition costs with Carmel as we continue to invest and selling as well as in R&D programs with that. That's also the other factor. And as we talked about on the revenue side of things, price was slightly below 100 basis points this year on the revenue line, and we're anticipating that to be slightly above 100 basis points in fiscal year '12. So those are the major components that's driving that. And as Vince mentioned earlier, that's why we still have confidence in the 50 basis points year-over-year increase in our operating income because of the nature of these items.
David V. Elkins: The base impact is in the first quarter as well because we saw raw materials increase throughout the year but you get the comp, difficult comp in the first quarter.
David V. Elkins: Sure. Absolutely. First, really good question on the share repurchases. Recall we were assuming we're guiding about $600 million in share repurchases. And if we did share repurchases at that level to be internally funded, as we move to $1.5 billion in share repurchases. As I said earlier on the call, the majority of that will be funded through a debt offering. And the interest expense of the difference between those 2, in fiscal year '12, you don't get much accretion when you look at the difference because of the interest costs associated with the offering. So that's the first one. The other is that the guidance on the 10% bottom line EPS growth that we provided in July was currency-neutral. So we lose about 2 percentage points because of currency, how they moved since July to what we're assuming for next year. As Vince talked about as well, you lose about a percentage point because of the pricing--as the pricing deteriorated. We've built that trend continuing and remember that, that started out in the second half of fiscal year '11 and we're assuming that goes through the full year of fiscal year '12. And then just with the utilization, what we saw from a utilization perspective, you lose about 2 to 3 percentage points there, on -- again, as Vince talked about, how we're looking at that and just being prudent. We want to put a forecast out there that we're confident that we can meet. And lastly, building in the acquisitions that we had, that's about a percentage point that we lose because with the -- from EPS perspective, the dilution was about $0.04 in fiscal year '11. It's around $0.08 in fiscal year '12. So when you put those all those components together, that gets you to where we are from the guidance perspective. And we've broadened the range, again as Vince mentioned earlier, just to reflect the uncertainties in a macroeconomic environment. But we're feeling very confident about the guidance that we're providing you today.
William A. Kozy: Sure. The way we're looking at our prices on a geographic basis and the pressure is pretty much coming from Europe and the U.S., not a surprise. Both are equally impacting our overall profitability as we look at each of the individual businesses. The European price pressure is more pervasive across all 3 of the units at this point in time. Most of our price pressure in the U.S. at this stage has come in our Medical Surgical business and you know the traditional product categories you'd expect of Hypodermic and IV Catheter.
William A. Kozy: Sure. I think that you've covered the key points. To put a little more detail on it, there was some significant stocking ordering that took place in fiscal year '11 for the launches, particularly in the U.S. for low molecular weight heparin. Additionally, and as a separate item, there was above-plan sampling for clinical trials with a number of our biotech customers. These are typical purchases that people are looking at sampling of a new drug launch in a pre-filled format. And we had an inordinate number of those. Those were important factors in the ex-pandemic growth of Pharm Systems in FY '11 of a little over 6%. And so that 6% was just a little hotter than what it would've been in a normalized environment, so their projection for next year more in that 3% to 4% range is traditionally in-line with their above-market performance. So there's no other significant items happening there.
William A. Kozy: Yes, this is Bill again. Two factors, and you've already highlighted one of them. We have seen the expansion of tendering on a number of agreements, particularly in Western Europe, and that's been across a number of our businesses. Number two, we've seen a lot of interesting things happening in terms of product mix. Now let me give you a practical example of that. In the Diabetes Care business, you're now seeing more interest in private label products versus what you've traditionally seen in branded syringes. So there is a mixed impact for us, that's another small factor in this. And then in the U.S., you have had the ongoing very traditional GPO bid process. We don't see anything different there. We just saw some timing last year and I'm talking about fiscal year '11, where some of those major device contracts did happen to come up and get reassigned for the next 2 or 3 year period. Those would be the key factors.
Gary M. Cohen: The short answer is yes. We're getting traction. Safety growth has been accelerating in Western Europe. We had a strong finish in the year driven by a much stronger fourth quarter relative to earlier in the year. It's also gained significant traction, pretty much in all of the international markets, with exceptionally strong growth in Latin America, very strong growth in Asia Pacific. In the quarter, we even had strong growth in Safety in Japan, in Canada. So pretty much in all markets, except the U.S., which is now a mature market relative to safety-engineered devices. We were seeing very strong growth. Double-digit or above in all markets. Canada just very slightly below double-digit, and an acceleration in Western Europe. So the trend has been very positive.
Gary M. Cohen: What we're doing is we're really tailoring our offering to the economic situations in the various countries we're operating in. And we're not seeing the pricing pressure that the company is experiencing overall. It tends to be focused in particular areas, and those are not necessarily in the safety-engineered devices.
Gary M. Cohen: Yes. Well, first, your observation and much of the overall growth is coming from emerging markets is correct, not all of it, much of it as it was in 2011 as well. We're expecting slightly higher growth -- somewhat higher growth in '12 in Western Europe, in '12 versus '11. That's largely on the basis of some one-time factors that occurred in '11 that depressed the reported in Western Europe or the FX mutual growth that don't reoccur. So we're looking at low single digits sort of between 0% to 5%, right in the middle of that range. We're looking at good growth, continuing strong growth in Asia Pacific, slightly higher than what we experienced in 2011. We start to see a rebound in growth in Japan coming off of the disasters that they had in 2011 that was evident in the fourth quarter. We're looking at a more than doubling the low single-digit growth rate in Japan. Latin America, strictly strong growth in '11. We're seeing that a little bit lower in '12, but that may have a little bit conservatism in it. We're looking at higher single digits rather than lower double digits in Latin America. The EMEA region, Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa, had very strong growth in '11 in the Middle East. The fourth quarter was light in Africa due to the timing of major international funding for things like HIV/AIDS and childhood immunization. We're looking at mid to slightly higher single-digit growth there. And I think I've covered all markets. Canada has been a good grower despite it having the characteristics of an industrialized market. And we're looking at slightly above mid single-digit growth there.
Tom Polen: I'll take that. This is Tom Polen. So for TriPath, TriPath grew 7.9% for the quarter, which was strong -- on a full year basis, TriPath grew 6.6%, so most -- large portion of that growth is coming from emerging markets we continue to see in the U.S. volume pressure as Pap testing intervals are continuing to be extended as a result of recommendations that were made a few years ago. So relatively flat in the U.S. and strong double-digit performance in most of the rest of the world for TriPath. On GeneOhm, your question, it was relatively light quarter for GeneOhm. We grew 4% in the quarter, 11% for the full year FY '11. We are continuing to see strong double-digit growth for Cdiff. We have seen slowdowns in MRSA due to really 2 major factors, one is, is there were several lost accounts that impacted the quarter; and the other major factor is we're seeing -- we are seeing slower new placements of our SmartCycler product there, as we're seeing customers begin to hold purchase decision. You got to keep in mind MAX MRSA assay launches in less than 90 days in Europe and of course, launches in Q3 in the U.S. So we do see customers anticipating that platform with much excitement, and we're seeing them hold off on their SmartCycler decisions at this point. So we are still making placements, but not the same rate that we were earlier in the year, and we see the sting of bridging period between that SmartCycler product and our launch of MAX.
Tom Polen: STDs, thanks for the reminder, 5.1% for the quarter, 5.7% on the full year basis. No major items in the quarter.
Tom Polen: So BD MAX is, as you know, launched in Q3 of FY '11 as an open system and we're very pleased with early customer demand, which is on track with our expectations. We're getting very positive feedback not only on its high level of automation, flexibility but also how easy it's been for customers to port over their own assays. And at this point, we have a number of customers throughout the world who have ported over their own assays at this point and are running those in their laboratory. Of course, at this point, we have not launched any IVD assays yet on MAX, although those are now coming up in FY '12 with our first product launching as we've communicated in early Q2 in Europe, which is MRSA. And our first IVD product in the U.S. will be GBS, which we expect to launch at the end of Q1, followed by MRSA and Cdiff later on this year. We also have a series of our partner assays which we've shared in our strategy in the past. And we'll be further -- providing further details at the Analyst Meeting next week on, but our first partner assays begin to launch early Q2 in Europe. So as you mentioned, we recognize that there's a number of individuals launching menu in the molecular space. We're now about to enter into a quite intensive phase of menu expansion for MAX and we expect that phase to begin in Q2 of this year. Now we're ramping up with the major launch of MRSA, and then you're going to see assays launching either from us or our partners every quarter for the foreseeable future. And again, we're going to provide a much greater detail on the quarter-by-quarter launch schedule at our Analyst Meeting next week.
Tom Polen: And just to add, there's no impact. That was a pipeline project. There is no impact on revenue now nor in the outlook for Diagnostics.
