Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, David. This is Vince. I'd like to personally thank David for his 4 years of committed service to BD. He's been an outstanding Chief Financial Officer and a terrific partner since he joined BD in 2008, but we respect his decision to pursue the next chapter of his career elsewhere. The board and I are grateful for his contributions, and we wish him all the best in the future. Now with that, I'll turn the call over to Suke.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So thank you, Suke. Moving on to Slide 19, I'd like to highlight our emerging market results. We continue to see strong growth in emerging markets, which accounted for approximately 23.3% of our total revenues in the fourth quarter. Emerging market revenues grew at 13.1%. We continue to see double-digit growth in a number of key markets, with China growing at 23.7% in the quarter, which is in line with our expectations. We're very pleased with safety revenue growth in emerging markets, which was up about 21% over the prior year. We expect to see similar results in emerging markets in fiscal year 2013, as we continue to invest in high-growth areas. We have many exciting opportunities in our pipeline. We have spent the past few quarters discussing our key product launches, and as I mentioned earlier, there were 10 this year. We have highlighted them on slides 20 and 21. Now looking to fiscal year 2013, we have some products that are key to our success going forward. In our Diabetes Care business, the BD Nano has been very successful, and we continue to gain a lot of traction in that space. In our Pharmaceutical Systems business, we are looking forward to our expected closing of SSI by the end of the calendar year. In our Biosciences segment, we have 2 new -- 2 CD4 analyzers that will launch in fiscal year 2014. Moving on to Slide 23. In our Diagnostics segment, we have a number of assays launching on our BD Veritor, BD MAX and Viper platforms. We're also launching our BD Totalys front-end automation system. In addition to these launches, we also expect our KIESTRA platform to ramp up in fiscal 2013. As you've seen over the past few years, our new products as a percent of revenues have increased from 8% in 2011 to 10% in 2012. We expect it to deliver continued improvement in fiscal year 2013 and beyond, as we make progress on our recently-launched and the products we expect to launch in the near term. We look forward to updating you on our pipeline in the weeks and months ahead. Moving on to Slide 24. Before we open the call to questions, I would like to reiterate the key messages from our discussion today. First, we're proud of our solid finish in fiscal year 2012. Despite a challenging macroeconomic environment, we delivered on our financial and operating goals while continuing our ongoing investment in geographic expansion, operating effectiveness, new product platforms and strategic acquisitions. Second, our outlook for fiscal year 2013 is positive, and we are confident we can deliver revenue growth of about 3.5% to 4.5% and EPS growth of 10% to 11%, excluding the medical device tax. Third, we are already seeing sustained revenue growth, operating leverage and improved quality of earnings, as we bring to market our key products and complete our operating effectiveness [ph] programs. Lastly, we are committed to delivering superior value to our shareholders and customers all over the world. Thank you, and we will now open the call to questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So David, we see Southern Europe. We see more pricing pressures there, and we're being conservative to make sure that we have that covered. That's what you're seeing going on here.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So on the divestiture side, I think the portfolio is in good shape, so I don't see any significant issue there, number one. Number two, from an acquisition standpoint, the ones that we have done early on are starting to become accretive, and of course, we have some dilution from the newer ones baked into the guidance that we just gave you. So we're going to be consistent in terms of doing tuck-in acquisitions. And I think you're going to get to a rolling situation where you have some improving, and then you have some newer ones coming on. So I would think about the dilution that way, small amount of dilution but also being offset by improvement in the earlier ones, as we take advantage of the whole business strategy, which is to leverage them and drive them globally. Now in terms of the end markets, I think what we see right now is, as we said, stability in the U.S. market, which means that they're pretty flat. If they're around 1% or so, somewhere in that range, that's pretty good in the U.S. and Europe. And so you're talking low-single-digit growth offset by double-digit growth in emerging markets, with China growing significantly higher than that. And we're still seeing good growth in Latin America. We're going to watch the health care spending in those marketplaces. What we see right now, Kim, is that the Chinese are continuing to spend aggressively even though the GDP growth rate has come down a little bit. But those are the kind of factors we see for the next couple of years.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure, we can, and Suke can walk you through that. The starting point, of course, is the annualization of some of the acquisitions. But Suke, why don't you just break that out.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So basically what we're saying, the midpoint of the guidance is pretty much stable environment, and so that if you start to go below that, we're looking at either an event in Western Europe, and that would probably be Southern Europe or some softening in U.S. So those are the kind of things now that we're looking about. In the U.S., it's probably worsening of the bioscience situation, and we're being obviously conservative there.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So where we have the opportunity for a very quick payback, we are going to fund it. I mean, it's a great question that you bring up, and so that's certainly in line with our thinking. It's not true that all elements of the investment pay back that fast. So in the right geographies, in the right countries, we agree with you.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Tom is not in his submarine, but he is off-site. It was difficult to hear. So we thank him for joining the call. He's also got some good opportunities on the Viper platform as well with the launch of Trich in the fourth quarter and HPV coming out.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And the government is calling for the hospitals to pay. So the situation -- there's a chance that this situation is starting to improve, but we'll follow it closely.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So generally from a gross profit line, they are -- they have a positive impact. Now you have certain product launches, of course, where you have to invest in the launch of the new product on the sales and marketing side, so we're spending against them. And what you're seeing in our expense ratios for this year, the sales and marketing area is the cost to launch those new products as well. As you get scale, of course, you get quite good leverage in these new product areas. So they're all baked into the R&D number, which is about 6% of sales. The uptick you saw in this quarter was really driven by acquisitions and some timing. So you should be thinking about around 6% and then getting gross margin leverage as we get more volume in these areas.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, we haven't guided that on '13, but we -- I would refer you back to what we were saying was the end of '14 that back in November, I mean, the 10% was done on the same number -- I mean, the same accounting. So 18% by the end of fiscal year '14. That's the goal.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. I'm going to ask Bill Kozy to address those. On the emerging markets, we think we have a long runway there with -- kind of from a modeling standpoint, the next few years, using a consistent growth rate with what we're talking about for '13 is a very good starting point. But we think we're early on in that story especially out in Asia. Bill, maybe you want to comment on the safety piece.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So in terms of operating leverage, we expect to continue to get gross margin leverage. And as we finish up ReLoCo I and ReLoCo II, we're going to have more operating effectiveness programs. I don't know if we'll call it ReLoCo III, but that is our mindset, okay, in terms of continuous improvement, and we're already working on those sorts of things in anticipation of finishing up ReLoCo I and ReLoCo II. In the SSG&A area, we're still early on in the implementation of our shared service centers. And then lastly, as we get EVEREST in place across the company, we think that, that is going to enable a lot of these G&A savings programs both from a savings standpoint and an effectiveness standpoint. So we look at all of those things. then, you roll in the new products back to the gross margin in terms of some gross margin leverage going forward. Now in terms of share buybacks, number one, we'll have to see what the -- in terms of cash and cash planning, we'll have to understand what the tax situation is going forward. That's obviously very much up in the air. But both parties have said that from a corporate tax standpoint, they have a lot of work to do. And so we'll have a clear understanding of what the environment is that we're living under hopefully over the next 6 to 12 months. But we also have the possibility of bringing back cash from time to time from higher tax countries, and we've done that historically, and we do expect to do that going forward. So yes, this year is kind of a one-off in terms of funding the buyback via a divestiture, but that's not the way we had planned to do them going forward.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And then you should expect continued net benefits incrementally in '14 as well because we said ReLoCo II hits in '14, a good chunk of that anyway.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So how are we looking at sequestration? Basically, what we're saying is there's going to be uncertainty throughout the year, and so the market is generally going to continue to be paralyzed because they're going to be working on this deal. So we're not assuming a deal and a rapid turnaround.
Vincent A. Forlenza: The R&D spend, you should think about innovations going to continue to be an important part of our strategy. But around 6% or just above 6% is kind of where we're targeted now. I don't see that changing in the short run.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. Well, thank you, all, for participating. We're looking forward to a strong 2013. As I said in my remarks before, we're excited about our opportunities in emerging markets, the new products we're launching and the fact that we're making good progress with our cost-reduction programs. So we look forward to updating you on all of those initiatives as we go forward during the year. Thanks very much.
Suketu Upadhyay: Great. Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 17, I'd like to walk you through our P&L expectations for full fiscal year 2013. As Vince mentioned earlier, the lower end of our guidance range assumes worsening of macroeconomic environment in the U.S. and Western Europe. The upper end of our guidance range for fiscal year 2013 assumes an environment that is similar to what we are seeing today, general stability in the U.S. with continued headwinds in our Biosciences business and in Europe. This also contemplates the expected closing of Safety Syringes, Inc. In summary, we expect revenues to reach about $8 billion with growth of about 2% to 3% as reported or 3.5% to 4.5% currency neutral. This contemplates our Medical and Diagnostic Systems segments growing at about 4% and Biosciences growing about 1%. Earnings per share from continuing operations is expected to grow 4.7% [ph] as reported or about 7% to 8% currency neutral. Excluding the medical device tax, currency neutral EPS growth is expected to be between 10% and 11%. Revenue growth will continue to be driven by emerging markets, new product launches in all 3 of our segments and continued strong growth of safety-engineered devices. Also, we expect the most recent acquisitions of KIESTRA, Sirigen and SSI to contribute approximately 50 basis points of growth to the company in fiscal year 2013. The acquisitions of Accuri and Carmel have annualized and will be included in our base going forward. The growth drivers I just mentioned will be partially offset by the unfavorable impacts of pricing pressure and foreign currency translation. We expect pricing erosion to be broadly in line with fiscal year 2012. We also expect 150 basis points of negative currency translation, which assumes a strengthening dollar against all of our major currency, most specifically driven by euro to dollar exchange rate of $1.27. We expect our gross profit margin to be between 51.5% and 51.7%, which includes about 20 basis points of erosion due to negative currency translations. Underlying gross margin is expected to improve about 40 basis points. Our ReLoCo programs remain on track to deliver the previously-communicated savings. Moving forward, we will guide on the program's overall incremental savings rather than the cumulative net savings. In fiscal year 2013, we expect incremental savings from both programs combined to be approximately $40 million to $50 million. We expect these profitability gains to be partially offset by the impact of pricing, increased pension costs and acquisition-related costs. SSG&A as a percent of sales is expected to be 25.5% and 25.7%. This reflects an incremental $40 million to $50 million related to the medical device tax. Our guidance also reflects continued investment in emerging markets of an incremental $40 million, as well as costs related to new product launches, acquisitions and EVEREST. As a reminder, fiscal year 2013 will be the peak year of spending for our EVEREST project. We also expect increased pension costs as a result of declining interest rate environment. Excluding the 60 basis points impact of the medical device tax, SSG&A will be between 24.9% and 25.1% or growth that is roughly in line with the rate of sales growth. We expect our R&D investments to be in line with fiscal year 2012 between 6.1% to 6.3% [ph] of revenues, as we continue to invest in new products and platforms. As a result of the items I just detailed, operating margin is expected to be between 20% and 20.2% of revenues. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency and the medical device tax, we expect our operating margins to improve by about 50 basis points. This is in line with our expectations and consistent with what we had been communicating to you over the past year. We expect our tax rate to be between 24.3% and 24.5% as we continue to see improvement from geographic mix. Our cash flow will remain strong with operating cash flows expected to be about $1.7 billion in fiscal year 2013. We plan to repurchase about $500 million in shares, which is broadly in line with historical levels. Our expectations for capital expenditures is about $525 million. While we do not guide by quarter, I would like to note that our revenue and EPS results next year will be more positively weighted to the back half of the year. This is primarily due to the expected contributions from new product launching -- launches ramping up in the second half, as well as the impact of timing due to the investments and other costs. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Vince, who will walk you through our results in emerging markets and also provide you with an update on our products portfolio.
Suketu Upadhyay: Sure, David. It's a great observation. You're right. Throughout 2012, we were sort of talking about overcoming the onetime issue that we had with pricing, sort of improving the back half of the year. And '13, you're right. We're staying broadly in line with '12, and that primarily contemplates sort of a challenging macroeconomic environment in Western Europe as well as in other developed economies. So we're just being a little bit prudent with our overall pricing assumption.
Suketu Upadhyay: I would say, Vince, we also continue to invest in emerging markets, and our growth rates in those regions are quite strong, so we feel really good about that. And then, of course, we've done a number of acquisitions over the last few years, which, of course, has added to our cost base, but these acquisitions actually are performing quite well.
Suketu Upadhyay: Sure. So from an EVEREST perspective, we're looking at incremental expenditures of about $10 million, as we plan for our biggest wave going into 2013 and '14. And then for the pension perspective, it's about $10 million year-over-year.
Suketu Upadhyay: Sure. So if you think about 2012 foreign currency neutral growth at a BD level of 4.3%, and as we talked about in the presentation, acquisitions contributed about 100 basis points. It's probably closer to 110 basis points. So if you think of it in that terms, your underlying organic growth is somewhere in the low 3s. Let's call it 3.2%. As we move into 2013, as we said, acquisitions will contribute about 50 basis points. So if you think about sort of the midpoint of our revenue range to the upper end of 4% to 4.5%, again reserving sort of the bottom half for a worsening environment, if you take that 4% or 4.5% and take the 50 basis points off our acquisitions, you get to an underlying organic growth that is accelerating year-over-year.
Suketu Upadhyay: Sure, Vince. Yes, in Italy, we do have a large accounts receivable balance. As Vince said, it's not problematic across the entire country. It's pretty much isolated to a few regions, and while we do see some large outstanding balances there, we're not seeing a significant increase since the prior year. So while it is large, we are seeing some stabilization there.
Suketu Upadhyay: Sure. So that $20 million would have been realized throughout the P&L. Some of it was held in gross margins, as well as SSG&A and R&D as well.
Suketu Upadhyay: Primarily around deferred compensation where we had an uptick in the return on assets there. But as we've said before, you generally see an equal offset in SSG&A.
Suketu Upadhyay: Dave, this is Suke. So as we stated through the presentation, we are on track to deliver what we previously communicated, so the $50 million to $60 million on ReLoCo I at total annualized savings. But as we said, combined both programs, ReLoCo I and II, would be an incremental $40 million to $50 million in 2013. So we did see some benefits, net benefits from ReLoCo I in 2012. We've not sized those. I think the important thing here is the $40 million, $50 million we're talking about in '13.
Suketu Upadhyay: No, I think you characterized it well, Vince. The important thing is, well, we're not guiding on '14. As Vince said, we expect EVEREST to sort of flatten out, so we would not see or expect to see a major tailwind into '14 on that. And then with ReLoCo, again, we're coming out of investment mode on ReLoCo I. We're still in investment mode on ReLoCo II, however, delivering net benefits.
Suketu Upadhyay: So overall, it was a $20 million charge in the fourth quarter. It's really composed of 2 items. About 75% of that was due to a plan, a small plan we have in the U.S It's a spillover plan, which takes into consideration contributions over IRS limits. Since it's such a small plan, it's very sensitive to large lump sum distributions. We did have some of those large distributions in the fourth quarter, which required a remeasurement, and therefore, we had to record again a noncash and what we expect to be a nonrecurring charge. The other, say, 25% of it related to a plant closure in Sweden where we completely settled the -- and closed out the pension liability, so again, a nonrecurring event. So both of these we see as non-core to current and future earnings.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. So it really, Kristen, follows more along the revenue line. We expect about 100 basis points of increased revenue in the second half versus the first half.
Tom Polen: Sure. Kristen, this is Tom. Just around the performance of GeneOhm, so let me just comment on that for the quarter first off. So GeneOhm actually was down for the quarter about 7.9%, driven by, what we shared in the past, related to MRSA competitiveness and pricing pressure. In Q4, we did receive MRSA approval on BD MAX in the U.S., and obviously, we're very focused on driving those new MAX placements. So I think we said before, we are seeing very good early customer demand and excitement around BD MAX, and we do expect though that with that underlying trend that we're now turning around from GeneOhm. We expect that's going to take a few quarters until we see that significant ramp, as MAX solidifies the base and provides additional growth moving forward.
Tom Polen: Okay, yes. Amit, this is Tom. Just following back up. So specifically, let me start off with TriPath and cytology. So in the quarter, cytology business just grew over 2%, which is driven by a tale of 2 worlds. First, x U.S., we're delivering very solid, high double-digit growth, as we continue to upgrade customers from conventional path and we see particularly in emerging countries, as they continue to expand their access to cervical cancer screening. In the U.S., the counter to that, we continue to see path volumes pressure due to extended intervals, and we actually saw a higher-than-typical declining in demand for pap testing overall in the U.S. this past quarter. As we look at the STD business, just kind of switching there, on the Viper business, we are up just a percent this quarter. For the full year, our STDs are up 3%, and that's a few points higher volume that we are gaining over the 3% offset partially by pricing pressures in that marketplace. As Vince mentioned in the second half of FY '13, as he stated, we will be launching the Viper LT platform in the U.S. and in Europe starting with GC/CT on a global basis and HPV x U.S. So we expect that to help further accelerate the STD business.
Tom Polen: Yes. So, Brian, this is Tom. As you look at cervical cancer screening x U.S. so if you just take the number of women who are eligible for cervical cancer screening, 90% are not screened today. So if you look at the 10% who are screened outside of the U.S. of eligible women, about 1/3 of them are screened using LBC, and 2/3 are screened using conventional pap. So if you just do the math there and if you start getting up towards developed market screening rates, there's quite a long ways to go just in terms of expanding access for women, as well as opportunity to continue to convert conventional to LBC. As Vince mentioned, I'm calling in from outside the office. I'm in Tokyo right now. And I think here in Japan is a great example that it is an x U.S. market but a very developed market but one in which only 25% of women in Japan have ever had a routine cervical cancer screen. So even in markets like this, there's still significant growth, as the governments are continuing to expand screening programs. And we see that not only in more developed markets like Japan, but certainly, in markets like China and India, throughout Latin America. And so we see certainly for the next several years that x U.S. growth around cervical cancer screening to be a continuing trend. Obviously, we'll be supplementing that.
Tom Polen: I was just going to say of course we'll be supplementing that with the algorithm that the country chooses, as we launch our HPV genotyping assay in the second half of FY '13.
Tom Polen: No, not significantly [ph] . We highlighted last quarter, the Totalys being one quarter delayed, but all other assays and programs remain on track.
Tom Polen: Yes, this is Tom. Just I would say fairly stable within that MRSA space and in the STD space where we have seen them not deteriorating further but stable.
