Vince Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. At BD, our strategy is driven by our purpose advancing the world of health. We are confident that our strategy is working, our core remains strong and we continue to invest in innovation to deliver even more impactful comprehensive solutions for our customers. Turning to Slide 5 and our second quarter highlights. Our performance in the second quarter was broadly in line with our previously communicated expectations. Strong performance in our core combined with our continued focus on driving operational efficiencies and Bard cost synergies drove revenue growth the 3.4% and earnings per share value -- their earnings per share in line with our guidance range for the second quarter. Our results through the first half are right where we expected them to be. As we've been discussing with you, we plan for revenue growth in the second quarter to be below our full year guidance range. This was driven by our expectations for strong underlying core business growth, partially offset by a tough flu comparison and timing within the year in pharmaceutical systems. There were two additional items that impacted our growth this quarter, the market reaction to the FDA letter regarding DCBs and timing in the medication delivery solutions business in the U.S. When we factor in these items, underlying revenue growth was in line with our expectations year-to-date. In addition, we remain pleased with the integration of Bard. We are on track for our costs and revenue synergy capture targets, and we have gained momentum on the investments that we made last year. In addition, notable progress has been made on IT systems integration and in planning for supply chain initiatives. We are reaffirming our full fiscal year 2019 currency neutral revenue guidance despite near-term pressure to our DCB business. Our updated EPS guidance reflects strong underlying performance, partially offset by the headwind to our DCB business as well as additional foreign currency pressure due to broad strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Looking forward to the remainder of fiscal year 2019. We have confidence in our planned back half acceleration. There are a number of growth drivers across our segments, which we will review later in the presentation in addition to easing comparisons. I'll now turn things over to Chris for more detailed discussion of our second quarter fiscal performance and our fiscal year 2019 guidance.
Vince Forlenza: Thank you, Chris. Turning to Slide 19 and our planned product launches by segment. As you can see, by this slide, we continue to have a rich pipeline. There are a number of things we continue to be excited about. I'll touch on just a few of the recent launches here starting with the BD Medical segment. We are excited about the consistent cadence of innovation within BD Medical and are seeing strong uptake from recent launches. Notably, adoption of our new Alaris M2 pump is aiding the strong growth and infusion. Also, the recent additions of our health side platform have continued to gain great interest and positive feedback from customers. Another good example is in our Diabetes Care business, where we are seeing good uptake of our new best-in-class pen needle Nano Pro. Within BD -- within MDS, we also launched two new products during the second quarter that strengthen our vascular access product family, the PowerGlide Cue and BD Provena PICC. Regarding the Type 2 insulin Patch Pump, we recently received feedback from the FDA in our 510(k) submission. We're in the process of evaluating and responding to the agency's feedback, which was more comprehensive than we expected. Given the FDA's comments, we are considering a variety of options and strategies, but do expect a launch delay. We plan to provide you with an update on our August conference call. In the BD Life Sciences segment, we recently launched the BD FACSDuet, a new automated flow cytometry sample preparation instrument with CVD IVD certification. The BD FACSDuet system raises the bar on flow cytometry automation, offering a fully integrated sample to answer dilution with a BD FACSLyric clinical flow cytometry. This is a new fully automated sample preparation instrument enables clinical laboratories to improve their efficiency by reducing errors and limiting the manual user interactions required to run assays under BD FACSLyric. We also started shipping the new 12-color FACSLyric further enhancing the capabilities of this platform. In the BD Interventional segment, we received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for the BD WavelinQ 4 French Endovascular AV Fistula System. We're excited to add the 4F system to our portfolio of technologies that create, restore and/or maintain AV access for patients on hemodialysis. With its slim profile, the 4F system increases the fistula location options by enabling risk access points to be created. This provides increased procedural flexibility for clinicians, while reducing the risk of scarring or arm disfigurement for patients compared to open surgical AV Fistula creation. We also received approval from the FDA for the Venovo venous stent, which is the first venous stent indicated to treat obstructed or narrowed blood flow specific to the iliac and femoral veins located near the growing. Most importantly, it is engineered to address the special challenges of venous lesions that are very different than those posed by arterial narrowing. As you can see, we have a very rich pipeline of new products across our businesses. And we look forward to sharing additional updates with you along the way. Before I move on, I would like to remind you that we have, again included a slide in the appendix of today's presentation that provides an update on our sustainability initiatives. We hope you find this information useful and understanding BD's commitment to these important initiatives. Moving to Slide 20, I would like to reiterate the key messages from our presentation today. Solid revenue and EPS growth this quarter was driven by strong underlying growth in our core across our businesses and regions. Through the first half, our results are right where we expected them to be. The integration of Bard is on track, and we are confident in our ability to achieve our costs and revenue synergy commitments. Looking forward to the remainder of fiscal year 2019, there are a number of drivers across our segments that give us confidence in our planned back half acceleration. In summary, we are confident that our strategy is working, our core remains strong, and we have a significant opportunity to continue to deliver even more impactful, comprehensive solutions for our customers and their patients around the world. So thank you. We will now open the call to questions.
Vince Forlenza: So, Kristen, you can get a strong sense there, we're doing everything we can, as Chris said, to offset those headwinds. We're being prudent around the DCB situation and then 2020 is a whole different work stream in line with what we have been communicating all along in terms of how we will offset that. We're making good progress in all of these things. We'll see how the DCB situation comes out. One thing that I would add is that we have done -- we've taken our data to a third party and have them take a look and actually do the analysis for us, we're feeling very good about those results and the safety results that they show and Simon and his team are looking to get that published. So we look forward to getting our data out there. So thanks for the question.
Vince Forlenza: Sure, Robbie. So you're right, we're not going to give guidance for 2020 this early in the year, but I would say that the deal model is very intact. Obviously, we have to keep our eye on the DCBs and the impact next year. But we still have strong performance and momentum across the business and continued synergy capture. And so everything we talked about and offsetting the Gore royalty, clearly, is still in place. Now the Gore royalty as is clear is running a little harder than the original deal model. And so that's something we're clearly working toward to getting too. So as we look at the -- as we look at these significant headwinds that we have in the short term, clearly, there is some -- like you wouldn't expect the kind of pressure we are getting in FX, if the FX, if the dollar stays right where it is, there would be about a push next year, so no 5.5% kind of headwinds. And so that is great. And obviously the divestiture was a one-time item and you wouldn't have that again. Flu kind of normalizes. We had a normal flu season this year. We would plan for a normal flu season. So you don't have that headwind going forward. Resins, we had a spike in resins just before we gave guidance last year. That's gotten slightly favorable and it's kind of held right there. So we'll have to watch that. Oil prices are going up, but it seems like the pricing there has more to do with supply right now than oil prices, as it had in the past. So we'll certainly watch that, but no indication that there is additional pressure there. And your guess is as good as mine on tariffs. And so we'll see. We'll do everything we can to offset tariffs and do what we can to move sources et cetera. But that remains to be seen whether that's a headwind going forward or not. So it's clearly an indication that the level of headwinds that we had this year tend to abate. And so we'll address more of that going forward as we go throughout the year.
Vince Forlenza: Well, first, the margins in that business are very high. It's a very attractive product line, one. Two, we're continuing to manufacture the product. And so, but, of course, had significantly lower volume. So then we have the variances that go along with that. And Chris can give you more detail.
Vince Forlenza: Okay. So there is a bunch in there. Let me start with the cost synergies. So we're right on track with the cost synergies. As we said, the most recent achievements we pointed to are kind of in the IT infrastructure space as well as in the supply chain. And so some of those things are like moving data centers and collapsing data centers and moving off of older IT systems like MFG Pro and beginning to move those kinds of items. We did close down the Murray Hill office, including the data center and moved it out. So those are the kind of synergies that you start achieving. This is on top of last year's achievements, which included duplicate public company costs and some of the procurement savings. As we look out into 2020, we would be looking at more of the operational kind of synergies like plants and distribution centers and that kind of thing. So we're right on track where we expected to be from a cost standpoint. The same is true on the revenue synergies, as we said, we invested to get some revenue synergies. And I'll pass it over to Simon to talk a little bit about the surgery component of that.
Vince Forlenza: Well, thanks to all of you for joining us today on the call. Let me make a couple of remarks here. Our performance year-to-date with some puts and takes is right in line with our expectations. We expect a strong back half and have confidence we will deliver it, consistent with our proven track record and historical performance. Even in the phase of significant headwinds, we continue to weather the storm. Our core remains strong. The deal model is tracking in line with our plan. Yes, we have to handle DCBs, and we will do that. And together, BD and Bard have the ability to deliver robust operating performance. So having said all that, we look forward to updating you again next time. Thanks very much.
Chris Reidy: Yes, David. This is Chris, you got that right. 50% is what we're projecting for the remainder of the year. And that is in fact what we're seeing through the month of April and late March. So we're calling it as continuing along those lines. Obviously, we'll see what happens when the FDA talks at the end of June. But right now, we're calling it as we're experiencing it. What we are also assuming is that BTK, while we continue to talk to the FDA about BTK, but we would expect that launch to be in the next fiscal year as well. So it's a combination of those two impacts. And when you take that impact against our original guidance range of 5% to 6%, it does bring us down to the low end of the guidance range.
Chris Reidy: Sure. So I'm going to start, just to put things in perspective. Then I'll turn it over to Tom. As we showed on the waterfall chart, we're driving 19% to 20% underlying growth and that -- clearly, 3% of that comes from the year-over-year tax rate. But we're driving 16% to 17% growth as well. And we've been able to do that kind of growth in the past. And so that -- I would point you to the fact that 12% FXN despite the $400 million of pressure that I'm talking about is evidence of our ability to still drive good strong FXN growth despite that kind of pressure. And so, Tom is going to talk a little bit about the kinds of things we did to get there.
Chris Reidy: Great, Larry. Two good questions. So let me step back on FX a little bit and as you pointed out, we had estimated about a 3.5% EPS impact or about $0.40, thereabouts. Our new guidance is 5.5%. And we have certainly seen since November a broad strengthening of the US dollar against the Euro, but also more directly against all other currencies around the world. Through the first half, we are already experiencing the $0.40 or 3.5% of FX pressure, and Q2 was slightly worse than we had expected. We had thought it would be $0.20 to $0.22 and we saw a $0.25. As far as the remainder of the year goes, we had expected FX pressure in Q3, but we are now expecting that to be worse than anticipated as the dollar continues to strengthen. And as we looked at Q4, we had originally thought that that turned around and offset the impact of Q3 to essentially be neutral in the second half. That doesn't look like it's going to happen now as the dollar continues to strengthen and the Q4 is neutral, but certainly not an offset to Q3. So when you put all that together, it drops about $0.20 more in the third quarter and then the fourth quarter would be relatively flat. And some of what's making that happen as well as the profit and inventory that as the dollar continues to strengthen, that come back from profit and inventory that we expected in the fourth quarter is lessened. And so that's what makes the fourth quarter neutral. One thing to consider in terms of the drop through is as we've seen in past years, when the pressure comes from currencies other than euro. And of the $0.60 pressure that we're seeing this year, only $0.15 of that is from the euro, so the rest is all other currencies. When the pressure comes from other currencies, the drop through tends to be greater than it was in prior years. So that's the story on FX. In terms of your other question, in terms of the way to think about margin from where we are, the first-half margin is, as you said, about 24%. We're guiding 25% to 26%, which implies about a 27% second half. And a number of things go into that very much consistent with what we said on the call last quarter. FX does abate in Q4, as we annualize headwinds, the cost synergies that we have ramped in the second half, particularly on a year-over-year basis. We also have additional SSG&A leverage on higher second half sales. And we feel very good about the acceleration of revenues in the second half that generate that as we went through in the script. So we feel real good about our ability to get to that 25% to 26% operating margin improvement despite the headwinds.
Chris Reidy: Yes. So it's clearly not 100%, but they're really good margins, and we don't like for competitive reasons to give the specifics, but it's very strong. I think what you might be missing in your model is our assumption on below the knee. So you're right about the $57 million at strong margins, but then you got below the knee coming out of our numbers as well, which certainly has an impact of about $20 million to revenue or thereabout. So that would get you in the ballpark.
Chris Reidy: Sure. So a couple of comments in there. So first of all, on the confidence on the second half revenue, it is exactly as we called it last quarter as well. And the things that go in there are the tough flu comp in the first half. So if you look at Life Sciences year-to-date is 3.7. Clearly, we're calling it much higher than that in the second half. And so you've got that benefit sticking in Life Sciences, you've got the EMA tender timing and Biosciences that we talked about. We continue to see strong performance in BD MAX. So we're very confident on that acceleration. On BDI, you mentioned Venovo. We also have the 4 French WavelinQ. You saw that we got approval for 4 French. So we have that, and Covera. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a number of other product launches in the second half. And then, moving to surgery within Interventional, we have Progel back and that's accelerating nicely. So -- and surgery essentially won't have the impact of the hurricane that we were fighting in the first half of this year. So that returns to normal. And then on the medical side, we mentioned that we expect MDS to accelerate based on the strong hypo demand that we're seeing, and that was a supply issue in the past. And so that's writing itself. And so, we expect strong demand there. And then MMS, as you see, the performance at MMS, we continue to see that performing well in the second half of the year. Don't forget revenue synergies also build. The timing is we haven't seen too much revenue synergy in the first half. We've seen some, but we have strong confidence in seeing that build in the second half. So we're very, very confident on the revenue build in the second half. And so when you think about it, we're about 4.3 year-to-date, which is about where we expect it to be for the first half of the year, even though, Q2 is a little lighter. We are actually a little bit better in Q1 as you might remember. And so the back half of the year implies kind of a 5.5% to 6% growth, which we feel very, very comfortable with. In terms of your comment on margins, most of that is the FX impact. And so that's what's driving that. On an underlying basis, FX and the margin was right where we expected to be. The bigger driver of that is SSG&A, as you can see, was a little bit harder in the second quarter. That's just a timing issue. When you normalize for the integration of Bard, so, Bard wasn't in the first quarter, so you saw a big -- first quarter last year. So in the first quarter, you saw a big change. In the second quarter, that comes back in. What you see happening is things like comp and benefit plan, you're taking two companies that are on different year-ends -- fiscal year-ends and normalizing that. So you're getting some hits in the second quarter that normalizes over the course of the year. Those benefit plans aren't incremental there. They are the same as they were. It's just out of quarter. The best indication of that is something that Tom mentioned is that for the first half of the year, on a comparable basis, SSG&A is running about 2.9%. That's about where we expected to be for the year, which is showing that we are able to drive down costs through synergies and continuous improvement. So we feel good about the gross margin. And that will improve through the second half of about 57% on average to get us to the 56% to 57% guidance range we mentioned.
Chris Reidy: So this is Chris. On the first question, what I would say is the incremental FX impact, we are already driving 19% to 20% underlying growth and we're not going to offset FX by cutting into muscle at that point. And that was the point of saying, we're already driving $150 million of offsets. As it relates to DCB, we're not assuming any offsets at this point, as we talked about, but if things went negatively, which we don't expect in June, but if they did, we would clearly take actions to offset the impact of that. So the actions that we're talking about are things like sales, comp incentives or whatever, and we're not going to take short-term action to hurt the sales force that we need, when things come back. But if things got materially worse after June, we certainly would look at that and manufacturing, et cetera.
Simon Campion: No. Just once more, as Vince said, we have reaffirmed the safety profile of our product with an independent group of physicians involved. All the interventions that would use our product and oncologists, and we said we do that back in the Q1 earnings call. We've done that, we've reaffirmed it, and we're going through the publication process. The other thing to note, while DCB is undoubtedly a headwind for us, there are many other -- many other legs to the Peripheral Intervention stool and indeed the BDI stool that can help mitigate some of those headwinds. So as we break down our business, we can see a good growth in the other segments on a global basis, the other parts of PI on a global basis. So DCB is very important, but it's not the only positive story that we have to express as we serve patients globally.
Simon Campion: Yes, good morning. It's Simon here. So I think we mentioned again last time on the biosurgery and infection prevention, sales organization within Europe. We invested heavily there and that sales force is performing as expected and actually above our plan. Now we did something similar in the U.S. where we combined the same two sales forces. And we're getting good leverage between the legacy Bard, biosurgery sales force and the legacy BD infection prevention sales force. The other point I think is important to note here is that the investment profile and the investment agenda that Bard had set forth has been fully supported by BD. Example of that is acquisition of TVA Medical to fill out our end-stage renal disease portfolio and that acquisition has gone to plan. As Chris noted earlier, we got FDA clearance for the 4 French. We've rolled that out, and the progress in that business continues to be very good. And then on a global basis across all three businesses, we continue to do very well, particularly in the emerging markets in China. So overall, all the investment plans are on track and the investment agenda that we set forth has been fulfilled by BD.
Simon Campion: Simon again. Indeed, yes. Progel, we reintroduced back to the market. I think it was in the October-November timeframe. And we're really pleased with how that has performed. We are -- I would say, we're slightly ahead of where we thought we would be with that. As you rightly mentioned, we have seen increased competition on the Hemostat side and the evaluations have certainly eaten in a little bit into our business there. But I think from a clinical perspective, we feel really comfortable with where we stand with the performance of Arista versus some of the competitors that have entered the market. So I think while there's some short-term pain as their products are evaluated, a lot of institutions and the clinicians have come back around to Arista. And then the final point I'd like to make about that business is, as you may have seen, we have received approval for sterile ChloraPrep, which further differentiates us in the infection prevention business. And we are getting ready to roll that out over the summer months. And we've seen great growth on that in the past two quarters. We expect that profile to continue as we roll out a further differentiated product in that category.
