Vince Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone and Happy Groundhog Day. Let’s get started on slide 4, most of you participating on today’s call attended our analyst day back in November and more recently the JP Morgan Healthcare Conference. At these events you heard us detail our strategy for sustainable growth with a pathway to a target of 5% plus revenue growth and 10% plus earnings growth.  At analyst day, you were also able to see first-hand, many of the exciting products and solutions that we believe will help us drive more sustainable healthcare globally. As we partner with healthcare systems to address their key priorities, we are broadening our served markets through our focus on major healthcare challenges, where we believe we can have the greatest impact.  To achieve our objectives, we laid out a comprehensive plan centered on three key components. First, it’s the broad array of new products that we are either launching now or we plan to launch over the next two years. Second, it’s our move to solutions. As we do that and move in to adjacencies, we are becoming more impactful across our businesses on these major healthcare issues.  And third, is our geographic expansion including revenue centered synergies from CareFusion. I’m pleased to say that we’re on track with that plan that we laid and we are off to a strong start in fiscal year 2017.  Moving to the first quarter highlights, performance from both the medical and life science segments contributed to revenue growth that was ahead of our initial expectations. Our results this quarter continued to demonstrate the benefit of our diverse product and geographic portfolio. We continue to drive strong underlying margin expansion with the achievement of synergies, operational efficiencies and continuous improvement.  Looking forward to the total year, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2017 currency-neutral revenue guidance. Our first quarter performance along with our current outlook for the total year, gives us confidence to raise our currency neutral EPS guidance. Since we provided guidance in November, the dollar has strengthened broadly relative to the euro and other currencies and a negative impact from foreign exchange is now more pronounced.  Chris will give you more details on this in just a moment. In summary, we are delighted with our strong start to fiscal year 2017 and are confident in our outlook for the full fiscal year. I’ll now turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our first quarter financial performance and our updated fiscal year 2017 guidance. 
Vince Forlenza: So I’ll start-off David. From a revenue standpoint, we are delighted with the start that we had and we feel very good about the outlook for the year. We just thought it was a little early to take up the revenue guidance. Now looking at the underlying markets, they do seem to have stabilized, so we’re feeling good about that.  We just think that from a much broader perspective we are in to an uncertain environment. So, it was the first quarter, we feel good about it, we have confidence in the year, and we’ll come back in the second quarter and take another look.  Now in terms of the impact of currency and what now, I’ll turn that over to Chris. 
Vince Forlenza: And the only other thing I would add Chris is that, if we continue with a strong revenue, we saw a very good margin on that incremental revenue. So we have that as a looking forward as well. So those are the elements. 
Vince Forlenza: So we’re still working towards full commercial launch changing some of the training materials. Thanks Tom. Thanks John. 
Vince Forlenza: Well thank you very much. May be to then go on and just wrap up the call. We are very pleased with the strong start to the year. We’re implementing our strategy that we laid out for you at analyst day. That whole plan is on track, we’re excited about the new product launches. You saw the increased performance on the margin as well. So when we step back and look at this in totality we’re viewing very good across the continuum of the entire P&L.  So thank you very much for your questions and look forward to updating you next quarter. Thanks everyone. 
Chris Reidy: So looking at our EPS guidance, we feel really good about the performance in the first quarter as well, and we think a portion of that is going to flow through to the year. As you see we raised the FX and guidance which is what we control and we feel really good about where that stands. We don’t control the currency. Now we did do all of this based on a 30 day average which is what we’ve always done and that was $1.06. As you saw over the last couple of days, it’s moved up to a $1.08. It’s been very volatile, we haven’t adjusted for that so clearly there’s some upside effect continues and it would be a pleasant surprise to see currency finally moving in the other direction and being at our back instead of in our face.  So, our guidance does not take that in to consideration, because whatever it is its going to flow through. So we feel good about the fact that we raised the FX and guidance and then currency is going to be what currency is and we’ll walk through that as we go forward, as we it settle out. But wasn’t too long ago that people thought the dollar was going to go to parity, now it seems to be heading the other direction. Who knows, we hope for the best.
Chris Reidy: On the first piece of that I would say, clearly ahead of expectations in the first quarter. If you remember we said that going to have a little bit more of a difficulty comparing the first quarter primarily because they grow over in the Middle Eastern and Africa. Middle East was about what we expect; Africa was just actually a little bit better because of the timing of some contracts.  But clearly we blew that 4% kind of guidance in the first quarter out of the water. I’d say about two-thirds of the revenue over achievement was timing related. You can look at pharm systems growing 15.5%, that’s a lumpy business, it’s not a 15% grower, but it’s a good grower, but it’s mostly timing or a chunk of that is timing. So we about two-thirds, one-third breakout at this point.  So clearly revenue is moving up in the range, and as Vince said it’s a little bit up early in the year we still have things like flu ahead of us, it’s still not clear where that’s going to go, although it’s somewhat encouraging but that could turn on a dime. So we’ll see where that goes, pricing is still a bit ahead of us.  So it’s early in the year, but clearly feel a lot better about our revenue guidance and a lot more confident in that guidance range. So we’ll see how it goes, but we’re off to a great start.
Chris Reidy: Yeah I just did on that before I get to the second part of your question. That it’s our job to offset as much of that FX headwind as we can, and I think we’ve done a great job with that last year. We continue that with our first quarter guidance raising the FX and neutral. So that’s our job to do that, and its - basically the cost synergies, the continuous improvement, all of those things go in to our ability to do that.  We feel really good about where we are in cost synergy. We have the 325 to 350, we feel very good and confident with that. As you know some of the cost synergies come towards the backend and as we get increasing visibility towards that we’ll address where the total cost is going come out. But the traction that we have is terrific and it’s still a little bit early to give any more specificity to where we’ll ultimately end up, but we feel really good about the synergy progress that we’ve made and continue to expect that to be strong. 
Chris Reidy: On that last point, I think in terms of the cadence I think somebody else asked that too. As we look out, it’s going to be pretty ratable. I don’t think there’s going to be any spikes in the second, third, or fourth quarter, and so it will be within the range that we had provided for the year. And obviously because of the timing, it’s probably towards the low-end of that range to keep us within the 4.5 as you do the math.  The other part of the question capital deployment, sure, my favorite. So the way to think about that, one of the things you said Larry was the billion dollars of stranded cash. Remember that a company our size needs certain amount of working capital, so I don’t see all of that as a billion dollar, some of that is just normal working capital needs.  As we pay down to the 3.0, we’re going to get down to vey historically low levels of cash. It will take a little while to kind of go back up to normal working capital levels. And then a little while longer to actually start accumulating the cash that you need for further deployment.  So as I look out, the impact this year of any share buybacks would be de-minimus because of what I just subscribed in building back up the cash balances. But clearly we’re not going to let cash build upon the balance sheet and we will deploy that as that cash starts building up again.  But the way you should think about it for this year is that the impact of any share buybacks which would occur later in the year would be de-minimus to the year. 
Chris Reidy: Yeah, we’re actually seeing a little bit strength in the revenue side, and our margins as you can see were very strong in the first quarter as well. So the combination of those two things, the beat in the first quarter some of that’s going to flow through. So we see about a third of the revenue, about a third of the bottom line flowing through and that’s where we’re seeing it. 
Chris Reidy: Well on the border tax we certainly - we are a net exporter. So that’s positive, certainly as the lowering of the US rate would be positive. It all depends on all of the other factors that go in it, and that’s very volatile in terms of what other factors there might be such as the interest expense and the price of repatriation of unremitted foreign earnings. So it’s too quick and too soon to know because it’s anybody’s guess as to what will actually end up in the ultimate rules, and we still got a way to go. But there’s some positive, there’s some negative, we’ll see where they come out. But the one thing that I would want you to take away is that we are a net exporter. We do have over 30 plants in the US, so we feel good about that aspect of it. 
Chris Reidy: We do, certainly as we talked about the synergies. In our ability to drive more synergies, we’ve gotten a lot of traction on that, there’s still a lot to come and so there’s potential to continue to drive more synergies and that would be a potential.  We feel good about the fact that we are able to offset a good chunk of the FX headwinds in our guidance. As we go down to 106, its now 108, there’s certainly some upside there as well. It’s somewhat out of our control where FX goes, but our job as I said before is to offset as much of that as we possibly can and I think we have some options and opportunities particularly around synergy acceleration and those kinds of things that we would be pushing up. 
Chris Reidy: It’s not going to be very material and we’re not counting on it being very material for the rest of the year. And its’ on a lag just because of the reporting piece which is not unusual. So I wouldn’t expect too much there. I don’t think it’s going to really be a driver. 
Chris Reidy: And on the share count, so that assumes - and we’ve seen since we’re not buying back any shares we got a little bit of a lift from conversion of options, and we’ve seen that over the last several quarters. So it’s just a continuation of that and no assumption of share buybacks for the remainder of the year. 
Chris Reidy: So on the pricing piece, I think it’s very consistent with the way we always approach pricing. There’s no question that there is pricing pressure in different parts of the business. We tend to be able to offset a lot of that, and so we started this year opening guidance with tens of basis points of pressure. The first quarter was about flat as I mentioned and so we’re still having our guidance, the tens of basis points coming from the remainder of the year, that’s got some room for upside. If we’re able to outperform, but right now it contains that tens of basis points of pricing pressure. 
Alberto Mas: Yes, as Vince mentioned we do feel very positive about the feedback that we’re getting from our customers. We’ve seen some early wins around 30 accounts have now converted to Barricor. We have a healthy pipeline of just over 150 accounts; they are validating and evaluating the product. It is a product that takes quite a long time to validate between three and five months. So although all the signs are positive, this is going to be a slow conversion process that we’re going to see.
Alberto Mas: Yes, flu seasons specifically in Asia. So Japan and Korea were earlier than last year as well as in the US, the last year’s flu season was late. So we saw strong demand in Asia in Q1, and very, very late in December. There was a little bit of a spike in the order from distributors in anticipation of what we’ve seen an increase in flu for the last three weeks or so. We don’t know exactly obviously how that’s going to, going forward how that’s going to evolve. But there was a very late buy-in of inventory by distributors in the US moderate still. It contributed about just over 1.5% growth rate to the DS growth rate for the quarter. 
Alberto Mas: Yes, and we did particularly well and above average because some of the supply in some of the constrained product and push-button recollection went outside the US. So we saw particularly high safety numbers. 
Tom Polen: Sure. Hey Doug, this is Tom. As Vince mentioned earlier we have made really good progress on the registration as we were after revenue synergies up to 160 plus either approved or under active review. As we had always shared, of course China has one of the longest registration time, and so as we think about our synergies, we do have synergies coming in China but that’s certainly not the main source of them at this point. We’ll see those coming in over the next couple of years.  As you think about revenue synergies overall, it was a good contributor to the segment in the quarter. Think about it in tens of basis points impact on BD Medical revenue growth in the quarter on a global basis. 
Tom Polen: Hi Jonathan, this is Tom. So as Vince mentioned in October we began the initial pilot launch with Medtronic in the US to collect customer insights and inform about the rollout. As we said, we did put out a safety notification a few weeks ago and it stated that although the majority of customers are using the product successfully and we’re getting great feedback on that, there was a small percent that had reported some issues. And so we had an agreement with Medtronic temporarily pause the shipment so we could review that customer feedback.  We also indicated that any customers who have the product, it’s okay to continue to use it. Again we’re getting overall very good feedback, and we recognize that it’s a new and different technology and we need to make sure that we’re rolling out the right training so that we’re getting our customers the right instructions for use a 100% are having that right experience.  So we’ve been analyzing that feedback, we’re finding some of the training practices etcetera. Obviously we’re disappointed with the shipment pause, but as Vince also mentioned, we view this as part of a learning critical to maximize the potential of this over both the near and long term.  It doesn’t change at all our outlook for the product. We continue to be very positive on the opportunity and extremely positive on the benefit of the flow-smart technology. We also don’t see any impact of this on the guidance for the medical segment of the company. 
Tom Polen: Yeah, this is Tom. Certainly we see Europe is about 50% of the way through their safety legislation. I think the add-on that you’re talking about is not something that we see as fundamentally being a significant scale to move the needle beyond kind of the current trajectory. So we will continue to be very positive overall on safety growth in Europe and as well as in emerging markets.
Tom Polen: We saw a pretty solid performance from a medical perspective in the US in the quarter, no change in that. I think as we think about safety overall in the quarter, we recognize that at the BDX level it was maybe a bit more of an impact from international safety, so also some headwinds in the Middle East and Asia, but we see those basically moderating as we go forward for the year as those annualize and overall see a positive outlook for safety to the balance in FY’17.
