Thomas Polen: Vijay, this is Tom. Thanks for the good question. So on flu COVID combo, testing is very much in line with our expectations. The -- as you said, it was $70 million to $80 million or so is what we expected for the full year, and you would expect a portion of that to be in Q1, and it played out as such. Essentially, it's relatively immaterial to overall BD, as you can imagine, if you take the 75 80 and you spread it over a couple of quarters. So that's what was in our numbers. We have not seen any -- it's a normal to light flu season this year. It's certainly higher than it was last year when there was essentially no flu. But if you look at the CDC data, it is on track for a light to normal flu season. but nothing above our expectations at this point in time.  I'll turn it over to Chris for the other question.
Thomas Polen: And Robbie, this is Tom. I think you've heard me used the word prudent pretty nonstop since the COVID pandemic hit. And so I would view our guide today is prudent with -- as the market continues to remain more stable, that there's opportunity for upside as we move through the year.
Thomas Polen: I think just to add, Simon, those strategic product exits that we've been doing in PI, but also in other areas of the company as part of our ReCoDe initiative, across the board, those -- with the strength of our revenue, we've been in a position to accelerate that strategy in a number of ways. And those products that we're discontinuing typically always have growth rates that are far below the company average and margins that are far below the company average. And so it's addition by subtraction as we think about that long term, as we simplify our portfolio and focus in those higher-growth spaces that are going to be driving the future of the company. So thank you, Matthew, for the question.
Thomas Polen: No, Matthew. That's very -- that's exactly what we said when we gave guidance. That's no change at all. We continue to be focused on advancing Alaris and there's no updates.
Thomas Polen: Okay. Thank you for the question, Larry. Why don't we start with the last question first. I'll turn it to Chris on the growth pretty clear answer.
Thomas Polen: And on pricing, Larry, so as you know, as you know BD very, very well, we've been focused on pricing for many years and had begun the journey with putting in resources in every business that are dedicated to pricing, pricing leadership at the company level as well. And obviously, in an environment where there's record levels of inflation, it's been an area that has been ever more important.  And so we began our journey of working on pricing in an inflationary environment last year and began taking actions. And you're starting to see and will continue to see the impacts of that flow through in the year. We take those actions very serious in discussions with our customers. We understand they work in a reimbursement-constrained environment. And so if you look at where we are implementing price most significantly, it is -- and we're very transparent with our customers, by the way, on where we're raising price and why we're raising price and the impacts of inflation as the driver of that. But where you see it most is in those products that we're selling for a dime, a quarter or low dollars, where BD over decades has invested billions of dollars of capital in creating extremely efficient, fully automated manufacturing facilities that allow us to be one of the only companies on the planet who can sell billions of devices at dimes and quarters and dollars.  And because of the way that we've just continued to refine our manufacturing capabilities over the year in a best-in-class ways, any increases in variable costs like resins, as an example, or chips, et cetera, they tend to flow right through and directly impact product margins and profitability. And so we can share what those impacts are on those raw material increases with our customers, and we have those discussions, and we've been raising price actively, particularly in those product categories.  And so while we're not giving out -- not sharing a specific number on price through the year, we are -- have been very, very active on that. And it's -- we're doing it in every region around the world, it's not a U.S. or Europe thing, it's equal across all geographies and directly related to passing through a portion of the inflationary impacts that we're getting on raw materials.  Of course, at the same time, we're taking a number of actions beyond pricing, passing it all through to our customers, and that includes us taking cost actions within the company, continuing to drive significant continuous improvement in our manufacturing plants and always look at ways to be more efficient and look at prices, that last resort. But we have certainly been doing more price this year than we have seen historically.
Thomas Polen: Thank you for the question, Matt. So on the supply chain and inflation perspective, we don't have -- there's not assumptions that there's any major material reversal of the cost. There are some areas where we expect continued trending. Resins, for example, have been heading in a moderately to minorly favorable direction, as an example. We expect that to continue. But overall, we don't see major abatements in areas like shipping, as an example, or chips. That's -- we bake that into our outlook as we go forward. We do think those supply chain dynamics will continue certainly longer than most of the world thought at this time last year, and we see them -- many of them continuing through '22. So we have that built into our considerations and outlook.  The other question was.
Thomas Polen: Yes. Thanks, Matt. Certainly, we do look at those, and we have raised price in a number of areas as appropriate across the portfolio. There are a few products, of course, in today's environment that aren't impacted by inflation in areas such as shipping or computer chips, et cetera. Instrumentation will be a good example of electromechanical inflation that we see and we raised costs there in areas such as service, where spare parts, certainly, the cost of those go up. And we do share the increases of those as well.  So the answer is yes. But by far and away, the most significant increases would be on those products that we are just extremely efficient at producing and where the percentage of COGS made up of raw materials are disproportionately high.
Thomas Polen: And Matt, just maybe one other item to add is we have been very active and we put this in place last year. We have a formal inflation task force that we've established, with multiple different pillars within that and dedicated groups, working on everything from rethinking our logistics chain, and that includes looking at alternative shipping partners in a number of areas. For example, how can you ship from Asia to the U.S. or from Europe, U.S. to Europe in more efficient ways? What parts of our supply chain have traditionally used airfreight, as an example, that we can move on to rail or boats? We've been taking actions and rethinking that, both how we get products to customers, but also from raw material suppliers into our plants. And of course, looking at the materials themselves, where there's alternative vendors and working with existing vendors on different technologies that could be more cost effective for us to use. All of those are different components within our inflation task force, it's been very active, and we're seeing the impacts of that as well.
Thomas Polen: Okay. Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for your questions. Before we sign off, I just want to thank BD's 75,000 associates around the globe who live our purpose every day to advance the world of health, who are working tirelessly to support our customers and frontline health care workers around the world and are committed to executing our strategy. I'm proud of how we've started fiscal '22. I'm looking forward to continuing to deliver on our goals and making meaningful impacts for our customers and their patients around the world. On behalf of the entire executive team, thank you for your efforts and sacrifices.  And operator, with that, we will end today's call.
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes. And just to confirm, on the licensing revenue, yes, so it was worth 40 basis points. You can do the math. It's roughly $50 million. We also had -- you heard me reference, we're actively driving our ReCoDe initiative and SKU productivity and have been very intentional about making choices there to enhance our profitability. Given the strong growth profile, this affords us the luxury of being able to absorb some headwinds as we simplify our portfolio. And primarily in the BDI business, there was some impact there as well, and that actually had a negative impact in the quarter of about 30 basis points.
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes, thanks for the question. Let me approach this 2 ways. So let me first talk about the quarter and how we delivered in the quarter maybe relative to what folks are seeing from kind of an external expectation standpoint. So obviously, we're very pleased with our Q1 results, clearly reflected strong base revenue growth which exceeded our expectations. As you noted, there was also a strong execution against our margin enhancement objectives, actually realizing benefit earlier in some areas, which will help us going forward because certainly we're seeing continued market-driven supply and inflation pressure as you look out into the back end of the year. Finally, we -- as you noted, we did realize incremental revenue from COVID-only testing. You can see that in our results. That actually had a strong margin as well in the first quarter.  The good thing here is the strength is nicely balanced between our base and the increment from testing. There were a couple of timing items as we think comparing to, again, kind of more what I would frame as external expectations. First, we had signaled there was -- we had expected a discrete tax item in Q1, which did play out as expected. So we had a lower effective tax rate in the quarter. We're still confident in our full year expected tax rate. So thus, you would expect a slight increase over our full year average through the balance to go there.  You had highlighted the licensing impact, which I don't think was contemplated in the external view. That was planned on our side.  Those 2 items alone explain what I would call the delta you're seeing between our total results relative to the external view.  I think the other 2 new considerations to think about that don't really show up in the quarter, one is we talked about reinvestment of the testing upside, which will obviously happen through the course of the year as we find those value-creating opportunities. And then we talked about the negative FX, which was worth about $0.10, which, again, that will also play out through the back of the year.  So actually, when you think of that, that implies that we actually have a stronger balance to go on the back end to account for absorbing those items.  So similar to what you said, bigger picture, I think the simple way to think of this is we increased sales by $250 million. That included a base increase of $150 million, testing of $250 million to $400 million. We did offset currency headwinds of $150 million. So that nets to the $250 million.  I think also importantly, if you take our Q1 actual results against our new base guide and look at our implied guide for Q2 to Q4, it's actually in line with our previous guide, which means we did not take our revenue projections down in the future.  And I think everyone is acknowledging there's actually more uncertainty given Omicron. We mentioned how we exited December heading into January. So that's actually signaling strength in how we feel about the back half.  And then our EPS, we increased $0.50, absorbing $0.10 of currency. And if you do the drop-through on EPS to sales, it's an extremely high conversion of sales to earnings, implying strong margin on that, fully leveraging our base and gives us confidence actually that we're on track to deliver our margin commitment.  So I think in light of all that, we see this as actually especially strong in light of continued market uncertainty and is reflective of our strong base business growth and our focus on execution.
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Robbie, for the question. I guess I'll reiterate some of the things that I just shared. To your point, extremely strong quarter. You saw the results relative to external expectations. There were 2 timing items. We had signaled tax in Q1, that was not contemplated in the external view. The licensing also wasn't contemplated in that external view. Those were both items that we had planned and we had communicated the tax. So when you think of those 2 items alone, we're actually giving more than, call it, an adjusted external view.  And then I think the last piece that isn't being considered is, there are new items in the back half of the year. Again, FX, right, which is going to play out, there's $0.10 there that will play out post Q1. And in addition to that, we had highlighted the fact that we are going to do some reinvestment on some of the margin drop-through on the incremental testing that happened in Q1.  So that kind of explains it. Again, I think the easiest way to think about it is, we delivered 8.3% growth in Q1. Our revenue guide has us holding the 8.3% and then actually holding the same guide on the balance to go, which means we're equally confident in our original guide despite the fact that everyone would acknowledge that there are more headwinds as it relates to Omicron, et cetera. It also implies at $0.50 on $250 million of sales an extremely strong drop-through to profit, right? It's highly variable. It's actually at a GP level or plus, which means all that revenue, we're fully leveraging our base and it only implies a strengthening perspective on our margin outlook.  And again, we're extremely excited about the start of the year. I feel good about where we are. Obviously, we did talk about -- we do see continued inflation pressures as the year progresses. We're working really hard. The team is doing an outstanding job mitigating those. But it is certainly a unique environment. But I think a great start to the year. The guide increase signals more confidence than when we entered the year despite what I would argue is actually more complexity.
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. Yes. Obviously, so one, as the CFO, of course, it's going to be contingent on there'll be strong value-creating opportunities. We've always looked to innovation, I think, first. I think also anything that we can do to accelerate the great programs that we have in place to build capability and execute against our Simplify agenda, which will lead to margin, I think, would be the 2 areas that we would continue to prioritize.  I would likely see that kind of phase more second half. Certainly, with the new guide in our plan, some of that will happen in Q2, but it will probably be more kind of spread throughout the year is the way to think about that.
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes, Larry, thanks for the question. Yes, the full balance to go is actually equal to our guide. What we did signal though was Q2, we're still navigating through kind of a recovery period, if you remember the resurgence last year. So it's really more I would think of it as kind of outsized on the BDI side of the business, in particular.  There are a couple of small comp dynamics in Q4 as well, right? We had some new product launches. So if you look at the comp from last year, it's very strong. So it's really just more comp dynamics, I think, as it relates to 5 5 plus for the long term, that this more than validates that we're well on track and strong there. As a matter of fact, our continuing to look at growth versus '19 as an example, too, is extremely strong, actually moving to over 5% with -- and that's -- and considering the fact that you have a year of COVID in there, that's a strong signal for the trajectory of the business.
Christopher DelOrefice: Larry, just one other quick thing. I don't know if this helps, I wasn't sure if your comment was operational. But obviously, the FX phasing will be certainly more back-end loaded in terms of the negative currency impact, maybe another consideration.  And then further to just Tom's comment on pricing from a progress standpoint, I think what I can share, we did not split out the dynamic, but it's part of our plan as it relates to -- we talked about an inflation impact and then cost improvement programs and price. Cost improvement is actually a large portion of it, to Tom's point, where we're getting a net 50 basis points improvement for the full year of the 200 basis points. The other 150 is coming from volume and strong growth and some FX benefit that carried over from last year.  And on pricing, we entered the year with plans, with 80%, 90% of firm plans in place and 50% of that action. We now have 100% plans fully identified and 7% of it is already fully executed, with the balance really more timing tied to triggers and other events. So really good progress there.
Christopher DelOrefice: Just one small add that may help you think about how this sort of could play out through the year. Inflationary impacts kind of started more in the second half of last year, right? So as you go through this year, what you're going to see in the first half is kind of a full impact of continued inflation. As you get to the back half, you'll see some stabilization to some continuous increases, but to a smaller degree. And then think of the opposite as it relates to kind of the offsets that will drive, call it, the net, right? That will ramp a little bit slower, although we were -- we actually exceeded our expectations for Q1, but you have just sort of the natural ramp that happens as you put actions into place throughout the year. So that may help you as you sort of think of the timing dynamics.  We did talk about GP or GP operating margin, Q2 kind of being the low watermark as it relates to the full impact of inflation flowing through. And that is GP and up margin because a lot of the inflation is also in the area of shipping. So you should think of both line items in that regard.
