Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning. As we stated in our press release, we are off to a solid start this year and we are pleased with our performance in the first fiscal quarter.  Revenue growth was 2.4% currency neutral, which was slightly better than our expectations. Fully diluted EPS of $1.21 declined by 9.6% on a currency-neutral basis. This reflects a $0.04 favorable benefit relating to various tax settlements in multiple jurisdictions, which we expected later in the year.  Excluding the tax benefit, earnings per share would have been $1.17, which is in line with the expectations we outlined on our conference call in November.  We saw softer results in the U.S. due to an uncertain research spending environment and difficult pricing comparisons versus the prior year. David will provide more details around this later in his remarks.  We continue to see strong growth in emerging markets. Our initiatives around new product platforms and extensions and operational excellence programs continue to be on track with our expectations. We are also reaffirming our full fiscal year revenue and EPS guidance on a currency-neutral basis.  On a reported basis, we are lowering our revenue and EPS guidance to reflect the impact of a strengthening U.S. dollar. We expect reported revenue and EPS growth to be about flat.  Now I'd like to turn things over to David for a more detailed discussion of our first quarter financial performance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes, Larry, you're referring to the fact that a couple of years ago they set a 3-year deadline and where are we in terms of moving towards that whole implementation, so I'll ask Gary to talk about that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: I don't think we really have a quantification of the flu. It's not -- the flu was not really material to our results. We really haven't seen any flu year-over-year.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure, Jon. As you mentioned, it was really the U.S. market where we saw the difficulties, and Bill will break that out a little bit more for you. Europe and the rest of the world did well in that business. And you're right also, Jon. From just talking to folks around the industry, I think the research market, depending on the segment you were in, you more or less saw what we were talking about that. But there was some variability there. But in particular, we saw the uncertainty affecting our customer base in the academic and the government marketplaces and some impact for biotech, and Bill will break those out for you.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So our first go live is going to be this year, Biosciences. And then next year, we'll have a go live for North America and then another wave following that. But from a spending perspective, the spending on the project continue -- it increased '11 to '12. It will continue to increase in '13 and then the project spending will go down. And as we go live, the amortization of the system kicks in, which means that spending starts to flatten out after you get past '13. That's the dynamic on the system. Right now, the project is on track. It's obviously a large effort. Our Bioscience group is doing a great job on it, but that's the dynamic that we have.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So we don't think so. We've been talking to our China team about it, and Gary can comment on what we're hearing directly from them.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, I would say we feel marginally better about the clinical marketplace. I'd say we feel consistent with Biosciences outside of the U.S. And of course, we had some issue in the U.S. Those are the pieces. I feel very good about emerging markets, quite frankly.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I'm trying to make sure I understood your question, first off. So you were talking about the research business and the longer-term trends in research funding and how we see that and how things might be impacted.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. We said 130 basis points in the quarter, which was in line with what our expectation was. We knew we would have more pricing in the first half of the year than the second half of the year. Going back to last year, remember we talked about that about half of what we were seeing coming into this year was driven by a one-off situation in our Med/Surg business. We're seeing the majority of the pricing issues in device businesses not so much on Diagnostics -- I'll come back to MRSA in a second, and not so much -- just a little bit in Biosciences in the research reagents, which has gone on for a number of years, but not really the instrument side. Not so much the clinical piece of it, but the research reagent. On MRSA, it's probably -- I'll let Tom comment, but I think it's more Roche as a new entrant coming into the marketplace.
Vincent A. Forlenza: All right. Well, I can't talk -- I'm sorry, this is Vince. I can't break out the impact of the decline in the U.S. margin on how that translate into gross margin, but I wouldn't expect it would be a very big impact. In terms of where our gross margins go, we're sticking with the gross margin guidance that we gave you in the beginning of the year. We haven't changed that. Now remember what's going to happen here is that the pricing comparisons are going to change over the course of the year, number one. So I'll give you a couple of factors why it's going to improve. Number two, the raw material cost is a figure in negative in the first half of the year as well. Three, amortization and deal costs are kind of front-end loaded a little bit as well. So you have all of those 3 things impacting the first half of the year disproportionately. So that's why we're lower right now, and it will improve over the course of the year.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I'm not going to forecast, but I will tell you this that we still remain committed to 50 basis points a year in terms of operating leverage. Some years we get it, some years we don't. Some years we get more or less. We're working very hard on it. We haven't really talked through ReLoCo I, ReLoCo II as part of the call today. Those programs are on track, number one. Number two, on the G&A side, the shared service centers are still in investment mode. In a year or so, they start to turn positive. We talked through the EVEREST impact, that EVEREST goes up next year then it starts to flatten out, and so we haven't -- and then the investments in emerging markets we're comfortable that they are going to pay off. We're seeing good progress on those pieces. Then lastly, we have the new products that I spent a lot of time on the prepared remarks going through and those new products have good margin. So there's a mix impact as well. And lastly one other factor, which is this growth in Safety that we're talking about with both Europe doing well and starting to do better and emerging markets doing well, those are a whole series of factors that factor into our analysis on the margin going forward.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Peter, no. If you go back and look at last year, we had an unusual pattern in the first quarter, where R&D spiked in the first quarter because of some timing on some projects. So no, it's just an anomaly in the spending pattern.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure, Gary can do that for you because quite frankly, we're having some good growth in those other markets as well.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So Big Pharma was certainly a new change we were not seeing in the fourth quarter, number one. Number two, on the academic and NIH side, there was a bigger impact than we anticipated. We were seeing some falloff in the fourth quarter. We couldn't quite tell whether that was a trend or not so it was bigger than we thought when we gave you the guidance. On the rationalization, the rationalization certainly impacted the results. It's kind of noise in the background. I don't want to make a big deal about that, so -- and then there was just some timing on some things in the marketplace. So those are the major impacts. Now going forward, we'll have to see how the U.S. market shakes out from a research standpoint.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So let's focus on this year and as we said slightly over 100 basis points and that a little less than half of that is a rollout of a one particular situation where we were -- it was a competitive situation that a 3-year contract, a bunch of 3-year contracts were all up at the same time, and you had a competitor who had expanded their capacity and was looking to fill volume in a plant. So that's half of what we saw going into this year and was built into our expectation. In terms of the pricing environment going forward, we're not seeing any changes based on what we saw this year in the way people buy, the tender structures. And obviously, we will keep our eye on that going forward.
Vincent A. Forlenza: But most of the pricing pressure we see, the majority will be in U.S. and Europe, some small amount in emerging markets.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And Bill will talk to you about the environment. Now we would disagree. We don't have dominant positions. We've done a good job in the U.S. market, but I'll turn it over to Bill.
Vincent A. Forlenza: All right. So listen I would like to thank all of you for your questions. I'd like to say that we're pleased with the start to the fiscal year. As I mentioned, we saw some strong growth in emerging markets, good safety growth. The product launches are on track and so are our operational excellence programs. We look forward to talking to you during the balance of the year. Thank you very, very much.
Gary M. Cohen: Sure, thanks. This is Gary. So you're testing my memory a bit. I believe it's around June 2013 that the compliance -- the official compliance state occurs, although we're getting solid conversion growth already in Western Europe. We're seeing strong growth overall in a number of countries, particularly the northern countries in Western Europe. And I should also mention we're getting double-digit growth in Safety now in every market except the U.S. and Canada, which have been more largely converted with particularly strong growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific, but also EMA and even Japan. So we're just seeing strength across-the-board in the markets that still have a ways to go to full transition. And we can anticipate, particularly in Europe as we move toward that compliant state that, that growth should continue.
Gary M. Cohen: This is Gary. What our team is seeing is that while there may be some downward pressure on overall GDP growth, we're not seeing that downward pressure on health care investments. What they're tracking is the level of commitment the Chinese government has, the Central Government to rolling out the investments in health care, which clearly seem to be remaining on track. And also what's funding that are the tax revenues. And if you dig a little deeper, you see the tax revenues that the Central Government is getting are actually up. They're probably higher than what had been expected, and that's what's behind the funding for health care. So we're not seeing that slowdown. We've been asking the same question, watching the same indicators and what we're seeing so far is that the health care investments are remaining on track.
Gary M. Cohen: Well, the only thing I would about the developed world, in fact, is even now in Western Europe the picture when you look at the total continent or the area of Western Europe, it's not as clear as if you start to break it to its pieces. We have 8 country organizations in Western Europe, and 5 of those 8 are growing and some of them are growing quite nicely. Then you have, one, France where we ship all pharmaceutical systems in Europe out of France and because of the impact of pharmaceutical systems, that's down. And then Italy and Spain, as you might expect, because of economic conditions are slightly down, but we're getting very good growth otherwise from Western Europe. So even now, driven by Safety other factors, the developing -- the developed world picture there is a little better than what it looks like.
Gary M. Cohen: So we -- this is Gary. We had double-digit growth in all the emerging markets in the first quarter. We had a particularly strong quarter in EMA, Europe, Middle East, Africa, and that was some impact of year-to-year comparison. Also, particularly a lighter fourth quarter last year, but it was very strong growth in the first quarter. And that tends to be a little lumpy based on the timing of some major orders. We actually had one aspect in the first quarter around immunization sales units that was lower than expected, so -- but despite that, we had very strong high teens double-digit growth in EMA. We had double-digit growth again in Latin America. We had strength throughout all the country hub organizations in Latin America, particularly in the southern part, Brazil, Argentina, Chile. Very strong. In Asia Pacific, we had double-digit growth, which we are anticipating with our investments to sustain through the year. So we just had a really solid quarter in emerging markets right across-the-board.
Gary M. Cohen: This is Gary. I just want to mention that we, based on the nature of our businesses, have been working in a highly constrained pricing environment for many years historically. And I would say in Western Europe that may be intensifying somewhat, but it's not a fundamental change. So we're seeing governments being a little bit more price oriented in their tenders, but I would consider that more of a evolutionary rather than revolutionary change in pricing perspective and more of a continuation of what we're accustomed to. Likewise, I would say in the emerging markets, it's -- we have to know how to serve those markets very efficiently from a price and cost perspective and align what we do to the access requirements of being able to buy our products at a very reasonable cost. And that's something we're also accustomed to. So in that respect, these are not changes in the environment, let's say, like we saw in the U.S., particularly around the product that Vince mentioned.
Gary M. Cohen: Yes, just I had mentioned before, of the 8 country areas in Europe, 5 are growing quite nicely, 4 of them are growing above mid-single digits. And it's really the pharma systems impact in France and then a small decline in Italy and Spain given the economic conditions there. But I think low single digits is a good assumption for your growth.
David V. Elkins: Sure, the euro, we have a little over $2 billion in euro-related sales and we haven't broken out the other currencies other than to say that the other exposures are Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar, the Brazilian real and the Japanese yen.
David V. Elkins: Yes, I think -- it really comes down to the major movers, the euro, but obviously other currencies that have moved as well. But for the remainder of the year, obviously where we were at the first quarter was around 1.36. For the remainder of the year, we're anticipating that to be in the high 1.20s, which gets you to about a rate of 1.30 for the full year and that's versus the rate of last year, which averaged around 1.40. So that's the biggest driver. But as you know, the dollar has moved pretty consistently across most currencies.
David V. Elkins: Yes, we've continued to look at products within our portfolio that may be growing slower than the company average, but as well from a profitability perspective, from profitability perspective that we're looking to rationalize. So there are several products in order to drive efficiencies in the supply chain, we rationalize SKUs. So as we start to do away with some of those products, that impacts the sales growth the first year you do it. But again, further out years you start to see improvement as a result of that.
David V. Elkins: From a margin perspective, what we had said for the full year on our gross margins, the acquisitions would dilute margins by about 20 basis points. In the quarter, obviously, it's a little heavier when comparing versus prior year. It was around 30 basis points. As we talked about on the acquisitions from a revenue perspective, on the Accuri, it was about 1 to 2 basis points of growth we anticipate getting for the full year this year. And Carmel Pharma -- I'm about to give that number for you on what we think the full year impact is on the Medical business.
David V. Elkins: Yes, as Vince just said, it's about $20 million worth of sales in the quarter. That's relation to both acquisitions.
David V. Elkins: Yes, some of the diabetes businesses are excluded, our Biosciences and a good portion of our Diagnostics business would be excluded from the tax. So as we talked about before, it's a little more than $2 billion in revenue that would be exposed to that tax, and initial indication is 2.4%. It's around a $55 million impact to our business next year. We're going through -- as everyone else just received this on Friday, we're going through and evaluating the details and going SKU-by-SKU so we can a better figure of that. We'll let you know as soon as we finish that work. We'll let you know.
David V. Elkins: Yes, we really haven't seen any further deterioration. Pretty steady in the quarter on where it's been, so I think it's positive. We're seeing things stabilize out there.
David V. Elkins: I think the only other thing I'd add, Vince, is on the way to think about it is there has to be a deterioration from where we are today to be at the bottom end of our revenue guidance, and at the top end we would see continued improvement.
David V. Elkins: Just to clarify, the improvement in Med/Surg is globally, number one. Number two, the difficulty -- the recent difficulty that we had with Med/Surg is the pricing that we talked about. And Vince mentioned earlier one particular product in particular how that pricing pressure, which is impacting it in the last half of 2011, in the first half of 2012. So we will see improvement in U.S. as that tough comparison goes away. And then overall, we're seeing very good growth and increased confidence internationally on Med/Surg business and the fact, those 2 factors combined, is why we're bringing up the bottom end of the range on the Medical segment overall.
David V. Elkins: First off, we don't have hedges anymore in relation to cash flows. Second, in relation to how we provide guidance, we've been pretty consistent over the years on how we look at guidance in relation to movements in currency as we talked about early. Euro is our biggest exposure to the currencies. As I said earlier, it's a little over $2 billion. So we provide guidance changes in those major currencies, we updated the reported numbers. So we do, do that on a quarterly basis.
David V. Elkins: Well, we have a natural hedge and what we said is about 25% of any impact on the top line flows through to the bottom line, so that gives you an idea of the natural hedge that we have.
David V. Elkins: Yes, and recall we don't make any statements about where we think currencies are going to be. When we provide guidance, it's usually right around where the spot rates are. In November, the spot rate in the euro was around $1.38, and as we said earlier, we're at the high $1.20s when we pull together our guidance and where we think it's going to be for the remainder of the year.
William A. Kozy: This is Bill. Just 2 factors, as Vince just referenced. Number one, we saw a notable slowdown in the pharma and biotech purchasing, and this was driven mostly by significant restructuring that we saw across several of the major pharmaceutical companies as they're in the process of assessing their R&D as well as moving significant volumes of R&D offshore. And generally speaking, it touched a number of our Big Pharma customers, so that was factor one. Factor two relates to the academic and government spending and there was some uncertainty created by -- many of the discussions, by the way, that you've followed related to the NIH budget. As you know, that budget never got finalized until December 23, 2011. So we pretty much went through a whole quarter where a lot of our grant-driven procurement activities were really slowed down and delayed. So to get back to the other part of your question, Jon, the reason we've got a little bit of optimism in the remainder of the year now that the budget is set and even though it's only at a 1% increase, there is some stability in some of the understanding of available funds, and we think that will help us in the remainder of the year in terms of some bounce back. The single biggest impact in the quarter was because of this uncertainty was on high-end instruments, things like Aria, some of our high-end sorters and analyzers. And again, we know that there's a little bit of interest in those instruments and we're expecting that to be a factor also in a little bit of the U.S. recovery in quarters 2, 3 and 4.
William A. Kozy: Just to the get to the question, Accuri -- excuse me, Carmel will contribute this year incrementally. Remember, we acquired that in August of the fourth quarter of last year. So just fiscal year '12 incremental impact about $45 million of revenue.
William A. Kozy: Sure, this is Bill. Actually, our international sales in the Labware business were relatively solid, and the most significant impact of the rationalization did take place in the United States. As David mentioned, these are products that weren't contributing a lot of long-term growth or profitability to the unit. And our guidance is not in any way affected by the DL activity. We already have started that in 4Q of last year. It'll carry through our 3Q of this year and then it'll be behind us.
William A. Kozy: This is Bill. Just on the competitive environment, first of all on the infusion side, remember that we've got an array of Safety products, some of which are very new, which are launched in both the U.S. and in Europe. If you start in Europe, we did get accelerated capacity in place last year on the Venflon Pro Safety. That's the safety product for side port infusion. We're getting very, very solid growth there. We're also getting double-digit growth on our Nexiva platform worldwide. And we just launched just a few months ago, so it's too soon to talk much about the Insyte Autoguard with Blood Control, but we've got significant number of evaluations going on with that product. So we're comfortable that we're well positioned on the infusion side to compete, particularly in the developed markets. And our safety product also in China continues to grow at very high rates, well into double digits. So we think we're just fine in terms of competing in that category. We're also just starting to roll out our ReKindle product portfolio for the hypodermic side. That really doesn't complete its full array availability until we get into late second quarter or third quarter. That's more of a second-half factor. But anyhow, all those changes that I know we've talked to you about for a couple of years now starting to roll out. So we're probably a little more confident in our ability to compete around the world than we might have been even 1.5, 2 years ago.
Tom Polen: Amit, this is Tom. So, overall, we saw in Women's Health and Cancer we were 6.9% for the quarter. And if you look at actually our last few quarters, we've been growing at that rate, so we see a continued -- that's been the trend for the last few quarters and we see that trend going forward as well as certainly for the balance of this year it's sustainable and we don't see an end in...
Tom Polen: Yes, will do. Let me just finish a note there on Women's Health and Cancer specifically. So we still see the U.S. being relatively flat with the Pap volumes, relatively flat due to both low physician visits and extended intervals. X U.S. is really what's driving that growth, and we're seeing double-digit growth in nearly every single region outside of the U.S. For your other question regarding molecular STDs and then the separate question on GeneOhm, so in molecular STDs, we saw solid growth at 4.5% for the quarter. GeneOhm was a tough quarter. In fact, we were just over 1% in the quarter for GeneOhm and the mix of that is we're continuing strong double-digit growth in our C. difficile business there, north of 25% growth, but have seen that offset by a performance in MRSA and that's due to new competition driving down price in the market for MRSA as well as the rollout of some lost accounts that I mentioned last year where we are also still seeing customers hold for MAX on MRSA. Of course, we've just launched MRSA about a month ago in Europe. Sales are ramping up there, and we have MRSA in the U.S. planned for a launch in Q3.
Tom Polen: Yes. So specifically, it wasn't -- as Vince just mentioned, last year about mid-year, Roche entered into the marketplace. It had been primarily -- in fact, Roche entered in at a substantial price discount north of 30% price discount and their approach. And so we're seeing MRSA pricing down year-on-year overall about 5%, and that's where you see that impact. We've all seen pricing as an issue across the rest of the Diagnostic business. It would seem very focused within that MRSA space.
