Thomas Polen: Yes. So on the issue of the guide related to – you know that we guided Veritor at $1 billion to $1.5 billion. When you add BD MAX, that's running at around 400 in that area, so you can add that on top of that.
Thomas Polen: So the way to think about how much is within the $1 billion to $1.5 billion of revenue that we're forecasting. Our guidance assumes a certain amount of reinvestment of that. So not letting it all flow through. As you think about – if Veritors looking like it'll be above $1.5 billion, we would look to invest more than that going forward. And we would likely have some investment depending on the investments in the pipeline and we'll talk to that in a moment. And let some of it flow through to the bottom line as well. So we'll assess that as we're going through the year. But if it's over the $1.5 billion, we would look to invest more, but still allow a portion of that flow to the bottom line as well. 
Thomas Polen: Yes. David, good question. So I think if you look at it on an underlying basis, we are in that range that we're talking about that we've talked about around that 5% plus. We're in that. So if you look at we're in the low to mid-single digits in the core, of course, that has, and it maybe on that lower side of that. You've got the Alaris headwind, of course, which is still annualizing in the year as well. So that is a headwind that is built in to the core. If you take that out, you're back in right in that range that you mentioned before. So I'll let Chris add some more commentary on that. But just a reminder on that, we still do have annualization of the Alaris impact built into that.
Thomas Polen: Sure. Good questions, David. So as you think about what we've shared before, we shared 8 million tests per month by October, which we’re in. 12 million tests per month starting in March of 2021, that's our capacity ramp on Veritor. And so those capacity plans remain firmly intact and so that's the basis of our outlook that we've shared. I made the comment, of course, we do continue to monitor the supply demand dynamics of the market, and we'll provide you with any updates on additional capacity expansions beyond that if we were to make those, but we won't provide those until that capacity were to come online. So that's just a little bit of background there. As we come to ASPs, we had said $20 ASP, we did a little bit better than that in Q4, as I mentioned. But we do expect to see pricing headwinds, ASP erosion, as there are more competitors in the market now than there were at the start of Q4. And we expect that there will be other entrance. And so we would expect that $20 ASP could come down as we move through the year. Okay. Thanks, David.
Thomas Polen: Yes. Great question, Amit and good morning. So during the quarter, as I mentioned, we did observe sequential improvements across our businesses that are more elective procedure oriented, as well as in lab testing volumes. We saw them through the quarter evolve to around 90%. We've got – obviously we have access to some pretty unique information through our BD MedMined platform, which is in about 338 hospitals that gives us literally real time insights into hospital trends on inpatient admissions, ICU admissions, ER trends, ER outpatient versus inpatient, we can see that literally on a daily basis, what happened yesterday in these institutions, which are broadly distributed across the U.S. And so, as we look at that, we see hospital inpatient admissions trending around 85% to 90%, and we've posted some of this data in our deck so that we can share that more broadly. We thought there would be some information that you'd be interested in. So our projections and outlook do not assume any significant change to that on the positive nor on the downside as we think about the potential of a COVID resurgence. We do see, and as we talk to healthcare providers around the world, there's been a lot of preparation and learnings from the initial COVID surge, how to better keep facilities open, how to make patients more comfortable. We’re still coming in for elective procedures. So I think we certainly don't expect that it would retrench back if there is a significant resurgence, retrench back to the lower utilization levels that we saw last year. But of course, that's difficult to predict, and it could be somewhere between where it is today and there could be, could it stay where it is, could be, could it get better if there's not a large resurgence could be. But we've taken a more moderate kind of middle of the road assumption that it will be relatively stable as it is today as we think about our forward-looking guidance.
Thomas Polen: I think that's just an important point to reiterate Vijay as Chris mentioned, right. Because of the timing of our fiscal year, we don't anniversary the lower utilization rates from a COVID impact until Q3, right. The first and second quarter, our compares are still at a pre-COVID basis of utilization. And so that obviously has an impact on that. And so it still be – even despite that in those mid-single digits, low-single digits, and the base business is actually quite strong.
Thomas Polen: Nothing looking forward, but obviously a lot of impacts throughout the year, lumpiness from the COVID drop through and what have you. We did a lot to offset that. We reduced the inventory levels as we talked about. So it did feel like a lot of lumpiness, but we were able to offset a good portion of the drag to be in a solid position as we exited the year. But going forward, I don't see anything that would be lumpy in nature.
Thomas Polen: Yes. Good questions, Brian. So the double install base of over 50,000 does include those that have been put in the nursing home. As I mentioned, we are looking at what additional menu we can put on that platform. We have a number of opportunities that we think are pretty exciting. Of course, we've never had an install base in the nursing home segment itself. And so part of that work that we've done is actually identifying what specific assays are relevant to the nursing home segment. There's other segments that we now have Veritor placements, and we wouldn't have looked at before in terms of – is there some unique menu that is more relevant to these segments that haven't been traditional call points for us. And so we're actually just wrapping up. We've just wrapped up that work. And again, we'll be using. That'll be an area of investment is in additional menu expansion on Veritor, where you reinvest some of those profits to add additional menu that we think are relevant to some of the new call points that we have Veritor placed in. So we see longevity there beyond the COVID-19 testing itself. Of course, as you know, we are expanding the menu there, very actively working on our COVID-19 flu assay. As we've always said, we’ll provide timing on that when we're ready to – when we get EUA, and we launched that same thing on BD MAX beyond the assay that we've already launched in Europe with our partner CerTest. So we feel really good about the momentum on Veritor. We hear great feedback from our customers on that. And again, we do see longevity on the install base, not only for COVID-19, which as I mentioned before. We think we'll have more longevity. If you ask me this time last quarter, said how much testing is going to happen in FY2022? I would just say that I feel more confident today that there will be longer testing runway beyond 2021 of COVID testing into 2022 and potentially beyond. Obviously then our work on adding menu to that will prolong the growth opportunities for Veritor beyond the COVID window. Thanks Brian for the call. Go ahead.
Thomas Polen: Yes. We're looking at that Brian. And again, if we decide to do that, we'll share that when we're ready to launch it. But I would just say at this point, particularly in developed markets, we are very confident in the value that the instrumented platform brings. Again, just as a reminder, our instrumented platform is at a very different cost base than most any other instrumented platform right in that $250, $300 range. So it's not a significant capital, it’s not a challenge for any customer when it comes to that. It wouldn't even be a challenge significantly to bring it into the home necessarily, and we get the benefits, right. Remember, we’re one of the original inventors of lateral flow testing. Our first technologies were manual as we're all, and all of those technologies move to instrumented platforms because they got higher performance on flu and RSV and COVID is of course even a more critical assay to get right. And we see the benefits of an instrumented platform when it comes to sensitivity specificity. We still believe strongly in that. We continue – you've seen us put out a number of – support a number of publications, whether or not it's comparisons of technologies or recent publication, you probably saw around the role of antigen testing versus molecular testing when it comes to projecting infectivity, and that was relative to cell culture methods, which are the reference for, I believe that for patient to be infective. So we're going to continue to invest very heavily behind scientific evidence, and you can expect more of that from us. Again, it would support the value of Veritor and the technology that we're deploying.
Thomas Polen: Good questions, Larry. So when it comes to – let me take the first two and then I'll turn it over to Chris for the third. So in terms of what gives us more confidence, I think you nailed it. It's the fact that we are systematically working our way through the various testing stages. And so we've completed that much more testing since the last update. And that gives us confidence. We also continue to have very active and ongoing dialogue with the FDA around our progress. And that's why as I made earlier, we do have greater confidence in the timelines that we’ve shared last, which is late Q2, early Q3 of this fiscal year. When it comes to the hardware recalls, that's really part of our remediation of the Alaris franchise. It’s us looking at all the different complaint history and are there any further improvements we can be making to the platform. That's also part of our 43 response and activities. And so there's no other filings or anything, those are all built into the current 510(k) submission work. They do not have any impact on the timing of the 510(k) submissions.
Thomas Polen: Yes. So we're seeing still strong performance in Asia in terms of utilization. We're seeing very strong control of COVID across pretty much all Asian nations at this point. But as you mentioned Europe, we are seeing quarantine measures tighten. I would say that – again, European countries are much better prepared this time to continue to deliver care through that period of time. Can there be an impact on procedure volumes as we look forward? Yes. Out of Europe, it may be slightly less prepared, obviously there's different factors in public versus private healthcare systems as well that influenced that. But I think from what we're seeing now, we're definitely seeing better management and continued use of procedures early in this resurgence. But again, that's one of the caveats that we had to make. We can't predict the extent of everything on a forward-looking basis. And so our assumptions, we do recognize that particularly in Europe, there can be some increase, but if it's a significant increase, that would be something that’s not in our current assumptions.
Thomas Polen: And then maybe Larry, this is Tom. Let me just maybe add on a little bit to Chris's good comments there. I'd say what you're seeing us do is from in the face of a pandemic and the utilization impact, you're seeing us work our way back to that driving durable, sustainable growth, right. We all recognize the markets are anything but predictable. And we worked hard – your earlier question was, spend a lot of time thinking about that range, you can debate and should you have a wide range or a narrower range that at least keeps people from getting on either end of it, which is where we ended up at. But we believe we’ve executed well against challenges in remarkable times. So you can see us doing that as we offset the COVID headwinds this quarter. And I think if you take, for example, this year, in our worst months, we saw significant headwinds across our business. We develop COVID testing. We saw the return of procedures, and we turn a negative headwind into a tailwind, and we showed mid-single digits growth. If you think about prior to COVID, we thought about our end markets growing about 4% and our investments in R&D being in higher growth markets and select investments in tuck-in M&A further supplementing that growth. We feel still strong about that path forward to 5% plus growth that you’ve heard me talk about. And of course, what we're doing now is, this year, in fact with Veritor of course, we're going to be nearly double that level. But what we're doing is we're taking a portion of those profits and we're further investing in our growth and innovation fund. We're investing behind further growth opportunities and right, we're continuing that work on accelerating inorganic innovation or our tuck-in M&A. Again, all in the spirit of driving that durability and consistency of our growth profile. So just to summarize that, we feel good about our capabilities, our innovation, and the factors that are in our control as we think about the business going forward.
Thomas Polen: Let me comment on just at a high level perspective and then turn it to Chris to talk about kind of how we think about it within the P&L. So obviously you're going to see R&D at, what we'll call higher than a normalized level in 2021 because of the reinvestment of the Veritor proceeds. I would expect it to see that. Of course, as I mentioned, that 8% growth that you saw in Q4 were coming off of relatively flat R&D growth over the last five, six years during the synergy window. And so it is – as you mentioned, it's a notable step up and we will be continuing to increase R&D because of not just our base strategy has that in it, but we're using this opportunity to reinvest those Veritor proceeds and leveraging that growth and innovation fund and the way that we're selecting incremental projects through that process, which was a process that was very successful, obviously at BARDA and the John has helped implement here at BD. So as we think about going forward on the P&L beyond what we're going to see in 2021, I'll turn that over to Chris. But you would expect to see R&D growing in line with revenue on a forward basis beyond 2021, at least in that level.
Thomas Polen: Yes. Great question. And let me take the first one on flu and then Chris on leverage. So flu is certainly light in the Southern hemisphere, so it's unclear what the impact will be this season. I think for us, COVID obviously overwhelms the whole thing. I mean, we're selling every Veritor test we can make. So the whole balance between are we making Veritor tests or COVID tests. We're selling at this point obviously a lot of COVID tests. We are making flu tests and we are shipping flu tests. But if flu tests aren't being utilized that level, we'll make more COVID tests at least for the first couple of quarters. And then obviously we do have a combination assay in development that we look forward to launching later this year. And again, we'll give more color on that. So I think it is fair to say that, I mean, the reality is, is if people are isolated more and are wearing masks and are doing things, will there be a lighter flu season in the Northern hemisphere as well, logic would say so, but the impacts on our business, I think will be different this year because of the role of COVID and the presence of COVID.
Thomas Polen: I would say that – as we – we did see some improvements on the capital in the research area, BDB, we saw it across the Board. I’d say dispensing is another area, obviously capital part of that’s operating leases. We still do sell some in capital. But I’d comment, we did see the U.S. dispensing business returned to the modest growth in Q4. And we ended the year with strong net gains and committed contracts with a very strong Q4 in committed contracts and we ended the year net positive there from a competitive perspective as well. So we're seeing good signs there. As you mentioned, it's a little bit difficult with Alaris to fully compare that, but we were seeing the restarting of it, and we’re able to get back into labs now to do those installations, the Kiestra installation. There is a big complex, those are big complex walls, change electricity sockets, but they weren't happening throughout the pandemic that are restarting now.
Thomas Polen: So thanks everyone for the good dialogue this morning. We've shared with you the challenges, opportunities, and successes that shaped Q4 and fiscal 2020, and that are influencing our expectations for the year ahead. One thing we didn't talk about though, were the people of BD, the 70,000 associates around the globe, who rallied around our purpose of advancing the world of health at a time when the need was most urgent. So I want to close with a message to the BD team. Thank you for your focus on our purpose, for your resilience when it came to executing our most critical priorities and your willingness to embrace bold new ideas, you delivered a strong Q4 that exceeded our expectations to finish a trying year on a high note. By building on the bold actions we took in FY2020, and by continuing to execute our long-term strategy to grow, simplifying and empower, we will address healthcare's immediate needs while bringing more innovative new solutions that will support our growth across all three of our segments. In FY2021, there will be no shortage of opportunities for you to think boldly make a meaningful impact and change more lives for the better. On behalf of the entire executive team, I want to say thank you to BD associates around the world for your efforts, sacrifices, and achievements over the past year. You showed the world and each other just how vital BD is to the delivery of healthcare. Thanks again, and let's keep going forward.
Christopher Reidy: I think it's fair to say, we plan to reinvest among the initial $1 billion to $1.5 billion range. We're investing roughly 20% of the profits back into the business bump.
Christopher Reidy: Yes. I would say David, the core is strong. You saw that in the fourth quarter as well. It's doing well. The margins are improving. To your point around the 2019 to 2021, there are a number of things. We are seeing synergies from the BARDA transaction over that period of time kicking in. Then obviously it's impacted. You have to take out the COVID impact, the drag, and then the add back for Veritor. But keep in mind, if we had a bit of a drag during that period in the China VBP and the Alaris, and when you adjust for that, we are seeing growth in the margins and feel very comfortable with the long-term view of the underlying 5% and 10% on the bottom, and that's very consistent with what we've seen.
Christopher Reidy: I think to your point, we are looking – you're seeing some depression of the margins from the investments that we're making as well. So we're not letting it all flow through. We're making the investments that we outlined.
Christopher Reidy: No it doesn't imply that, we'd have to look at how you're doing the math, but it would imply more in that mid-single digits on the underlying ex-COVID testing. So thinking that 4% to 5% range, which is very healthy. We do still see the drag. As I pointed out in some of the prepared remarks, we see that tough compare in Alaris against the first quarter. We do still have the tough compare against the first half of the year in the base business until we overlap the COVID period, but then rebounding in the second half of the period. So when you cut through all of that you think in the mid-single digits for the underlying business.
Christopher Reidy: Yes. So we have to work with you on the math there too. But I think, what we're saying is if you use Q4 as a jumping off point of the year. We’re likely to have some headwinds as we talked about. And we are making adjustments for the investments that we were talking about, what have you, Veritor does lift that. But taking all that into consideration, we would expect to see some good margin growth compared to the baseline of where we were in 2020. But it doesn't quite get to the 26 number that you're talking to.
Christopher Reidy: Good question, Robbie. So, no, I think some of the cash impacts that we consider kind of below the line or having the past been integration spending in EUMDR. Those were the biggest ones. And the integration spending has been – will be lower going into 2021. EUMDR is still with us. We continue to invest to make sure we're in good shape with the regulations there. So there will be a portion of that, but the free cash flow conversion will increase in 2021.
Christopher Reidy: Sure. It’s a great question. Obviously, we've been following things very, very closely. We do see, as we said sequential improvement in our businesses. And so we took that into account. Obviously we're watching the potential for a resurgence very closely. And I think we were very clear when we gave the guidance that we're not assuming a major resurgence that would have a big impact on utilization and in elective surgeries. So we are not assuming that. And that's something that we'll have to wait and see. But at the same time, as we look at the course of the business and the way hospital systems are able to handle the current level, that gives us a certain amount of comfort and visibility as we go forward. I think the other thing that we have in here is the fact that Veritor gives us some natural offset if there is some level of utilization impact, it would probably go hand in hand over the course of the year with a bit more incremental Veritor testing. So there's some opportunity there. And obviously we have built in some piece of our investment of the Veritor revenues and we can gate that to some extent. And so with all of those things, we felt comfortable again, assuming that there's no major change in the resurgence that we could achieve the guidance that we gave.
Christopher Reidy: Yes. And then in terms of your question regarding the phasing, I'd say we commented in our prepared remarks that as we looked at the consensus, we did feel that consensus was a bit high in Q4. We wanted to correct that and that we think that some of that should be moved to the first half. I would say move a little bit more of that to the Q2 then to Q1, but Q1 is a bit light given what we're looking at. And so we just wanted to kind of get the quarterly phasing right up front out of the box as we enter the year. And so that's why we were very specific around, take it out of the fourth quarter, put it in the first half. And I would add a little bit more in Q2 than Q1.
Christopher Reidy: Yes. I think you got – for the most part, I think you are talking about it, right. Obviously, we feel good about – there's going to be a lot of movement in 2022 from a number of things on the topline. And the biggest variable obviously is what happens to Veritor and you heard Tom say, that we feel better about the testing going into 2022, but we've also said it wouldn't be prudent to assume the same level of testing in 2022 from 2021. And we'll obviously update you as we go from quarter-to-quarter. But you would expect to see some drop off in that piece. And obviously that slope, whether it's a cliff, it doesn't look like it's a cliff in 2022 right now. But it's certainly a downward slope as we think about it. And some of what we're doing in terms of the investing of Veritor spending will help mitigate some of that slope to a certain extent. So we're watching that very closely. But as we look at it, the other variable is when does Alaris revenues start coming back to pre-ship hold kind of levels. And we were very clear. We did not include anything in our 2021 guidance for that. And we're not predicting where that's going to be in 2022, but at some point 2022, we would expect that to start kicking back in. It's probably not as big a pent-up demand because of the medical necessity amounts that we've had in 2020 and potentially into 2021. But those are the things to keep in mind. But we do feel that the base business in 2022 on an underlying basis will be very solid and continue to be solid. So that's just some ways to think about it.
Christopher Reidy: Sure. So what I would say and reemphasize, we clearly are, as you said, focus on innovation, and you would expect R&D to increase. You're absolutely right that we did emphasize that 8% growth year-over-year because we need to get back to that 6% mark. We had fallen below that over the last few years, and it's important that we get back there. I think that is probably a good proxy for 2021 to use because that 6% is off of a much higher revenue base as well. So from a dollar standpoint, that's a pretty big step up. So that's a good proxy to think about is that 6% of revenue going forward.
Christopher Reidy: And I would say in terms of the 3x leverages, we're proud that we got down to 3.0x this past quarter on a net basis. And as we've always said, that was the initial commitment, but then we would expect that to continue to float down with increasing EBITDA as we go forward. And so that is still the commitment. We wouldn't want to operate just at the 3x level. We think a company like ours should be in that 2.5-ish kind of range at least. And so we would expect that to float down that way over time.
Christopher Reidy: Sure. Great question. And thanks to allow us to add some clarity there. That's exactly the thought process. As we initially looked at this, we thought that it could be very much a cliff from 2021 to 2022, and that one way to mitigate that, that cliff would be to make investments in 2021 that help us drive long-term growth, but also are kind of one-year investment boluses that will kind of mitigate that cliff to a certain extent. That logic still continues as we think about testing extending into 2022 because it wouldn't be characterized, as I said by a cliff, but it certainly the potential for a downward slope. And by making some of these investments in 2021, it would help mitigate that slope to a certain extent. The biggest variable is what that slope looks like. But I think we're very comfortable that we can do that in 2021, and then see where that testing in 2022 is going. So it's looking less like a cliff. Those investments certainly are the kinds of investments that we could make. That would be an expense in 2021, but not only would go away in 2022, but would potentially drive increases in 2022 in earnings by investing in a variety of things, R&D, M&A kind of deals that become more accretive in year two, that kind of thing. So it's exactly what your question implies what we're doing.
Christopher Reidy: Yes. It's still latter. We haven't seen the pressure yet. But as Tom mentioned, I think earlier in Q4 the ASP was a bit higher than we had signaled. But we don't think it's prudent to continue to think that that would hold up as other competitors move into the market and the different dynamics that we'll be facing as we go throughout the year. So we had originally signaled the $20 ASP and we think it was – it certainly was higher than that in our Q4. But we think that will be under pressure as we go through, and that is what we have in our guidance assumptions.
Christopher Reidy: Yes. And this is consistent with what we've said in the past. The percentage of revenue that are focused on capital is in that kind of 15%-ish range. We've said that in the past. And you might imagine where that is. It's in, in areas like KIESTRA and in the M&A side for the most part, a little bit in Biosciences. We have seen pressure on capital during the third quarter, particularly and we have seen that improve. A lot of it has to do with the inability to install during the third quarter because hospitals weren't allowing people to come in that were not patients appropriately. So we did see that pressure, we saw that sequentially improve into Q4. And so we would expect that to continue to improve through 2021 as well, and we don’t – assuming that there's no major resurgence. As we said, our guidance contemplates that assuming and being at normal levels in 2021.
Kristen Stewart: And David, the only thing I would add is that, our assumption is that we still are not getting back to a normalized level throughout fiscal 2021. So our guidance and margin forecast would still assume that the overall business continues to see headwinds on a margin perspective as we're still not back to pre-COVID levels overall.
Kristen Stewart: Yes, it's Kristen. Just to comment on that. I mean, we don't have any further data on this. It's just come from the MedMined dataset, we will say just obviously anecdotally just because of the data that we see, which is the data that you see. Certainly, I would say that there has been general apprehensiveness around patients going into care settings in the United States, which this is. This is a dataset of 338 U.S. hospitals. Just to be clear, this is a U.S. dataset. So that likely is influencing some of the trends here.
Kristen Stewart: And Crystal, we'll take just one more question just given the time, apologies to those left in the queue.
Simon Campion: Yes. Just to back that, I think we shared some survey work on the August call, and we've repeated that survey work with about 600 physicians in our Surgery and PI business. And they are seeing volumes rebound I would say significantly, their capacity is at I think quite significant level compared to pre-COVID, their office-based volumes are increasing for the most part, so the funnel of patients is pretty robust. And there's still some – what we turn rollover patients as well that are in the mix of patients that were scheduled earlier this year, but have the procedure postponed. And so they're still in the mix as well. So it's pretty robust on the elective side right now.
Simon Campion: Yes. Thanks, Tom. And again, referring to that survey that we've just completed. Certainly, the majority of physicians we spoke to reflected on patient sentiment being one of the driving factors moving here. And some significant data came out about the oncology patient set, breast cancer and colon patients in particular. The decline in screening that's happened in the early phase of COVID is going to contribute to an extra 36,000 deaths – 33,000 deaths in the U.S. from cancer because of a lack of screening in the early phases of COVID. And so as you walk around different cities in the U.S. and certainly where I live in Rhode Island, you see billboards now with hospitals and practices encouraging patients to go attend. And I think the protocols that they've implemented are certainly establishing great framework for patients to feel comfortable about it. But still, I think hospitals want to do procedures, physicians want to do them, and the big variable here is getting the patients back in for screening and subsequent procedures after that.
Simon Campion: Yes. Hi, it’s Simon. As I think over the past pre-COVID, certainly we had seen a, I think a significant rebound in our LUTONIX business in or around the 70% to 80% of Q1 2019 numbers, so before Katsanos, and so on. Over the past several months or Q3 was our Q3, that obviously deteriorated quite a lot. But I'd say coming out of September, we were pretty much at the pre-COVID levels, which were in that 70% to 80% of pre-COVID levels. That's all making sense. And again, some recent work that we've done a year ago and I just repeated, a year ago about 80% of physicians that we surveyed were less than comfortable with Paclitaxel safety based on Katsanos and based on the FDA panel and so on and so forth. And now that has flipped. The recent data that we got that has flipped that 80% are now comfortable with Paclitaxel safety and the VOYAGER data, and the data that was provided at panel and so on and so forth. I think that reiterate the safety of Paclitaxel in general and LUTONIX specifically. So it was a significant driver for us in Q4. In the peripheral business, both domestically and in Japan where we've had a really successful launch since we commercialized fully in December. And we continue to get FDA approvals on the 018 platform, and the 300 millimeter balloon platform and the low profile AV platform. So we're pretty pleased with where we are right now on LUTONIX.
