Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we stated in our press release, we're off to a good start this year, and we're pleased with our performance in the first fiscal quarter. Overall, revenues and EPS were solid. At the end of December, we completed the acquisition of Safety Syringes, Inc. or SSI. SSI specializes in the development of anti-needlestick devices for prefilled syringes and will be reported in our Pharmaceutical Systems business unit within BD Medical's -- BD's Medical segment. Growth in the first quarter was driven by our Medical and Diagnostic segments. Revenue growth was partially aided by an early flu season and favorable comparisons to the prior year period. In our Bioscience segment, we saw solid growth, which was driven by improved instrument placements in the U.S., as well as favorable comparisons to last year. We also saw strong continued growth in international Safety sales and emerging markets. As we've been discussing with you for some time now, we have spent the past 2 years making significant strategic investments in our business in the backdrop of a challenging macroeconomic environment. When we provided our full year guidance in November, we expected to see solid revenue growth, margin expansion and underlying double-digit earnings growth, excluding the medical device tax. Our underlying business performance for the first quarter demonstrates that our strategy is delivering results and gives us the confidence to raise the bottom end of both our revenue and EPS guidance ranges. Suky will provide more details on our fiscal year 2013 outlook later in his remarks. On Slide 5, we've outlined our first quarter revenue and EPS results, which I will speak to on a currency-neutral basis. The total company revenues were solid, increasing by 5.2%. Fully diluted EPS came in at $1.35, growing at 15.8% over the prior year. Now I'd like to turn things over to Suky for a more detailed discussion of our first quarter financial performance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Thanks, Suky. Moving on to Slide 16, we continue to see strong growth in emerging markets, which accounted for approximately 24% of our total revenues in the first quarter. Emerging market revenues grew 12.7% currency neutral over the prior year. We had been making significant incremental investments in emerging markets, which have sustained our strong growth and have delivered a rapid payback. We saw double-digit growth in a number of key markets, with China growing at about 24% currency neutral. We are very pleased with Safety revenue growth in emerging markets, which was up about 20% over the prior year. Now moving on to Slide 17, we see the program and product launches in our Medical and Biosciences segments. As I mentioned earlier, we recently closed on our acquisition of SSI. This enhances the safety offering in our Medical segment. In Biosciences segment, we have 2 [ph] analyzers for CD4 [ph] testing, which we have been talking about for some time now. We expect our FACSPresto analyzer to launch at the end of fiscal year 2014. Our FACSClearCount analyzer launch timing has been restated due to other investment priorities. We now expect this to launch in fiscal year 2015. On Slide 18, you will see the various product launches in Diagnostics. This past quarter, we were approved for the RSV test on our Veritor point-of-care device. So far, we have placed several thousand Veritor devices and, given the early flu season this year, we experienced accelerated demand for this product. On the MAX platform, we currently have over 15 assays in our pipeline in the areas of health care-associated infections, STDs, women's health, enteric and respiratory infections and cancer. We've built up a nice pipeline of orders and expect sales to ramp up in the latter part of our fiscal year. Of course, we will continue to update you as we make progress on our pipeline initiatives. On Slide 19, before we open the call to questions, I'd like to reiterate the key messages from our discussion today. First, we're pleased with our solid start to fiscal year 2013. We continued delivering on our commitment of improved performance. Second, as we're starting to see notable results across the P&L as a result of our investment cycle, we're experiencing solid revenue growth, driving margin expansion and delivering a higher quality of earnings. Third, we will continue to look for strategic acquisitions and continue our investments in R&D, new products and emerging markets, as well as our operating efficiency programs. Finally, we're positive about our outlook for the balance of this fiscal year, and we are committed to delivering 4% to 4.5% currency-neutral revenue growth and about 10.5% to 11% EPS growth, excluding the device tax and impact of foreign currency. Through the hard work and dedication of everyone here at BD, we're continuing to deliver value to our customers and shareholders worldwide. Thank you, and we'll now open the call to questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: David, in the -- so I agree with everything that Suky said, and a lot of things did go well within the quarter. And we are seeing strong underlying business performance in emerging markets, in Safety. Biosciences, we are assuming some degradation in the budget, maybe a 3% impact or so. So we have -- we did see a nice return with customers buying higher-end instruments. We're a little conservative maybe there in terms of go forward. We'll have to see actually what happens in Biosciences. The other thing that I'd just point out to you on this quarter was that in Diagnostics, we had a very good quarter for PAS, the specimen collection business. The impact of MAX is really going to be felt more in the second half of the year because those are reagent rentals and we have to get customers up and going, and we're just really now starting to ship against a sizable pipeline. So it was more PAS in the quarter than it was Diagnostics, though other elements of Diagnostics went very well, too. So we are encouraged. It's still early in the year, though.
Vincent A. Forlenza: No, we're still really focused on doing plug-in acquisitions. I think that we're getting more confident as we do more of them, and we continue to improve our process. We're pleased with the progress of the deals that are now annualized into our base, and we feel pretty good about the ones that are -- the new ones that we did, the last 3. So we're staying on that strategy for the time being.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, we think that -- and Bill can comment further on this. What happened was that customers finally could not postpone their research any longer and that they had money set aside. They kind of came to terms with what their staffing was going to be and started to spend. And maybe you're getting more comfortable about the outlook from the -- where sequestration was going to be and kind of boxing that in. And Bill, I think maybe on the pharma side, too, we saw some good performance. Maybe you want to comment on that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So yes, we can, and really, we're seeing the pickup more in Northern Europe than Southern Europe at this point in time. So we were about 10% or so in Western Europe, not driven by Southern but by the Northern piece. So they're moving on the law, is basically what happens.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I like your [ph] editorial comment. But listen, we're very pleased with the results there, and it's across the board, across Medical. It's across PAS. It's Diagnostics, and Biosciences is doing well. So we built the basic infrastructure. We're now moving into what I would call mid-tier markets in China, expanding our [indiscernible] and our distribution partnerships. So I think we've built a strong foundation. We do think that there is a lot of runway to go in China, and we continue to see the government investing even as the economy slows down somewhat. So we are encouraged, and we think we've built a strong organization.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So pricing was a little bit better in the first quarter. You're right. We haven't gone back and changed the guidance on pricing yet. We're still watching Europe, in particular, to see what will happen there. So we'll revisit it at the end of the second quarter, but you're right. We're off to a little better start than we thought.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Are there areas where we're seeing price benefits? We didn't see the price decreases that we thought we might see, not -- it's not a pricing increase so much.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So it's the latter, which is we think we'll see a continuation of the trend that we're seeing, which is Northern Europe moving ahead, Southern Europe lagging and not moving ahead aggressively in Safety. In terms of emerging markets, we think we have it paced right because, in addition to the fact that we're adding people, there is a very large training component to what we do as we bring on sales force, as we sell value. If we were just going aggressively for share and not really trying to optimize the value of what we're selling, we could probably go faster. And then there's a whole piece of distributor management that we're putting in place. And lastly, very important to us is compliance. And we don't want to get ahead of ourselves from a compliance standpoint and making sure that we really have the organization trained up. Having said all that, if we think there's an opportunity to go faster, because these do pay back in about 12 months or so, 12 to 18 months at the outside, we would certainly look at that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. So it's a small amount of share because we're right in the beginning of this right now. We're just really starting to ramp up.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I would say there's less uncertainty than there was 3 or 6 months ago, and that -- the head of the NIH has been doing conference calls with the industry, with the customer base, talking about his expectation in terms of how he sees things going forward. So I think that people are beginning to understand what the future is going to look like in terms of funding, not exactly but over a smaller range. And I think that helped the market in terms of moving ahead. And so we'll see if that plays out or not, but that's what I see is different from where we were 6 months ago.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So in terms of Biosciences and competitive position, we feel very good about the core business and its competitive position. I think we feel better about it than we did 6 months ago now, with the acquisition of Sirigen and the technology and product array that, that brings in the reagent space. So we feel very good about the core flow business. If I look at BD AB, which is a small piece of it, it's still very embryonic for us. And it's under $100 million. It's making progress. It has a long way to go. So still much to do in that piece. You would expect that, as across the entire company, we'll continue to look for plug-in acquisitions. We don't feel the need to do something real large in that space. We think we have adjacencies that we can move into and build out very nicely in the bioscience space as funding comes back into this space. And we think that has to happen over the long run.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So the competitive advantage is going to be different by product area. I'll let Bill comment on what we're doing in the Medical side of things [indiscernible] nice [indiscernible] please start there, and we can talk about the rest of it in a bit [ph] .
Vincent A. Forlenza: Just to add to that, in addition to the [indiscernible] also focuses that were just mentioned, we do a lot of work on clinical knowledge transfer and training of our customer base. And in fact, we have signed 3 different memorandum of understanding with the Chinese government on infection control. So this is not just about product for us. This is about bringing knowledge. And lastly, we've had a very nice innovation story going wrapped into that knowledge transfer as we develop products on the Medical side, in particular in infusion therapy, for the Chinese market. And as Bill mentioned, not only were they made for that marketplace, but they're produced there. So we have an excellent cost base. So we feel pretty good about our position, and we're gaining share.
Vincent A. Forlenza: That's right. We expected it in Q2. It came more in Q1, which is a little unusual. Mostly, it comes in Q2. So you hit the nail on the head.
Vincent A. Forlenza: We really -- there's no way for us to actually quantify that, Kristen, because it's just general demand as people going into hospitals. The primary benefit, of course, we see in Diagnostics. We see it in the flu testing categories, and we do see it somewhat in BACTEC sales, bottle sales, because once you see the elderly in the hospital, there will be other infections and those sorts of things that happen along with it. So it's more in Diagnostics than any other place [ph] .
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. Thank you for your participation on our call this morning. We had strong business and product performance along with excellent performance in emerging markets. We are very happy to see the ReLoCo benefits really kicking in from a cost-reduction standpoint and our efficiency programs moving forward. And lastly, we're continuing on the strategy of our plug-in acquisitions and deploying our capital, and we really look forward to updating you on the year next quarter. So thanks very much.
Suketu Upadhyay: Sure. So from a top line perspective, we did see a very good quarter, and we saw some, what I'll consider, durable gains in some of our businesses. We're seeing some very strong underlying growth in emerging markets, in Safety sales, and it's quite good to see a return to growth in U.S. Biosciences. But as we did mention, we did benefit from about 50 basis points of an early flu season. That flu season and those level of sales were contemplated in our full year guidance. We expected those to happen in the second quarter, and they actually came through in the first quarter. So that was probably one of the biggest moving pieces as to why we think our top line will moderate going forward. Also in the first quarter, we benefited from what we'll consider very easy comparisons to the first quarter of last year. So once you neutralize those 2 items, we had a small amount of acquisition growth in the quarter, we think we're somewhere in that 4% to 4.5%, which is the top end of our range that we previously provided. That's giving us the confidence. So if you think about our full year guidance last year, 3.5% to 4.5%, we reserved the bottom end for some macroeconomic uncertainties. Those uncertainties are still out there, but again, the fundamentals and underlying business give us the confidence to raise the bottom end.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. And on your question, David, around foreign currency, you're correct. We do see a tailwind versus our previous assumption and primarily around the euro. So previously we guided at a full year rate of about $1.27. We've now got an assumption of about $1.32, which translates to $1.33 for the remaining 3 quarters. This translates to about a 4% benefit. So when you take that against the top line, it's worth about $80 million, and that's completely reflected in our new reported growth acceleration of about 100 basis points on the top line and 150 on EPS. There's some moving parts in other parts of foreign currency, the yen is weakening, but those unfavorable impacts are being offset by strengthening across the peso, rupee and a few other smaller currencies. So really it's about the euro, and as I said, we've baked that into our reported guidance going forward.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, so great question, David. So first, from a gross margin perspective, it's not uncommon in our business to see lumpiness throughout the year. In fact, if you look back at 2012, between the high and low point on gross margin, there's about a 150 basis point spread. So we think we're at the high point for the year on gross margin. We do expect it to normalize for the remainder of the year. We do think we're confidently at the upper end of that gross profit range that we provided, which is somewhere in the neighborhood of about 50 to -- excuse me, 40 to 50 basis points of gross margin improvement year-over-year. Again, we're going to see some down quarters coming off of this quarter because of some onetime benefits. From an operating margin perspective, again, as we talked about in November, our 50 basis points of underlying growth is primarily driven by gross margin. So as I talked about gross margin, you could basically translate that to operating income.
Suketu Upadhyay: That's right. So we're still committed to the $500 million of share repurchases for the full year. As Vince quite rightly said, it's a balance. We try to take into consideration our U.S., x U.S. cash position but also maintain enough flexibility to take advantage of strategic M&A, other investments, et cetera.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, that's exactly it. It has to do -- it's multivariable, very complex but has to do with where -- what region product has produced that, when it's produced, what rate it's used opposite, when it goes into inventory and is released in an inventory and what region it comes out and what FX rate it comes out at. So that's one of the reasons that's driving the favorable FX in the quarter. Again, we expect that to neutralize for the full year. If that assumption changes, we'll update you throughout the year.
Suketu Upadhyay: Rick, just one thing to close out on the Safety piece around the U.S. We did see a soft quarter, but for the full year, we expect to be somewhere in about the 4% to 5% range in the U.S. and as Bill mentioned, primarily driven by the SSI acquisition.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, sure. So raw materials in the quarter from a GP impact were about 40 bps, and that's primarily if you think about what we were talking about last year, we saw in the first quarter a really big headwind on raw materials. So we're benefiting, one, from underlying improved pricing on raw materials but also partly due to a favorable comp. As we think about the full year, we're looking about 20 basis points of gross margin improvement. We are seeing a slight tick up in crude prices quite recently. But as we've talked about before [indiscernible] anywhere 3- to 9-month lag on how those crude prices translate into resin prices. But overall, the upside that we see in raw materials is included in our guidance.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. So versus the first quarter of 2012, overall 210 basis point increased, 90 [ph] driven by foreign currency. We talked a little bit about that based on Kim's question earlier. So I'll really talk more to the underlying drivers, which were about 120 basis points of improvement year-over-year. So resins, this year, we talked a little bit about, accounted for about 40 of that basis points. ReLoCo, again, we're still firm on $40 million to $50 million of incremental benefit in FY '13. That accounted for about 60 [ph] basis points, and then we had other continuous improvement and other benefits that were worth about 50 basis points. So those are, by and large, the biggest moving pieces. We also had price erosion of about 30 basis points, but again, it's more than offset by some of those more fundamental underlying gains.
Suketu Upadhyay: So interest income, we expect for the full year to be at about $25 million to $30 million. Interest expense, we expect to be somewhere around $130 million to $140 million for the full year.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. So primarily that $0.08 relates wholly to FX on the reported line. So if you think about -- I talked about the euro improvements of the 4% versus our previous guidance. That translates to about $80 million for the full year from a revenue perspective. Internationally, about 25% of that drops to net income. If you take that across our shares, average shares outstanding, you get to about $0.08 for the full year, which is what we've taken our guidance up on the midpoint.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. So we talked about $10 million increase year-over-year into 2013, and as we've said, this will be the plateau. We don't expect a major tailwind into '14 as the depreciation then kicks in. And then you're absolutely right, Kristen. On ReLoCo, it's $40 million to $50 million. That's the incremental portion year-over-year. So I just wanted to make sure that, that was clear as well.
Tom Polen: Yes. This is Tom Polen. So we are continuing -- as Vince mentioned, we're continuing to be pleased with early customer excitement and demand around the BD MAX. We have built a backlog of orders and are shipping against that, as Vince mentioned. Also, as he said, we do expect it to take several quarters. We're into the latter part of this year to see that ramp, and that remains part of our outlook for the balance of this year but remain very positive on MAX and continue to get that feedback from our customers.
Tom Polen: Sure. Pipeline continues to progress as we've communicated previously. Of course, we do remain very focused on menu expansion, and our third IVD assay in the U.S., Cdiff, remains under FDA review, and we're still expecting a launch on that later this quarter, Q2.
Tom Polen: Yes, this is Tom Polen. We have not commented specifically on the size internationally versus U.S. on that. What I would comment perhaps on the women's health is, as we've shared, our Viper LT platform is scheduled to launch x U.S. at the very end of this fiscal year. That does remain on track. We actually have started to install the first Viper LTs x U.S. as part of our clinical trial. That clinical trial is actually enrolling patients, running samples right now, preparing for the launch of HPV x U.S. So we do recognize that, with that launch of our HPV at the end of the year, combined with the launch of our Totalys front-end automation system at the -- on the psychology side of women's health, we will be in a very strong position, we believe, going into FY '14 around the women's [ph] portfolio. In terms of the U.S., Cdiff [indiscernible] does [ph]. Maybe just the only thing I would comment on is we do believe that continues to remain an overall attractive market. It's growing strong double digits as a market overall and remains relatively still underconverted from EIA to molecular, right? Still under 25% of the market is converted to molecular, and so we see that having a positive growth outlook going forward.
Tom Polen: Sure. Sure, Amit. This is Tom Polen. Specific on molecular and women's health, so molecular was flat to slightly positive growth in the quarter driven by STD testing. That's a combination of our STD business, GeneOhm and MAX that I just commented on. If you think about women's health, women's health was down in the low single digits this past quarter driven by negative U.S. growth, which was partially offset by continued strong double-digit growth internationally. And that's been a trend that we've reported for the last several quarters. The extension of Pap intervals in the U.S. really driving that decline in the U.S. market while expanding access to cervical cancer screening and conversion from conventional to LBC internationally is driving that double-digit growth in the rest of world.
Tom Polen: Brian, this is Tom. Nothing unusual, just normal process, and we have provided any additional information and our active discussion with them, but we'd consider this routine.
Tom Polen: Yes. And this Tom Polen, just following up on your question regarding microbiology growth. So we have not historically commented on outlook on microbiology growth specifically, but what I will say is that we are seeing some favorable growth in that area driven by new products. Specifically, as Vince mentioned earlier, Veritor is off to a very good start. We're now at about 4,000 placements roughly on the Veritor platform. Obviously, that increased base combined with an early flu season has really benefited that launch, specifically. And as we've commented on in the past, our acquisition of KIESTRA and really the -- that solution as it comes to helping our customers improve lab efficiency and deliver faster time to result is also going very well. And we expect continued strong performance in both of those areas through the balance of the year.
Tom Polen: Sure. This is Tom. We don't comment on share specifically, but what I can say, as I mentioned, the -- as you think about Veritor, of the 4,000 roughly placements that we've made to date, the majority of those are going into the physician office, which is a new market for us, right? We've traditionally had rapid tests only CLIA moderately complex for the hospital market. Veritor is a CLIA-waived product, our first ever CLIA_waived product. So a large number of those are new markets for us. The other thing I would say is that the growth that we're getting with Veritor today is driven primarily by flu, as Vince mentioned. We recently, we've launched RSV. We do have Strep A under active FDA review right now, and we are expecting that to launch later on in the quarter. In Q2, we expect approval there. Of course, Strep will help provide a bit less seasonality to the product as well as that tends to be a condition which can occur at different times than just flu itself. So overall, we're very pleased with the progress of Veritor and expect continued progress moving forward.
Tom Polen: So Matt, this is Tom Polen. Just to answer your question, we expect there will be -- there are certainly going to be reflection points as we have series of assay launches, right? The launch of any platform like this is highly dependent upon menu expansion, which is an area that we're very, very focused on. So today, we have GBS and MRSA as approved products in the U.S., as I mentioned before. Cdiff is under active FDA review, and then we have a series of assays which are expected to launch in early FY '14, including enteric bacterial assay and GC/CT Trich assay among those. So we are, as Vince mentioned earlier, shipping now against a nice backlog that we've built. We are seeing positive customer demands and are expecting to see that ramp in the second half of the year.
Tom Polen: I would just echo Bill's -- this is Tom -- echo Bill's comments. We have made some significant investments in channel and Diagnostics really over the last 24 months. The other thing is I think that as we look at really offering our solutions in China and other emerging markets, really making sure that we're very careful on what products we are focused on and are launching there. So for example, for us, we recognize that emerging drug resistance is an important issue to the health care system in China, and we're specifically focused on launching our products that help combat that issue in those markets. So I would say it's -- that's building relationships with clinicians and key opinion leaders and experts in very deep ways, as we're combating issues which are very important to them that make us a partner not only now but give it some legs going forward as other competitors may enter the space.
William A. Kozy: Sure. The impact, the favorable impact, which Vince referenced earlier, was really in the high end analyzer. We had Aria placements and LSR II placements perk up a little bit in the quarter. And then as we had, I think, projected prior, continued strong growth coming out of Accuri. So the combination of those high-end sorters, analyzers and Accuri moved our instrument growth back to a little bit healthier level than we experienced at any time in FY '12.
William A. Kozy: Sure. SSI -- this is Bill Kozy, Rick. SSI pulls us into this passive safety syringe market, particularly focused on the prefill side, and gives us a chance to really expand our product array with our -- particularly our big pharma customers, who are showing a little increased interest in safety platforms going forward. So you're familiar with the existing product that we had, which was not passive. This rounds us out on the other side and gets us into that new space. And we've got a reasonable amount of strategic interest on our part but as well as our big pharma customers. So we're enthused about bringing that into the BD portfolio.
William A. Kozy: No, those products are already on the market. That is not a start-up scenario. It's a small revenue-based business but already with a customer base and a pipeline of potential new customers, which we're inheriting and pursuing.
William A. Kozy: This is Bill Kozy. The only thing I'd add is that to the investment theme, we have formalized our game plan for R&D investment targeted at emerging markets, and we're just in the start-up mode of placing R&D capabilities in the Asia-Pacific rim. We'll give you some more color on that, but to your good question about how are we thinking about making sure that we can back up that higher growth expectations going forward off a bigger base, this localized R&D competency is something we're enthused about.
William A. Kozy: Sure. We continue to see really strong pen needle demand and think about the strategy in the business focused on a couple of things. Number one, we really had tried and I told a couple of years ago, we're going to roll out a series of 5 major new products that were designed to contribute both on volume capture, but as well as to improve our price. Because of the timing here in the first quarter, you're seeing the benefits of PentaPoint, Nano, Pearl, the safety pen needle, as really the examples really starting to impact that growth rate. We admit that the first quarter was a little bit hot, but we're just comfortable that the new products are allowing us to compete effectively all around the world.
William A. Kozy: Sure, this is Bill Kozy. We are aware of the launch and are particularly focused on the U.S. as we understand it at this point in time. So as you would expect us, our sales and marketing plan and our programmatic response to that is in place. As I just mentioned, we feel good about the number of new products that we have launched in the U.S. market and as well as the customer acceptance of those new products. So you'll see us take, I think, an assertive position, of course, to try and defend the competitive position we've gained over the last 5 years and to work with both our diabetes patient, as well as our channel to do the best we can to defend our position.
William A. Kozy: Sure. Just a couple of quick ones. We, right now, have got a little over 500 people trained and in the field, and we think that's one source of potential advantage. Number two, we have ramped up our Medical production, making products in China for China. We think that's another source of advantage. We've significantly expanded our capabilities to sell the Diagnostics products, and I may ask Tom to talk about that in just a second. And we've done the exact same thing down the Biosciences side. So we're at a stage where we've got sales competence across all 3 segments. We've got reasonable scale established in the Tier 1 market. And as we've historically done, we try and get that capability established before we move into the more challenging segments, which is the reason we're now pushing the button to move to the next tier. We think we're at a stage both in field sales, product supply and, by the way, internal infrastructure in China to be able to go after that segment in a very definitive way. Let me ask Tom to comment on the Diagnostics.
