Vincent Forlenza: Thanks, Sherry. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before turning the call over to David to review our second quarter results in more detail, I would like to briefly comment on some of the highlights regarding the quarter results, which are noted on Slide 4.  As Ed stated in our press release, we are very pleased with our second quarter results, which were in line with the company's expectations. Our overall revenue growth for the quarter was solid. BD Medical revenue growth was primarily driven by Diabetes Care and Pharmaceutical Systems. BD Diagnostics, on the other hand, grew less than expected.  We experienced an exceptionally mild flu season. As a result, we saw reduced testing levels in most of our Diagnostics businesses, which was partially offset by strong growth in our cancer diagnostics and molecular STD product platforms. Finally, we are continuing to see an improvement in our Biosciences segment.  Overall, we are quite pleased with the company's performance in a difficult environment. Our second quarter and year-to-date earnings results provide us with the confidence to reaffirm our adjusted EPS guidance for the full fiscal year. Moving to Slide 5, you will see that the company experienced solid top line and strong bottom line growth for both the second quarter and our six-month year-to-date results. For the second quarter, our revenues grew 7%, or 6.6% on a currency-neutral basis. We experienced strong adjusted EPS growth at 8.5%, or 16.2% on a currency-neutral basis. For the six-month year-to-date results, revenue growth was 9.3%, or 7.8% currency neutral. Adjusted EPS grew at 6.6%, or 14.1% on a currency-neutral basis. Before reviewing our guidance for the fiscal year, I would like to briefly mention that throughout our commentary, we will be discussing two types of flu: the pandemic flu, which has had a positive impact on our year-to-date revenue growth; and the seasonal flu, the absence of which has had a negative impact on our revenue growth. David will cover the impact of the pandemic flu-related revenues on the company later in his remarks. Now let's move on to Slide 6, which looks at our guidance for fiscal 2010. You may recall that our previous revenue guidance was at about 7%, or about 6% on a currency-neutral basis. We have adjusted our reported revenue growth to approximately 6% to reflect the strengthening dollar.  On a currency-neutral basis, we continue to expect revenues to increase approximately 6%, which is in line with our previously communicated guidance. With that said, we are reaffirming our previous guidance for adjusted EPS to increase 2% to 4% to $5.05 to $5.15, or 8% to 10% on a currency-neutral basis, excluding the healthcare reform charge. Now I'll turn the call over to David to review our financial results.
Vincent Forlenza: Thank you, David. Moving to Slide 22, I would like to provide you with the latest news surrounding the pending EU Healthcare Worker Safety legislation. The publication by the EU Commission of the directive is imminent and could be published within the next couple of months, around May or June of 2010. Once the directive is published, the member states have three years from the publication date, in which to adopt the directive and bring into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this directive. You can see on Slide 22 some of the key dates that reflect the progression of the legislation and the projected timeline for adoption. With this adoption schedule, we are not projecting any changes to our revenue guidance. Before we open the call to questions, I would just like to reiterate that we are very pleased with the company's performance in a difficult environment that has been challenged by lower hospital admissions and an exceptionally mild flu season. The diversity of our product portfolio and the company's global presence provides us with a resilient platform for growth, as you can see in our year-to-date results. Our operating margin improvements will enable us to fund strategic investments and continue to drive return to shareholders. Thank you. We will now open the call to questions.
Vincent Forlenza: Jon, when we talk with the stimulus in Japan, that's an annual position that the government makes. So I think what Bill is saying is that we don't expect that to continue in the second half of the year. What happens next year is we'll have to wait and see what the government does.
Vincent Forlenza: Western Europe was slightly down, and slightly down because of, primarily, timing issues and instruments. Government funding for instruments, we see those moving into the third and fourth quarter. Of course, Asia-Pac and China continues to be strong, and Japan was, of course, the strongest region.
Vincent Forlenza: Yes, we've wound up pretty much where we expect it to be, for the first half of our year, in stimulus. We expect it to be about $20 million in total for FY '10.
Vincent Forlenza: No, no, no, no, no, no, no. First half of the year, we basically wound up where we expect to be. We've been saying that we would wind up at, for the full year, between $20 million and $25 million, we expect it to be around $20 million.
Vincent Forlenza: Well, we think that implementation is going to take a while. I'll let Gary comment further, and it probably will proceed at different rates in different countries. But I'll let Gary comment.
Vincent Forlenza: China is actually a fairly small part of the Diagnostics business, so it wasn't one of the real big growth drivers for us. But Philippe, do you have anything else to...
Vincent Forlenza: And we think that, that life science market, not just for us, but for other companies as well, with a strong stimulus impacts out there.
Vincent Forlenza: You're right, it was lower than actually we had expected in the first half of the year, and that was due to some both some hiring delays and some timing on some clinical trials, which are occurring in the back half of the year. So this is not a change in strategy in terms of our intend to continue to accelerate and drive our programs. It's really just implementation issues in the businesses. And so in conversations with the businesses, each all three of the businesses are indicating that they will be ramping up R&D in the second half of the year.
Vincent Forlenza: I'll take the U.S. first then I'll hand it over to Gary for some comments on Europe. But we really haven't seen a significant change in the pricing environment in the United States over the last couple of quarters. It's always price competitive, but maybe in molecular Diagnostics, a little bit more price competition in the STD segment. But other than that, I would say that it's been pretty constant. We're not seeing big changes in our distributor's policies in terms of inventory either. At this point in time, it didn't have any big impact in the quarter. So we don't have any other expectation except for our normal expectation that, as we continue to improve our supply chain performance, which is quite good, they're always looking to tweak their inventories and see if they can take them down, but we don't expect any major changes. With that I'll turn it over to Gary.
Vincent Forlenza: So we're really not ready to talk about that, and as we were saying. We think we have a little time to better understand that as we've got a three-year implementation probably window here with -- as we were saying before, publication is probably in the next couple of months, and then they have up to three years to implement. We do think that it's probably going to be different than in the U.S. by business, and we're quantifying that because the infusion opportunity is probably a little less in Europe than it was in the United States with good opportunities we think at hypodermic and PAS, but we're still getting our arms around those.
Vincent Forlenza: Yes, I'm going to give you a quick answer to that and then we're going to have to move on in light of the line that we have for questions. But the MRSA marketplace, we are below where we hope to be. We think we're going through a bit of a transition. We're just launching the new version of our MRSA test and customers are just starting to evaluate that. We've had a little initial success, Cdiff is going well. Certainly, the market growth has been suppressed a little bit because of what's going on in the environment.
Vincent Forlenza: So those products were in the Medical business, in the infusion therapy area specific to European catheters basically.
Vincent Forlenza: Well, I don't think it really changes our confidence and our ability to grow revenues. It gives us a lot of confidence that Europe is actually moving ahead on this. As Gary said, we don't think this is a step change situation, we may see some ramp up over the next couple of years depending on the country and then if they could ramp up after that. So I think we feel very good about the European safety opportunity. It's probably not that big an opportunity in the next 12 months.
Vincent Forlenza: What we're guiding is that the currency impact this year is about 17%, this is just the currency impact of the hedge loss of about $0.12, so the net effect is $0.05. As you start to think about fiscal year '11, that hedge loss of $0.12 won't repeat. So where you got to in the end is the right answer. Now what's going to happen with currency next year is anybody's guess. We're pretty much looking at forward rates this year as where we are today in that 135 range. And if we finish out the year at 135, we'd probably be about 140. So it really comes down to what you assume the exchange rate's going to be for next year. And also, remember that your 60% of our business just about outside the United States, so it's also just not the euro that would be impacted by it, it's the other basket of currencies as well. But that's the way for you to think about. It's really the $0.12 hedge loss is what won't repeat next year.
Vincent Forlenza: I'd be happy to just follow-up with you with a call just to go through to some detail, because I know we have a bunch of other folks on the line still waiting for questions. So Kim, Sherry and I will follow-up with you to get through the hedging.
Vincent Forlenza: So we expect that in the short run, we're going to continue to see good growth out in Asia-Pacific driving it, the stimulus funding in the U.S. in the second half of the year. So those will be more of the growth drivers than Europe for the second half of the year.
Vincent Forlenza: Well, the push-button needle program continues to be a strong growth driver. What we said is that in the United States, we're about mid-30s converted to push button, and we had good performance with push button in the quarter. Now if you look at the overall performance of the business, the business suffered from a lack of testing that occurred in the United States. We saw testing decreases in the hospital market and in the clinical lab market, driven by lower hospital admissions. So that took us off the trend line. But Gary can comment a little bit more specifically on the push button.
Vincent Forlenza: It will be great for Philippe to give you quick update on our progress so far, because we're making some good progress.
Vincent Forlenza: No, the growth in the TriPath business is not based on pricing, it's based on instrument placements and reagent volumes. So that business, it's not a price play.
Vincent Forlenza: It wasn't product related. In the Healthcare Reform Bill, there's an impact on tax deductibility of retiree prescription drug coverage, and we had a deferred tax asset that we had written off, because going forward, it won't be tax deductible, so you wouldn't get that benefit. That's the only charge that we'll have associated with that looking forward. The other major factor from a medical tax perspective is the -- from medical devices, there's a 2.3% tax that will go into effect in 2013. If you take a look at our U.S. sales in 2009, that's about $3.2 billion. About 20% of our products or 20% of the value of our sales will be excluded from that tax and that's more of a consumer-type products. So therefore, that tax, if you did in on a 2009 basis, would be about $60 million.
Vincent Forlenza: Well, it's really too early to say what the specific dynamics on that or going to be. The entire industry is going to have to pay that tax. From a volume standpoint, we think that there will be some increase. Really hard to quantify at this point in time, because people are being treated. We think that the preventive care is going to be something that will be new in the system, so there will be some positive impact, but very difficult to say at this point.
Vincent Forlenza: We thank all of you for your very thoughtful questions on the call. We're very pleased, once again, with our first half performance. And as we look towards the second half of the year, as we said, we expect the underlying performance to be -- once we neutralize for the flu to be very similar in the second part of the year, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. So thanks very much.
Philippe Jacon: Sure. So we will looked at this, and what we say right now is that if we exclude the impact of the flu pandemic, it could be about 5% growth for the year. The quantification of the seasonal flu is a little bit more of a difficult issue because the comparison is always a little bit difficult to do, compared to previous year. So this one here, we don't really guide on these seasonal flu. But on pandemic flu, it would be about 5% year-on-year.
Philippe Jacon: Well, two things. It's certainly the infectious disease testing, overall. And we have some data that we got from various sources. One from IMS and it's clearly showing that in the three months, December to February, all the infectious disease testing have been going down over 8%. So this is a big impact on testing, and also, it's linked to less admission in the hospitals. We saw a little bit of a rebound in March, but nothing that could compensate what we've seen between December and February. So I think this is really about our Point of Care franchise. It certainly goes also into our blood culture because less sepsis testing has happened during the quarter, as well as IVSD testing. And certainly, we see also linked to the less admissions and lower testing in the labs that our Pre-Clinical System business also has been impacted by that.
Philippe Jacon: On GeneOhm, the sales of GeneOhm, there's a little bit of an anomaly this quarter as compared to the previous quarter of the same quarter last year, which is in Q2 of fiscal '09, if you recall, at the time we said that we were recurring a one-time payment of royalties, that of course did not really happen this quarter. So if we exclude that, the growth of GeneOhm for the quarter is about 8% compared to the same quarter of last year. Now if we look at the TriPath, our TriPath growth quarter-on-quarter is close to 9%, so we are also very pleased with the underlying market growth year-on-year, it's about 9%.
Philippe Jacon: No, I don't have the exact numbers here in front of me. What I can say is it's a pretty rapidly growing region for us. It's strong double digits. Certainly close to 30% growth that we see in China right now. But within your -- like everybody else, we see a lot of new hospitals, higher population that is getting tested also, and so a lot of investment in that field. But that's about what I can say today about the growth of China. That's going to be an important country for us.
Philippe Jacon: Yes, absolutely. Again you said it, we are really hitting our milestones with BD MAX, so actually it's kind of two phases. And we're going to start selling the two color which was the existing one in Europe, and we are shipping it next month. Actually, we already have customers there taking their product, and our Group B Strep test. And we are hitting all the milestones in R&D, developing the platform in six colors that, these days, we confirmed that the launch will occur at the end of '11, beginning of '12 as we said previously at Armenia [ph] (1.05.40).
Philippe Jacon: Yes, I think, again, we have a capital expenditure receivables recent rental, so the market is kind of a split between the two. So it's not as critical as we may see in other businesses. So overall, I think we see a little bit of an easing -- the market is being easing a little bit on capital expenditure right now and we see our customers being ready to take on new platforms. So we've got some actually pretty good placements in the second quarter. Unfortunately, offset by less admissions and lab testing that's been bringing down. But in terms of the instrument themselves, the trend is pretty good.
Philippe Jacon: It's not very different, but I would say these are competitive markets where with most of what we do is we kind of bidding processes and so on. So I would say there's a little bit of tension on the pricing more in the, I would say, Standard products like prepared, plates and media, things like that. We probably raise it. It's pretty stable. So nothing really to report that would change the picture of the business really at this stage.
Philippe Jacon: We will start with the HAI assay which are MRSA and CD. So again the launch day that we have and again we confirm and we're very optimistic about that is by the end of 2011, beginning of '12. So it's, yes, one year.
Philippe Jacon: MRSA and CDs are the two main assays we're going to have and so then we'll continue with Group B Strep as we're having already.
David Elkins: Yes, Rick, I'll just go through EPS. Now if you recall, for the first half of the year, currency neutral, EPS grew about 14%. And what we're seeing for the full year, it's going to grow about 8% to 10%. So that means in the second half of the year, it's about 5% growth. The flu impact on EPS is around 4%. So that means if you strip 4% out of the first half, it's about 10% EPS growth, currency neutral. And if you had 4% back to the second half, that would get you to around 9%. So that 10% and 9% in the second half gets you to the range that we're guiding of 8% to 10%.
David Elkins: Yes, gross margins probably would be to the top end of the range that we had originally communicated. So we'll see some improvement because of the product mix.
David Elkins: Sure, so when we did January guidance, we said currency would have a favorable impact year-over-year about $0.23, offset by a hedge loss of about $0.16, which gave us a net gain of about $0.07. What we're guiding now is about $0.17 currency, so you'll see the impact of strengthening dollar there. Therefore, the hedge losses is only about 12, which is about $0.05. So there's about a $0.02 gain that we're losing, but we're absorbing that within our guidance. As far as going forward, as you said, we've hedged this full fiscal year. And on our cash flow hedges, we're continuing to do our regular balance sheet hedges going forward. But for fiscal year 2011, we are not intending to do any of the cash flow hedges.
David Elkins: I think it's anybody's guess on where the dollar is going to go into next year. We certainly wouldn't forecast where we are today. We do have the hedge loss this year of about $0.12 that we won't have next year, so that's one thing for you to consider. But with the volatility that we're seeing in the currencies, the foreign contracts as well as the option contracts are just very expensive right now.
David Elkins: Larry, I mean, it is something that's very much top of mind, managing our exposures in Greece, certainly in Spain. We put programs in place. We believe we're appropriately reserved in all those countries. As we've looked at it, we've increased our reserves as we talked about, I believe, in the first quarter, particularly around Greece. Our DSOs over all have been pretty consistent, so we're not seeing any major changes in our DSOs. But Greece is significantly higher. In Greece, over all, they owe the healthcare industry about $9 billion. Adamed Pharma have been working with the health authorities there to try and resolve that, but that's something we are very much keeping close eye on and making sure that our exposure's don't increase there. We are seeing in Italy and pockets within particular counties where the DSOs are increasing a bit, but it's nowhere near what we had been seeing in Greece.
David Elkins: I think we talked about revenue growth in the first half, that's about 7.8% and EPS on a currency neutral is around 14%. What we're saying in the second half of the year is around 4% revenue growth currency neutral and 5% on EPS. If you adjust for the flu, remember that two percentage points, you'd have about currency neutral revenue growth of about 6% versus 10% EPS adjusting for flu, so very consistent with what we saw in the first half of the year. And as we're seeing for the full year, we think 6% growth is what we're shooting for, for this year. And if we'd look at our -- what we compensate our sales over the next two years, what we're saying is we're shooting for that 7% growth over the next three years is the revenue growth rate that we're striving for. Also, just recall this year, we have those additional EVEREST expenses that we talked about, as well as the one-time non-cash adjustments related to the pension. So we're absorbing those costs this year as well.
David Elkins: Within the quarter, the bulk of it is mixed being offset by pensions and startup costs related to our ReLoCo program and our Medical business. And resins obviously was a bit of favorable impact as well. If you look on the first half of the year, it's pretty much split pretty evenly between resin impact and mix. And as we talked about on the first quarter call, that resin impact will switch to negative in the second half of the year. So what we've been saying is resins year-over-year will be about the same, with favorability in the first half of the year and unfavorable impacts in the second half of the year.
David Elkins: As we said, we have the favorability in the first half of the year. If you remember, you got to be careful using oil as a proxy. Last year in the first quarter, our fiscal quarter is around $118 and about $79 in the second quarter. And what we're predicting for the second half of the year, sitting here today is about where the spot rates are now in that mid-$70 range for the second half of the year. And that will be unfavorable to last year which was in the $40 to $50 a barrel was the price range, so that's our saying. for the full year, we have the favorability in the first half of this year and a little bit of unfavorable in the second half.
David Elkins: You're absolutely right, we completed the $450 million in the first half of the year, that's the conversation that we continue to have with our board. But right now, $550 million is what we're planning for this year.
David Elkins: And Evan, just for your knowledge, when you think about price volume for BD generally, the bulk of our growth is all volume. Price plays a very little impact on our year-over-year growth.
William Rhodes: It is. In fact, we saw a very strong growth in the second quarter. It contributed significant amounts. It will not be sustained through the balance of the year. It provided international growth to offset some weakness in other parts of the world. But we would say that it was an exceptionally strong second quarter.
William Rhodes: And it's not stimulus money, as much as supplemental funding. So that was released in the back part of the calendar year, which was made available in our second quarter.
William Rhodes: Yes, Vince is exactly right with regard to Pharma customers who had run down inventories last year. We now see their starting to buy back into their safety stock, so that's been an improvement for us, and that impacts our Advanced Bioprocessing business. In DL, which you're maybe thinking about is in our first quarter, there had been some lower orders from some of our distributors. But in fact, we've seen that reversing our second quarter and we've benefited from that.
William Rhodes: No, it's what we commented on before. Essentially, what we've seen here anticipated sales for the first and second quarters moving into the third and fourth, but it's dependent on, in most cases, government grant monies being made available.
Gary Cohen: I'll just add some color with what Vince has mentioned. Since in the U.S., we were dealing with, ultimately, with the national law. It had followed 26 states, passing individual laws. So therefore, we were seeing some progress there. But the national law became a uniform impact throughout the country. Whereas in Europe, even though it's a uniform policy that's being put into place, it will be implemented individually by the countries. And we're expecting some variance at how they implement. So on the whole, we're not expecting an immediate impact, as Vince had indicated. The countries have three years to move into full compliance. We think the impact will be toward the back end of that, at different rates. Plus there has been some progress already, in the absence of a legislative environment in Europe that varies by country. So some countries have moved pretty far along already, while others are still at a very early stage. That also varies by product category. So we would say, on the whole, two or three years out, we'll see more of the impact. It's going to be more of a progression than a quantum step function like we saw in the U.S.
Gary Cohen: Sure, let me give a general feel for how we're thinking about Europe, maybe in the context of how things are going globally. On the whole, we're getting very good growth out of the Asia-Pacific region with particularly strong growth in China and India, which are two strong areas of strategic focus for us, both in the near term and in the long term. We're gaining very strong growth out of Latin America. We're having a very positive year in Japan relative to past years for reasons already discussed on the call. And then in comparison, Western Europe, U.S. and Canada in terms of our outlook are more reflective of them both aiding very mature markets, also the constraints on spending. And then I think you are also getting at some of the issues that emerged in Greece and seem to be spreading a bit to some of the other countries. I'm going, in a moment, defer to David on how we're managing the credit risk there, because we've been on top of the situation in Greece for some time. And in general, manage this very tightly, particularly as we look at the other countries like Spain and Portugal. Ireland is another one that comes up in this process. But on whole, to answer your question, Europe's growth is stable, but certainly well below the company average and it's being more than offset by very strong growth in the regions that we're investing more heavily now, particularly Asia-Pacific and Latin America.
Gary Cohen: This is Gary, I'll also jump in. It's clearly an opportunity. And it's just we're trying to accurately share are outlook of how that opportunity is going to unfold. And once this is published, which is Vince indicated as imminent, it'll be three years until implementation compliance is, in effect, mandatory in EU system. Now whether every country complies with that in a uniform manner and enforces is something we'll only know with time. We're anticipating strong enforcement in many of the countries and maybe lighter in some of the others. And there's no doubt this will help the growth in Western Europe, without a doubt, because the markets will be driven more towards safety engineer devices. If it's implemented effectively, it'll also even more importantly create the environment, the safety environment in Western Europe that we've been advocating for, for years as well as elsewhere in the world. It's just not likely to be a step function. The growth impact will start before three years, but we don't anticipate a big impact this year. And it will ramp. And what that will be worth, how rapidly the ramp, we need a little more time to start to get some actual experience as the countries begin to enact these laws. But it's, unfortunately, not going to be until three years that their mandatory have to be in compliance. We thought originally it'd be two, turned out to be three, but that won't change the long-term picture.
Gary Cohen: Obviously the push button, we're not at the very beginning, because the product has been out for a number of years now in the U.S. We've been getting steady strong growth, including overall double-digit growth in the quarter. It's in an earlier stage in other parts of the world. And as we look at, for example, the anticipated ramp up of conversion in Europe, push button will be one of the key products along with other blood collection safety-engineered devices and then the devices in medical as well, so it continues to be the very important part of our portfolio. And I would say, we're several years into progress. But as with many of these devices, the transition rates actually go over years, whether they're safety engineered or other new device categories. It's very different from some other industries that have very rapid adoption.
William Kozy: I think the question's on Med/Surg. We've kind of return a little bit more of a normalized growth rate. The U.S. pandemic impact for the whole quarter for Med/Surg was only $1 million as the broader contracts pretty much was eliminated in early January. Secondarily, we did see some distribution channel inventory being worked off in the U.S. in the quarter, which had anticipated much heavier vaccination activity in 2Q. Additionally, some revenue from sharps disposal products, the unused products from the pandemic period are still in the channel. And so anyhow, those couple of variables put us more on a more normalized underlying growth rate of a little over 4% for Med/Surg. And that's not unusual if you think back to where we were before pandemic.
William Kozy: No, I think, Vince, you got it. The high-end driver's pen needles. There is a one-year favorability we're getting from the partnership agreement we got that will only run through the end of the fiscal year. And think about that contributing, one, maybe a little more than 1%, maybe 2% to the year. That will go away next year. Hopefully offset by some of the new product launches that we've been describing to you.
William Kozy: Sure. The Nano product was just released. It's got its approval in the last four or five business days here and you'll see that promptly. And we'll be back to you on the next product to follow, probably in our late 1Q of '11 or the latest, early 2Q.
William Kozy: It's a mix of business right now, and we can't get you the exact numbers on [indiscernible] (1.11.47) product penetration continues to be pretty much at rates we expected the growth for the quarter was well known at the 35%.
