Christopher R. Reidy: Sure, David. And this is Chris. Thanks for the question. I think you look at the momentum that we had in fiscal year 2018, we were driving 6.5% revenue growth and 16% earnings per share growth, and that momentum actually accelerated in the fourth quarter with 8.4% revenue growth, 25% increase in EPS, and 350 basis points of gross margin improvement. So clearly the fundamentals of the business are very strong, and we carry that forward into 2019. If you refer to the waterfall chart that we went through, you can see that we're driving 16% to 17% underlying into 2019. And then on top of that, we're adding another 3% from tax synergies that we had talked about potentially developing, and we now see our way clear to get those from tax synergies and some geographical mix. So the combination of those two are driving underlying improvements of around 20%. Now, when you issued your note a couple of weeks ago, you had rightfully called out some significant headwinds of around 800 basis points. It turns out that it's closer to 1,000 basis points, so the magnitude, as you mentioned, is stronger. And the new news there is all around macro items, and I'd start with resins. In the fourth quarter, we saw a double-digit growth in the price of resins. And we had talked about resin prices going up last year, and the impact was about $35 million in 2018 or about 1% of EPS. That doubles to over $60 million of impact based on that double-digit growth in the fourth quarter of the price increases, primarily driven by supply constraints. Typically, it's impacted by oil prices, but it's mostly supply constraints at this point. In addition, after your conference, I think it was a day after your conference, the second round of tariffs hit. And the impact of that, we had said it was about $15 million in round one. In total now, we're looking at about $45 million of impact from round one and round two. We can offset about $10 million of that in-year through working with our suppliers and other things, so the impact we expect to be about 1% or about $35 million. Between those two items, resins and tariffs, we have just about $100 million of pressure. Then on top of that, we have FX going the wrong way, and basically reversing what you saw in the benefit that we got from FX this year. And so we expect it to be about 350 basis points of pressure. I would note that most of those pressures are one-time in nature. We wouldn't expect resins to continue at that same pace in terms of headwinds. Tariffs, we're going to be working with our suppliers to resource the base. Now, that takes a while. We wouldn't expect to see much more impact in 2018, but that would help mitigate the impact in 2019 and, perhaps, whatever we can mitigate actually becomes a tailwind for us. Flu is the flu, divestitures go away, and FX could flip next year, just like this year flipped from last year, so more one-time in nature. So, all-in all-in, we're offsetting about half of these significant pressures, and I would point out that we're still going up on an FXN basis from 12% in 2018 to 13% to 14% in 2019. So that's still an increase, despite the headwinds we laid out. So the fundamentals are really strong, to your point, and we feel extremely good about the underlying business and the momentum. And if anything, the deal model, we're exceeding the deal model.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure, Isaac. It really is more about capacity which comes from the stronger revenue growth in reality. So that's what's driving the CapEx up.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, I don't see it being a cash-driven issue in terms of offsetting the headwinds. I think we're investing significant cash in the business in a number of ways, as we just talked about, CapEx for capacity purposes. And so, we feel good about that, and we're generating a lot of cash, as you see. So we think we can do both. We think we can invest in the business to continue to grow the business, as you would expect, and to still make our commitments on the debt paydown. And so we've got about 1 point left or 1 times left, and I would expect that to be ratable over the next two years. So another 0.5 point this year and another 0.5 point next year, and we'll be down below 3 times. So we think we can do both of those items.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, so there's two things. The flu grow over (64:12) is in the first half of the year, and then as we talked about MMS, that 23% growth in MMS in the fourth quarter with these earlier placements that – some of that's going to come out of the first quarter, and that's on the revenue side. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, FX will hit us on the bottom line in the first quarter. So that's the reason for the comments on phasing.
Christopher R. Reidy: So, yeah, Kristen, this is Chris. And you're right that the Gore royalty is running a little bit hotter. But fundamentally, it's no change from what we talked about when we announced the deal, that the biggest impacts in reducing that is the paydown of the debt and the corresponding decrease in interest expense, coupled with now we talk about revenue synergies, and they start in 2019 and ramp-up a little bit more in 2020. So, that helps. The cost synergies again mitigate that, and then the conversion of the preferred dividend helps a little bit as well. So, fundamentally, it's the same offsets, and so that's what we would expect to see.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. So, on an underlying basis, the operating margin expansion would be over 200 basis points, which is right in line with what we expected. You get about a 80 basis point, somewhere in there, 50 to 100 basis point drag from the raw materials, resins, tariffs and the divestitures. So, all-in all-in, we've got about 100 to 150 basis points of margin expansion, which is right in line with what we had originally announced. And just as a reminder, I mean, we say this. We're really proud of the fact that we've driven 700 basis points through to-date from FY 2015. And then with 100 to 150 next year and more than likely the same kind of amount in 2020, over a five-year period, we'll have driven about 1,000 basis points of margin expansion. So, we really feel good about margin expansion, including next year.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, so it's not one-off. It's really driven by the normal geographical mix and the synergies of bringing BD and Bard together and the tax structures we talked about. And we said that would take the better part of a year to sort through, and the 14% to 16% is a reflection of that.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, I would say, most of that tick lower was related to math because we're growing about the same amount of revenue dollars off a bigger base. And so it steps down a point or two from that alone.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. So, the base plan initiatives are up about 150 basis points. The synergies add about 50 and then the Bard portfolio is about another 10 or 20 basis points. That gets you up to about 200 basis points. And then, as I mentioned, the resins, tariffs, flus and the divestiture pressures are in the 80 to 100 kind of range, which brings you to total of about 100 to 150 basis points.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. Yeah, the only other thing I'd point out is we had the FlowJo acquisition in the current year, and that was worth probably 40 basis points.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. So, thanks for the question, Amit. I think one thing I would point to is the tax synergies, which were not included in the initial amount. We typically don't show them, but did come to fruition. We did about $75 million in 2018 and those were the types of synergies that you get from the duplication of public company costs and some procurement. So the visibility to those typically is very high. The next bucket that you would think of the next $100 million is the integration of systems and processes and functions. And we are in the execution stage of that. I feel really good about it, but you want to see that. And then, the third bucket is distribution centers and plants, et cetera, and that takes a while. So, we're just coming into the phase where we'll see the execution of those two buckets, which are really the ones that are the more difficult to get and takes a lot of execution. So, nothing that we see at this point would enable us to call an increase to that $300 million beyond the tax, but that's something that we're right in the middle of execution on, so a while longer before we can predict it for 2020.
Vincent A. Forlenza: The only thing I would add, David, is, from a geographic perspective, we had strong performance across all regions. And as you know, looking back a couple of years, that wasn't always the case. But this year, we've seen it across all geographies and all businesses. So we feel really good about it.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, I'm feeling very good about the 5% to 6% number. And yes, we had a very strong fourth quarter. You saw real strong performance out of Pharm Systems. And if you look back across the year, Pharm Systems, it's not just a one-quarter issue for them (46:57). We've seen some fundamental changes in that marketplace on the vaccine side and more of a longer-term shift to prefills. That's something we've been working out for years. It's going well. I think while in MMS, you saw tremendous performance, and, yes, some, as Chris mentioned, was customers requiring installation a little earlier than we expected, but fundamentally, we're gaining share in both the pump side and on the Pyxis side. And I talked about some of the new products that are going there. So I think we're going to see good, strong, continued performance across the entire BD portfolio. I walked you through all of the new products. I won't repeat all of that. And then from a geography standpoint, as I was saying, we feel good about the geographies. Feel good about what's going on in Asia. I mentioned a slight moderation in China, and that's just the continued cost controls. But we expect to have good performance across all of our business segments in China, so feel good about that. Where we've seen some improvement in 2018, certainly with India, much, much better performance than historically, but strong across the board. What we're going to have to jump over, quite frankly, is the flu. And we'll just have to take what happens in flu up and down. So I feel good about the 5% to 6% guidance range that we gave you.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, I'll let Tom do that. I kind of overviewed that in the remarks, but Tom, maybe you can get into a little more detail.
Vincent A. Forlenza: One piece of information I might add, we get asked this question a lot, and we probably won't do this going forward anymore. But going back to legacy Bard, legacy BD, legacy Bard we see grew in 2018 by about 7% and legacy BD grew over 6%.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, thanks for the question. And we're really focused on integrating what we have right now. We're just finishing up. As we said, pretty much just finished CareFusion. We're focused on the Bard integration. And we know from a strategic standpoint that we have an excellent portfolio. We're going to continue to do small plug-ins. It's the nature of the business. You saw it with TVA. So you should expect that our focus is going to be debt paydown and continuing to enhance the portfolio in ways that really build up what we'll call category management. We think we've positioned ourselves to be one of the strategic partners of choice within the industry. That doesn't require us to get much, much bigger and broader. It's about playing out what we have and becoming the partner of choice as we drive – as we're driving these synergies, you should think about this as also driving the customer experience. We're going after simplification, making BD easier to do business with, that's the phase we're in right now. In the long run, we know we'll have the capability if we ever desired to make another larger move, but it's great to have strategic flexibility. But as Tom and Chris and I are always discussing, that's not what you want to base your strategy on. It's great to have capability. We're going to drive our innovation system, do our plug-in acquisitions. That's what we're focused on – and process simplification – getting our synergies. And thanks for the question.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So the issue is the supply constraint on propylene which is actually a byproduct of ethylene, and ethylene production has significantly reduced. So it's a byproduct of that. And we saw that happening just from a supply standpoint. We are seeing a little bit of capacity coming in from outside the U.S. You may recall, there was a supplier that went bankrupt in the propylene area. We had some hurricane issues over the last year or so. So the combination of all those factors are what's driving the capacity constraints. There is some positives of capacity coming in from international sources, but at the same time you have oil price impacts as well. So we think that the impact that we're seeing in the fourth quarter of that double-digit increase will kind of hold for this year. But we don't see that continuing to go up in the future. We think it will be fairly stable over the course of the year.
Vincent A. Forlenza: That was me. Yeah, I actually said it grew 13% in the quarter. But looking forward, I said we expected it to be low-double digits next year. And all I mentioned was that we had very strong performance across the board. We expected that to continue, that the whole industry had seen a little bit of cost control that was put in place. This is no new news. We had exceptional performance in our Life Sciences side of the business. So we expect basically the same performance, maybe a tick lower, that's all.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. All in all, the overall Interventional segment is doing very, very well. And the recovery program from the hurricane was not just getting the production back in place, but of course, there was a lot of competitive inventory in the channel that we had to go and deal with. The team has done a fantastic job on that in getting that back. And we expect that to continue in 2019, but the overall business is doing well. So, we expect that recovery to continue in 2019, but thanks for the question.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, thank you very much for your participation and your questions. Let me just finish with some final thoughts. We had a very strong finish to the year, and I feel incredibly proud of our performance and what this team has done. The combination of BD and Bard continues to deliver exceptional value to our customers and our shareholders. And lastly, we have good momentum going into fiscal year 2019, and we look forward to updating you next time. Thank you very much.
Thomas Polen: Sure. Hey, Brian, this is Tom. So, I think, as you heard from Vince, what we were most pleased about is, is that there was strong growth across all three segments, and it was both in the core across all three segments as well as what you saw where new products starting to fire in each of the three segments. And so as we think about Medical, again, we've got core strong underlying businesses with Pyxis ES as a new product really gaining traction and share this year. We saw the new Alaris Pump M2 (49:44) really be widely positively received in the marketplace. We expect about 2 points of share gain in FY 2018 on the pump side, and that continuing into 2019. And then the momentum in Pharm Systems, as you heard Vince mention, driven by both the trend in vial to prefill, but also around biologic and self-injection and some of the portfolio investments we've made over the last couple of years really positioning us well as a strategic partner of choice with top pharma. There is a trend that we expect to continue the growth going forward, and we're adding capacity very actively actually in that space to make sure that we're in a position to continue to capitalize on that. Same thing in Life Sciences, right? So, we look at core businesses are strong. DS, we see – BD MAX continuing to grow north of 20% for the year. Kiestra really taking off now in the U.S. It's been strong internationally over the past few years. I'd say, we're seeing a really nice trajectory uptake in the U.S. and that trend is just starting. And, of course, Veritor had a great year. And one thing I'd point out is that while we expect we're modeled a lighter flu season, we did pick up share in the Veritor space and for flu, and so we've got a larger footprint of instruments. Regardless of what flu season happens, we'll be able to capitalize on it further given the penetration that happened in 2018. And then in PAS, we've got new capacity coming online. For Push Button, which is a bit of the driver of the uplift you saw there, that's only going to benefit us as we go into 2019. And Bioscience, a lot of growth driven by new high-end instruments and reagents. And then finally, just on Interventional, you had every business there grew north of 6%, obviously led by the Peripheral Intervention business, but – I'm sorry, the segment grew at 6% with two of the three businesses growing north of 6%. Obviously, WavelinQ, we're positive about and are very positive on the reimbursement, which will be a momentum as we go into 2019. Clearly the BTK data will come out tomorrow, I think just overall reflecting the depth of the portfolio there. And Progel is another thing that we really saw limited impact of in 2018. But as we've gone even just this month – last month in October and as we go into November, customers are ordering Progel. We're seeing sales start to ramp up. And we're seeing good momentum very much in line with our expectations. So, overall across the businesses, we're feeling well about both the core business as well as the value of the portfolio starting to really take off.
Thomas Polen: So, first off, just to speak to FlowSmart a little bit more, certainly the type 1 insulin pump market, it's continued to evolve over the last few years. And as was mentioned earlier on the call, the latest product redesign for FlowSmart didn't deliver the level of differentiation that we were seeking. And so, look, we could have continued to invest in FlowSmart. If you would ask us that, yes, we could have continued to invest in that. But given the economics of that as more of an OEM product and the number of more attractive investment opportunities we now have in our R&D pipeline, as part of our portfolio process we made a decision to stop that product and redirect the investments into more attractive opportunities both within DC and outside of DC. And certainly within DC, the number one product there that we're investing behind and put some further funding behind is Swatch (66:37). And as you heard from Alberto, we continue to be – very positive outlook on that product. It's gone through and continues to go through clinical trials. We continue to get additional patient and physician feedback on it which is all at or above our expectations. And so, we're doubling-down on the final stage of bringing this to market this year.
Thomas Polen: That was a great summary. The only maybe two things to mention from the other third pillar, so Vince talked about vascular access, the channel expansion in Europe, as you know, Bard had really invested heavily in China, and we're also continuing to invest now in areas where they hadn't got to invest yet, like Latin America, EMA, and the rest of Asia. From a timing and phasing over the five-year window that we've talked about, we think about obviously very limited synergies this last year; 2019, it does step up. And then 2020, it kind of doubles off of where we were in 2019 and then it stays relatively at that level, maybe modest increases of those additional gains for the next two years after that. So, certainly, 2019 is a step-up, but then 2020 continues to step up more ratably.
Thomas Polen: Okay. Hey, Bill. This is Tom. So, on CareFusion, we continue to be very much on track to realize the $175 million in cumulative CareFusion synergies by FY 2019. And so we're coming to the tail end of that process of course now. As we've talked about before, we've seen the tens of bps impact, and I think you're seeing that across the Medical segment, which is where that's all focused, and it's specifically within the MDS International business and MMS, which I think you've seen really the acceleration from what – remember when we started the journey there, was an underlying CareFusion growth rate of 3% to 3.5% growth that obviously based on what you saw in 2018 we're exiting and going into 2019 at a number well north of 5%. And so, we see that clearly contributed to the revenue synergy impact that we've seen and look forward to bringing that home in a strong way in 2019. Maybe a comment from Alberto as well.
Alberto Mas: Yeah. Well, on the Type 2 Patch Pump, we are – continue to be very excited about the potential of the product. We are making good progress on the program. We are learning through our clinical trials and the interactions with our customers. And we expect to be preparing for a submission in the next few months both in U.S. and Europe. Our production lines are getting up to speed, and we are working our evidence generation programs as well. So the program is progressing well, and we're expecting – depending obviously on the FDA approval process and timing we expect towards the end of the calendar year to be able to launch in the U.S., so good news to report there.
Alberto Mas: Yes. Well, obviously, great performance in the quarter. We saw 20%-plus growth rate in both sides of the business, both dispensing and infusion. A lot of these dynamics – well, in terms of the actual timing, it's timing of infusion pump placements and installations. But also on the Pyxis side, on the dispensing side, the variability especially after trades comes more – (01:02:00) there's a component of our business that continues to be capital purchases, cash purchases, if you like. This is affected by timing. And in terms of the timing, it's a combination of customer expectations and when they're ready and readiness, as well as our own preparedness, availability of service and installation, and resources at the same time. So that combination drives some of the timing. What I would emphasize is more of the underlying growth rate of the business overall, which we – we expect the momentum to continue. The market share is – we estimate around 2 percentage point share gain on the infusion side, and 1% on the dispensing. A lot of that – and then Tom mentioned some of the investments in the core, or our anchor products like the M2 (01:02:53), like Pyxis ES and so on. But what really is driving a lot of these conversions and momentum in the business is our integrated and connected strategy through our interoperability capabilities. We now have over 350 sites that are now live there as well as our HealthSight platform, analytics that really enables that integration and capability that is unique from our perspective.
Alberto Mas: Yeah. I also want to emphasize that our international product registration efforts has really continued and we registered a total of 300 product registrations in new markets as we expected. And just to give a little bit more color on the Medical segment, a lot of it's driven by CME, infusion pumps and Rowa dispensing solutions, ChloraPrep and the Pyxis IV Prep are some of the items that are driving some of these revenue synergies.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Hi, Isaac. This is Patrick. Well, let me first report a little bit on BD MAX, and as you've heard, we've really had very strong growth in the year, we grew about 35% worldwide with BD MAX, and a lot of that is driven, of course, by the new panels we rolled out. We will continue to roll out new panels next year like the Enteric Viral Panel here in the U.S., so that will give us continued momentum. So I'm very, very positive on BD MAX as a molecular solution moving forward. That said, on the slide for new products we had BD COR for next year, which is a higher throughput molecular platform as we go through an early access launch towards the end of next year, and moving forward, I think that will accelerate our growth in molecular as well. So, overall, very positive on the growth opportunities in this space.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. I'm happy to take that. First and foremost, if you look at this year's growth rate, of course, we had also a tailwind from the flu. So if you take flu out, we had been growing between 5% and 6% as well this year, so that's my first point. And forward-looking, I think what we are looking at is an underlying market growth somewhere between 4% to 5% in overall Life Sciences. If you take the flu headwind this year out and say we will grow between 5% and 6%, we will actually achieve that goal to grow at the high end, if not above the market with our product portfolio. I'm very confident that with the product portfolio we will roll out next year and what we did this year, we have a strong momentum in the Life Sciences market. We see a lot of opportunity in the immunology space, diagnostics base, and new solutions we have in the Preanalytical portfolio as well. So, again, the fundamentals are strong and I think we are positioned well. The 4% to 5% are really based on the fact that we account for the 90 basis points in flu.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. I can answer that. I mean, referring to Tom on (79:54) Medicare changes, I think we do not really expect it to have a big impact on our portfolio overall. As you know, we have some exposure, but most of our tests are not paid according to CFLS (80:07) because they fall outside of the Medicare population. So, we don't really expect a big impact there.
