Tom Polen: Hey, Brian. This is Tom. Good morning. So as we mentioned earlier on the call, certainly demand is expected, as I think has been said by others, to exceed supply in the foreseeable future at least. And we certainly see that ourselves. Demand, as I mentioned before, is coming from many of our traditional customers, healthcare providers themselves. We've had quite strong demand there as well as non-traditional accounts. Nursing homes for us would have been a non-traditional account. We've seen announcements come out recently from states looking to acquire rapid antigen tests and the use in other settings. I think the value of near real-time 15-minute testing has gotten increasing traction. I'd say we've really seen the awareness of that increase over the last couple of weeks even more so. And that probably also coincides with increases in COVID rates across the country. So again, very, very strong demand, as I mentioned, both on the instrument side, which we've shipped already in the first month more than we normally would ship in a year. And our supply plans are on track to our ramp plans that we've shared before. But the demand is broad across both traditional and non-traditional segments.
Tom Polen: Okay. Dave, thanks for the question. So we -- as I mentioned before, we have completed quite a bit of the testing and other work required for the submission and we have a much better visibility to submission timing than we did and when we gave you update last, in May. I think from a human factor testing, we still have the other part of it. We did the -- we've completed 100% of our formative testing, which is the initial phase. Again, 12 different human factor tests, as I described, and we're pleased with the data and outcome. Now we've got to progress to that next stage, which is a broader set of testing. So that's still in front of us. A little bit of some of the other testing that we have completed. We've completed a retrospective risk assessment on the changes that have -- every change that's been made to the Alaris system since the initial 510(k). That work is almost complete. We see that as retiring significant risk to the submission. We've completed software verification based on the original scope, closing out most outstanding anomalies. Of course, that software is not going to be released until all of our integrated testing is complete. But this is -- that's a tremendous amount of work and a testament to the team being agilely working from home. I think the other area is, V&V and reliability testing. So we're pleased with our progress there, good progress made on both fronts, but we've -- we're at -- we've begun testing on selected components in certain types of tests. And we await feedback from the FDA on the overall set of protocols. And so, at this point, that testing is -- it's not necessarily that workstream on a critical path for the overall project, but it's still more testing that's in front of us. Just to give a little bit more color of the testing that remains. So, thanks for the question. 
Tom Polen: We don't -- we remain very confident in the safety of the Alaris product. And as I said, we've been working very collaboratively with the FDA on advancing this submission. So, we feel good about that progress that we're making. 
Tom Polen: And maybe I think, Chris that was very well said. I think Rick maybe the only thing I could add is, our -- we are running the company. Obviously we're managing it through COVID, but we are very much executing not only our short-term opportunities areas like Veritor and MAX and helping on the vaccination campaign around the world, but very much executing our long-term strategy. And so, as we think about for example our new product development pipeline and how we've been executing it, I've shared in the past, we've been really focused on continuing to improve our on-time delivery of products or on-time milestones. This year despite COVID we're going to improve. We're very much on track to improve our performance year-on-year again this year, even better than we had last year. Really proud of how the team is executing that. We just finished our strategic portfolio review. And we went through all the segments. And we're making those tough trade-offs, in terms of which programs give us the best returns and growth profiles going forward. And we're allocating and making sure those investments are continuing or adding in new opportunities that we see. And we're executing those pipelines on the Recode, as I mentioned. We've allocated resources to that this year. They're executing they're on track. And even in areas like our plant I continue to be astounded. In the middle of managing -- with our large manufacturing scale, you can imagine the complexity that COVID adds in. We watch our supplier base, a huge team that's just watching suppliers and any economic challenges they have. And how do we start preparing for backup suppliers to make sure there’s no interruption in our supply chain. A lot of that is incremental, going on in COVID. And even during that, right our operations team is very focused on continuing to deliver, the routine CI savings. And they're again doing very well on that this year, incremental to the work that they're doing on COVID. And so, hopefully the takeaway from that is that, we are managing and navigating COVID with a high level of discipline, while at the same time, maintaining very much so our execution discipline on the long-term strategy.
Tom Polen: Yes. And we've shared as we think about the fourth quarter right we assume the 10 million tests July through September at about $20 ASP per test, which is what we had shared in the -- historically. As you think about 2021, obviously it's going to depend upon -- the number one factor will be the intensity of the COVID pandemic and its duration timing of vaccine et cetera. And so I think the most that we can focus on is that we will --the 8 million tests per month by the end of September. And then we'll be ramping up production of more than -- right at 12 million tests per month at the end of February. Those are the numbers. The percent utilization of those is to be determined as things evolve. We want -- we don't think it's appropriate for us to comment on that at this point in time. 
Tom Polen: Yes. On antigen tests, I think, what's fair to say is that we've seen as I mentioned very strong demand right off the bat. I mean we're only -- we're literally at a month today. It's the anniversary. And we have very strong -- extremely strong demand on that product both on the Readers antigen tests themselves. I think what's very, very clear is there is a high need to know this person have COVID right now. And I don't want to wait a day I don't want to wait two days, three days, four days depending on how the system -- how effective the testing system is if you're sending samples out, you can get up to those durations. And I think there's a whole need where that just doesn't work that type of testing turnaround time and people -- high value on this getting an answer within 15 minutes. So that's -- and that ease of use there is unbeatable on the antigen testing approach. So right we're very focused on -- a we've been engaging a wide range of customers on that. As I mentioned, we've -- we're deploying not just the resources of life sciences, but of BD against that opportunity on the scale-up and making sure we have the right infrastructure to support the broader base of customers. Even logistically right shipping this volume out of product, and so again we're applying the full capabilities of the company behind this. So I think that's a fair approach to it. How that evolves again from a disease prevalence rate and consumption through 2021 no one knows the answer to that. But as long as it exists I would expect there's going to be a high need for antigen tests. 
Tom Polen: Yes. On syringes as you said you heard us we gave a number on this call that was incremental to the number we gave last time right? So we have continued orders coming in not only in the U.S. but in other parts of the world. We think that's still relatively -- no change from what we had shared historically, right that we have capacity to add one billion units over the next -- we had always shared 12 months to 18 months. And we still see that opportunity side. I did call out right the devices that we are selling are a mix of safety devices and conventional devices. Safety devices have a bit higher ASP than conventional devices. So we'll see how that mix evolves over time. But overall, we're right in line. We're still on track to be able to produce that one billion units over the next 12 months to 18 months. And you can see right at over 450 million or -- well 470 million units right those orders are starting to come in quite steadily. I think that answer..
Tom Polen: So let me start with the last question then Chris can discuss the margins, which by the way we have shared. We're not sharing the specific margins of Veritor, but we have said that they're higher than the company average I think is the comment that we've shared in the past and probably what we're comfortable to continue to share, which is to your point. So on the long-term opportunity for COVID testing, I think again very difficult to predict at this point in time. I think, there's still a lot of uncertainties, even around the vaccine. Are you --is it going to be a permanent vaccine? Is it going to be a vaccine that you have to get every year more like the flu, I think those things will --if it's something like polio that gets eradicated because of a vaccine that you get a couple of shots of it upfront and then it's longer term that obviously will lead to a very different outcome than if it's something that you have to get annually. And if you forego that annual vaccination then now you're susceptible to get COVID. These things, I think are still being understood and will evolve. What I think we can say is that look we're placing a lot of Veritor instruments right now, and I shared that upfront in my commentary around demand just for the instruments in the first quarter. We certainly see point-of-care diagnostics as an area of focus of investment for the company and we have I think an example a clear indicator of that is we acquired a point-of-care molecular company earlier this year pre-COVID coming up. Because we saw the attractiveness of this space and we're continuing to invest in that area very heavily. I think the broader footprint of Veritors out in the marketplace, could you say regardless of how COVID evolves will that create a bigger opportunity for Veritor of consumption of --how long COVID will last is an unknown, but will they be using will there be more people out available to use flu strep other tests on Veritor? And will there be a societal continued shift to want to have testing results faster than they were before COVID happened. And I think those are all trends that I do think are going to be more permanent after COVID. Point of care is an area that, I would say, we are increasingly bullish on overall as a market. People understand now. Of course, people, a lot of people understand lab testing a lot more now than they did pre-COVID, because they have a lot more interest. And when you --understanding too when you have to wait days to get a result when you really need to know the answer, I think people also understand the value of that point-of-care technology. And so we do see that as a long-term trend and it's an area of continued investment. And we see some near-term opportunities that could continue to prevail for Veritor due the larger placement base. And then of course, we are continuing to invest in new technologies in that space as well.
Tom Polen: Yes. I can't answer that. We don't know. At this point we are -- we've got visibility to supply the orders that we've received is a fair way to say it right? We don't as I mentioned that one billion units we've gotten 470 million units' worth of demand on that. And when I said the one billion units, right we mean that as truly incremental to just our ongoing demand remaining the same. And so that is another factor. Of course, we make way more than one billion units. We make billions of units a year of syringes on a global basis. And we're assuming all that base gets consumed normally. That includes a strong flu vaccination campaign that we would have syringes sufficient to provide that. And then this is incremental to that. And so right people will have to make choices. People could say I don't know if that's true that all those -- the base syringe consumption would remain normal that people wouldn't reallocate the syringes for other purposes in that. But there is a large base of other syringes that we're providing to the market as well. So what we can say right now is the current visibility of demand that's coming in from governments around the world is still within our supply capabilities. 
Tom Polen: Okay. Good question, Larry. So first-off, we had always shared that the original assumption was end of Q4 right? And obviously with -- that was pre-COVID pandemic and we indicated that that would have impacts on our ability to do the testing. And it has and we recognize that. As I shared we've completed quite a bit of the testing and we had shared that versus when we had given an update in May that we felt that we would have quite a bit of that testing done by now and that we'd have much better visibility in our submission time line and that is the case. And it's the basis upon which we've given the update today. As I answered I think it was David's question earlier on this topic I'd already walked through the testing that we've done on human factor testing as well as some of the other testing that's been completed.  In terms of incremental things, we have continued to have dialogue with the FDA and understand their feedback. So that's been part of the process. And that's been a really strong part of the process our collaboration with the FDA and it's something that we think is very important to get aligned on the testing. So that when again we submit the actual 510(k) that we're in a position to make it as comprehensive as possible so that the FDA is put in a position to be able to give us as timely of an approval hopefully as is possible that we do our best job in enabling that. The one thing that is added in -- and there may be others. But certainly one thing that I mentioned is the EtCO2 module which was in development before but we did make the decision that based on feedback from the FDA and where the technology ultimately came out in development that as we are working in parallel with our product development road map we made the decision to include that update in the 510(k) module. As I mentioned it monitors patients on ventilators while medication is being administered. And given the importance of having this in generation module in, we felt it was the best decision and the FDA agreed to include that in the filing. Just on the 483 itself that you brought up what I would say there is that resolving the 483 items, the 510(k) submission is not contingent upon that specifically. And so maybe what I can just make a couple of comments on that is that we have been separately from the 510(k) submission work we've been continuing our remediation efforts associated with that Form 483 that we mentioned on our last call. In addition to providing a comprehensive response to the FDA we've already begun taking actions. That includes initiating a voluntary field action at the end of June and another earlier this week that we announced. And so we're going to continue to take action including initiating program changes process improvements and field actions when necessary in a way that provides the best-in-class support to our customers and minimizes disruptions to patient care which is more important than ever given the COVID-19 pandemic. So, as I said before we continue to stand behind the safety of the product which continues to provide significant clinical benefits to patients and health care providers. And as I said before to be clear the timing of our 510(k) filing is not dependent on resolving every item in the 483. We are taking all appropriate actions to ensure that comprehensive 510(k) submission as we also work in parallel to resolve the 483 observations.
Tom Polen: Richard this is Tom. Good question. As I had shared before, it is a broad sector of both traditional customers and customers who are new to us where this demand is coming from. And we also of course a lot of this given the -- of course our traditional customers we often are engaging with them directly. So think about hospitals and clinics and those types of locations. We are dealing with them directly and we see strong demand from those areas. We of course are also providing this product through most all the major distributors and they are mostly directly managing a broader nontraditional customer base who are approaching them or calling us and then we refer them through distributors. The ship-tos are much broader than we would ever be set up to manage directly and we typically sell Veritor through distributors anyway. But there it's -- as you saw I mean HHS announced acquiring for nursing homes. Normally that's a whole new customer segment. It's normally not doing Veritor point-of-care testing as an example. There are schools that in states that are buying them to test symptomatic kids when they're in the -- as they're thinking about starting up school. What if a kid says I've got X Y Z symptoms that mimic COVID what do you do? Do you send them home and wait a couple of days to get a test result? Or is it really important for you to know if that kid has COVID before they leave the building, so that you can determine what do you do with all the other kids and the teachers that were in that classroom with that child. These are the questions that the people are working through. We've had employers order the product for similar types of purposes in use of understanding, again if employees come up with symptoms et cetera while at work. How you triage and make decisions for the rest of the workforce that's there and helping keep the environment safe? So those are just a few of the examples that we see the testing. But hopefully, just gives a color that it is much more diverse base than would traditionally be doing flu or strep or our normal point-of-care test.
Tom Polen: Yes, Andrew, good question. On BTK, so we have nothing in our outlook in Q4 for BTK. I think we shared that in the past, but just to reiterate that. Of course, we have -- last we had shared is that we had submitted additional information as part of that PMA review and it continues to be under active review by the FDA. But we'll provide an update as we hear information from the FDA on that, but nothing to share at this point in time. In terms of the flu season, as I mentioned, we're making sure that first off that we have product to help support the flu vaccination campaigns this year. Obviously, we’re also expect to continue to provide flu testing on the Veritor platform. And as I mentioned, we are -- we do have combination COVID-flu tests in development on both our MAX and our Veritor platform. And so those are -- we have teams actively working on both of those to support where we could have flu and COVID needing differential diagnosis as that season intensifies going forward. The other thing that we watch is -- and no one knows the answer to this. We have seen some evidence that the incidences of using PPE and social distancing and quarantine have reduced the rate of -- or the intensity of the flu season in other geographies around the world, which are still in their winter seasons. How that's going to actually happen in the Northern Hemisphere is still to be determined. I don't think anyone knows the answer to that and it has big variables on how society is effectively quarantining and masking as well. So -- but all factors that we're watching closely and that we're preparing for. 
Tom Polen: Okay. Well, thank you operator, and thanks everyone for the good discussion on today's call. While our results this quarter show the impact of COVID-19 on the entire health care industry, they also demonstrate our focus on execution and making an impact during a consequential time. I'm very proud of the way our team has rallied around our purpose of advancing the world of health to find impactful solutions to help the world respond to COVID-19 and I'm proud of the BD team for their continued focus on executing our long-term strategy, so we can emerge from this pandemic period strong and well positioned to drive growth. Thank you all for your time today.
Chris Reidy: Sure Brian. This is Chris and I'll start with that. And obviously normally on this call we get questions about the following year at this time of year and we hesitate to give any indications. This is probably even a tougher year to do that. We're giving guidance for the next two months, because we have a sense of the near-term visibility, but when you think about where things end up with hospital utilization and elective procedures of where does it top off, that's a tough one to call. Clearly we're seeing a good trend. We talked about that in our prepared remarks. June was better than May. July was better than June. So, that's a good indication. But where that tops out at, you see hospital utilization in that 80% to 85% range. Does it stay there? Does it get back to 100%? Those are the calls that you have to make. So that's a high variable and we'll be monitoring that obviously as we approach the November call. When you think about margins, clearly the decremental headwinds from COVID impact are strong 80%. And so, we're going to continue to see that with the -- into the fourth quarter. And then we'll have some lapping next year. But as that comes down, that headwind will lessen certainly over time. And then, on the more traditional stuff that we look at, FX right now looks like a push to slight tailwind. Resins, looks like it's a slight tailwind. We would expect to see some headwind in 2021 as we continue some of the COVID investments from this year and the full year impact of that. And on T&E, we are seeing some favorability from lower T&E. and we would expect that to carry over into the beginning of next year. And then we'll see with what kind of recovery, as people may be coming back from virtual work that might increase and have a little bit of pressure. Those are some of the things that you can start to think about, but it's a tough one to call this early. Thanks for the questions, Brian.
Chris Reidy: Sure. So as we said, we are seeing those headwinds abate and you can see that trend through June and July. So we would expect that $600 million to come down significantly, but it's -- there still will be a headwind and so we have that and those headwinds do go down at the 80% level. So, I think, we've given you a lot of transparency into that. And so, that should help with the models. The biggest thing that I would point to in the fourth quarter that, I think, people have to remember, is the tough compare that we have particularly in MMS. And MMS had a record quarter at $738 million; as I mentioned in the prepared remarks last year, and that's a real tough grow over. And so, with that, the decremental margins being 80% on the COVID impact, that's significant. I think the other is that there are COVID operational investments that we have. Those will continue and drag into the quarter. And the other thing to remember about the fourth quarter is, generally, if you think about the Alaris ship hold, that's certainly impacting us again. The demand on the medical necessity, we're not expecting that to be what it was in the third quarter. So those are the kinds of things that we look at in the fourth quarter to get to the guidance that we gave. 
Chris Reidy: Sure. So thanks for the question, Kristen. We're looking at Q4 margins in the 54% to 55% kind of range. And when you're thinking beyond that, also remember that there's continued higher shipping costs as well. And you know what, we've been able to continue to drive leverage. In the charts that we gave on the third quarter, we broke it out where you could actually see the impact from the decremental margins from COVID. So we'll still have some of that, as we described earlier. We'll have some -- so that impact will lessen as the impact of COVID lessens in the fourth quarter. And that's why we get from that 51-ish percent kind of range up to the mid-54s. And in the mix as well, is the COVID investments that we have, as well as our ability to continue to drive underlying leverage through continuous improvement. So that gets you kind of to that 54% to 55% range. One other thing that I neglected to mention earlier in the question regarding Q4 is, also you saw the lumpiness of our tax rate. Those discrete items were anticipated for the year, but a lot of them fell into the third quarter. So as you're modeling the fourth quarter, you would expect to see a high-teens Q4 tax rate. And then, also keep in mind, the preferred shares and the dividend and that's what leads you to that $2.40 to $2.60 kind of EPS range.
Chris Reidy: There's certainly is a lot going on. But yes, I think that's a reasonable jumping off point. So that's why we're trying to give you -- on that chart we're trying to break down the various contributors. So as the COVID impact abates you can -- that's a big driver at 80%. So as that goes away it starts coming. It starts improving. Again and again, we feel really good about the fact that we're able to on an underlying basis continue to drive improvements through, continuous improvements and synergies. And as we mentioned, Recode is a project that we will continue and think about that as a continuation of the simplification of the combinations of the companies that we've had over the number of years.
Chris Reidy: Sure. I'll take a start at that. And then, I'm sure Tom will chime in with his view. But you're absolutely right. 2021 is going to be a mixed bag. And the compare is very different. So as you think about 2022, as we think about it, we're still very much focused on the five plus on the top and the 10 plus on the bottom. And all of what you talked about in some of the growth drivers go towards, getting to that five plus on a sustainable basis. So we feel really good about the underlying business, the sustainability of that, mid-single digits kind of five plus kind of growth on the top. And things like Recode are designed to get us that kind of multiple to get you to the 10% on the bottom, on a sustainable basis. So we feel good about it getting back to that kind of level. And we feel good about the fact that where the business is on an underlying basis, performing extremely well in the face of all of the COVID impact that, we've had. And that is lessening. As we said, we see those headwinds abating. Now obviously that could change, with the change in the course of the pandemic. We're just calling that based on what we see today and so that does seem to be abating somewhat. And you've seen some of the tailwinds that have been increasing. But again, how much of that continues into 2022 will play out over time.
Chris Reidy: And the only thing I would add from a slightly different perspective too is, given the level of uncertainty what you can count on us is a, high level of transparency. And I think -- I hope you'd agree that what we just gave on the third quarter and into July is very transparent. We've been very clear as to what we expect in the fourth quarter from Veritor for example. We'll go to great pains to break that out, so that as we navigate through that, it will be very clear, what's coming from Veritor. And what's coming from the base business.
Chris Reidy: Sure. So nothing's really changed from a standpoint of our intent to delever the company. I think with the pandemic, as we've discussed right now, we're focused on cash. We're continuing to pay down deb. But at the same time, that net leverage, the gross leverage has been pushed off a little bit but we will continue to work that down over time. We feel good about the fact that the net leverage is where it's at. So that really hasn't changed. We'll see --we feel really well positioned in this time of uncertainty from a cash and liquidity standpoint. And as we've talked about that that gives us the firepower to invest in new products, invest in things like Veritor protection for example. And so it gives us the firepower to do that. It will continue to fuel M&A of tuck-in acquisitions et cetera. So we feel really good about the balance sheet. As we come out, as you think about 2022 for example, our overall capital allocation really hasn't changed. The good news is we do throw off a lot of cash and so we feel good about our dividend. We've had a long history of increasing the dividend. We've continued that through everything. I think you can expect that from us going forward as well. I look forward to the day when pandemics and the --this is sort of behind us and that strong cash generation leads us to a point where we can start buying back shares again. And we will come to that and get through this period. But the overall capital allocation really hasn't changed. 
Chris Reidy: So I'll start with --just to be very clear on the fourth quarter, we have talked about the 10 million tests and that is what is in our guidance is the 10 million tests. So we said that the demand for that is very strong. We feel good about our ability to produce that at that level. But that's what's in the guidance for the fourth quarter. And longer term I'll turn it to Tom.
Chris Reidy: Yes. No nothing to add other than to emphasize that the key metrics there are strategic fit in our core businesses and non-dilutive accretive deals. We're not looking for a lot of dilution. And returns -- ROIC greater than the cost of capital in year four .Those are the kind of standard metrics we look at. But first and foremost a strategic fit.
Chris Reidy: So let me take the first part of that. So just to make it clear I mean, we said that the $600 million in the last quarter we're modeling in the area of around $200 million net impact in Q4. And we do expect the tailwinds to go up with Veritor. We --Tom gave the number 10 times 20, so that's $200 million. We expect --I think we noted in the charts we expect BD MAX to be another $100 million as we -- impacts out there. And you would expect the Alaris to be --medical necessity to come down from third quarter to fourth quarter. So when you net all that out and with the abatement of the headwinds that we're seeing in elective procedures, hospital utilization going up a little bit still not back to normal but abating that's kind of where our thinking is. And the --I missed the last part of your question but I think it was Q4 share count. And you could use in your models about $293 million. 
Chris Reidy: Sure. So let me start on the first part of your question was the COVID-related testing that we saw in Q3. That was $100 million on MAX. So think about $100 million on MAX and $100 million on the Alaris medical necessity or thereabouts. So that was the $200 million of tailwinds that we were talking give or take. On Q4, we've talked I think you can think about that $100 million going up to $300 million because the MAX is if we're running at full capacity and so we expect that to be about $100 million in Q4 and then you add in the Veritor of 10 million x 20. So that's $200 million gets you to the $300 million kind of thing. So moving on to the second part of your questions. I think again the revenue decline we're still seeing low single digits kind of a decline in the fourth quarter. I think the COVID impact particularly in the MDS business in Q3 was something that folks had been missing is very much driven by hospital utilization and you saw what that was. So we would expect that to continue because although utilization is getting better it's still under pressure. And so we do expect that revenue decline of low single-digits. Then you drop that at a decremental GP. I think on the last call, we were signaling kind of in the 75% range. It's really coming in closer to the 80% range. And again that's a testament to the fact that these are very high-margin products that are being impacted by COVID. And then in addition, we're doing the right things in terms of not building inventory during this period of time. And that's a very important point because as you're not building inventory, you've got absorption of variances that come in and hit the quarter. And we're taking that charge this quarter. We're not capitalizing it in inventory and carrying it forward. So that is a big part of what gets you up to the 80%. Obviously we're making COVID investments as well. And those investments range from what you would anticipate in terms of cleaning and those kinds of, things PPE those will continue. But in addition it would include all the work we're doing to scale the Veritor and the MAX. And so those are some investments we're making. I think the other thing that the -- would be new news compared to your models is the tax rate. And as we think about Q3 earnings the $2.20, we acknowledge the fact that that's -- is probably $0.20 of tax benefit there. But in addition compared to what we were expecting and what I think The Street was expecting the drag from FX was about twice what we would have thought at $0.11. So I think when you do that we're kind of in line with The Street for the third quarter. Then as you think about the fourth quarter though our range for the tax rate for the year isn't changing. So that just assumes a very high-teens tax rate in the fourth quarter. So I think when you plug that in and then you do the calculation for the preferred shares all of that kind of gets you into the range where we're at.
Chris Reidy: And back to the first part of your question, I think it is fair to say, and we have said in the past that the margins here would be higher than the company margins. I think some of the numbers you're quoting seem a little rich to me particularly in the short term. This fourth quarter, I don't think you can expect us to ramp production and immediately get to those kind of margins in the fourth quarter. So I think some --the models that I've seen have just assumed we can get to those kind of margins day one. That's not practical, but clearly building over time to margins that are higher than the company average.
Chris Reidy: Sure. So clearly, the -- where we saw that the most was access to facilities and installation. And that was certainly true in April and May. I think we commented that in June that we saw that getting better. And we certainly saw that to be the case in July as well. So it really has to do -- what we've seen thus far is really more access related than any lack of appetite for installations. We haven't seen any cancellations that were other than deferrals. And so we haven't seen that. Certainly that's something that is -- I talked about as our watch outs going forward. But at this stage, we haven't seen that manifest itself yet. It's really just about the installations at this point.
Chris Reidy: Yes. Clearly, that's the case. And I think that's what's helped bridge a lot of hospitals from a cash flow standpoint. So I think those programs have certainly helped from that standpoint. So absolutely. 
Chris Reidy: Yes. So one thing I would mention and I think we mentioned it in our prepared remarks is that across BDI for example we were positive in June. And so we are watching China as we said very closely. And we are seeing some recovery there. Bear in mind that we also have in China in the medical area that you mentioned in the medical segment that we do have the impact of the volume-based procurement. So we did see -- I think also in our prepared remarks, we said that we continue to see some of that distributor stocking impact -- destocking impact as we go through that. Really no news on that volume-based procurement. That continues. It's a continuous thing. But outside of that, the recovery is happening in China and improving across the businesses.
Chris Reidy: Yes. I'm not sure what you're referring to there because we're -- there is no normal run rate on medical necessity. That was something new. We did mention I think in the quarter in April, I think we might have noted how much that was. And I think we said, it was in the $70 million kind of range for medical necessity. And as I mentioned, the quarter was in the $100 million kind of range. And so obviously May and June were significantly lower than April. And I think -- and we're not expecting too much in the fourth quarter in terms of medical necessity. And obviously, that's a function of resurgence and everything else, but we're not anticipating anything significant there.
David Lewis: I guess, Chris, I wonder if you could help us sort of better understand some of the key drivers into the fourth quarter. And then we obviously have Veritor interventional recovery and some comparable issues to consider. But maybe just sort of comment on some of the headwinds and tailwinds such as stocking dynamics, things that are harder for us to model. And we have the net COVID impact in the third quarter of $600 million. What does that impact look like in the fourth quarter? And then I had a quick follow-up.
David Lewis: Okay. And then, Tom, just a quick question on Alaris. The following is, sort of, six months push versus the prior September, which is actually kind of consistent with our expectation. But with factor testing, kind of, in the bag here, what are the biggest outstanding deliverables in the submission? And timing aside, I think, investors are most focused on what's your level of confidence you can return a safe pump to market. Thanks so much.
David Lewis: Okay. And Tom your confidence, you can return a safe pump to market here, timing aside, regardless of timing.
Rick Wise: Good morning, Simon and Hi Chris. You're going to be surprised to hear me say, I'd like to talk about fiscal 2022.
Rick Wise: I know, that's right, but I thought, you said. I do -- I'm not looking for guidance but more just reflect -- if I reflect on things, it seems reasonable to think that fiscal 2022 might be a year when that thing gets more back to normal, the economy hopefully recovering, volumes returning, maybe a vaccine all sorts of things testing in better shape. And my question really revolves around that return to growth, and how you, Tom and Chris are thinking about Becton. How would you have us think about Becton and what may be a more normal year? Does that -- if we assume that fiscal 2022, is a more normal year you return to fiscal 2019 or 2018, kind of mid-single-digit top line low double-digit bottom line. Or do we think, because of things like Project Recode, all the cost reduction the efficiency, the new products, the expanded testing, that actually maybe your normalized growth as we think a little longer term about the company is actually a little better or you're a little more optimistic. I think that maybe, it'd be interesting to hear your thoughts.
Rick Wise: Yeah. The disclosure there's something and we all appreciate it. Just as a quick follow-up if I could. Chris, you highlighted the 3.1 times net leverage on June 30th. Last quarter you said, post-Bard leverage reduction timing was pushed out. Maybe just help us understand what's your latest thinking there? Where are you heading? And what's that all mean for capital allocation? Thanks a lot.
