Vince Forlenza: Thank you, Barbara, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to extend congratulations on behalf of all of us here at BD to Monique Dolecki, our Vice President of Investor Relations, and her husband on the birth of their daughter. We understand that everyone is healthy and we wish them all the best. With that, let's get started on Slide 4. As we stated in our press release, we are pleased with our strong start to the year. We experienced growth across all three of our segments with particularly strong growth in Medical and continued improvement in Biosciences. Growth was also driven by continued emerging market expansion and sales of safety-engineered products. Our first quarter results were also aided by a number of timing factors, which Chris will speak to in more details shortly. We've been talking to you for a few years about our long-term strategy for investing and innovating for growth. Back in 2011 and 2012, we embarked on a strategy to reinvigorate our portfolio with new products and complete solutions to better meet our customers' needs. We've been working to enhance our core businesses across our portfolio and expanding the categories in which we compete by moving into near adjacencies. Last year was the inflection point where we started to see the benefits of that strategy in our financial results and new products. In fiscal year 2014, we expect to continue ramping up our many recent new products and delivering on our strategy. Additionally, we announced a small acquisition in our Diagnostics segment, Alverix. They have been a technology partner of ours since 2008 on the Veritor platform. Our strong revenue and earnings growth in the first quarter along with our revised full year outlook gives us the confidence to raise the bottom end of our previous revenue and earnings guidance ranges for the full fiscal year. Moving on to Slide 5, we've outlined our first quarter revenue and EPS results, which I will speak to on a currency-neutral basis. Total company revenues were strong at 6.7%. This includes about 80 basis points from acquisitions and about 120 basis point contribution of timing items including an early flu season. Fully diluted EPS grew 8.1% over the prior year to $1.37. Excluding the impact of the medical device excise tax, adjusted EPS was $1.42 or 11.9% growth. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris for a more detailed review of our first quarter financial performance and updated guidance.
Vince Forlenza: Thank you, Chris. Now moving on to Slide 16, we see the program and product launches in our Medical and Biosciences segments. In fiscal years 2012 and 2013, we launched about 30 new products. As we've been communicating with you, our percentage of revenue from new products is coming from about 8% of our overall revenues in 2011 to an expected 15% or 16% by the end of this fiscal year. This year, we will focus on the successful scale-up of our recent years' new products and solutions, while continuing to add products who complement these offerings. In the Medical segment, we continue to look forward to the continued rollout of our new BD Simplist line of prefilled generic injectables. We currently have four drugs approved by the FDA, including our recent morphine approval, which we expect to launch in the coming months. We have five or four additional drug approvals with the FDA and we will update you as they complete the approval process. As we've been sharing with you, this is still a very new initiative and it will take some time for these products to gain traction in the marketplace. Our Simplist initiative is a good example of our strategy of building on our expertise to move into adjacent spaces. In our Biosciences segment, we are looking forward to the launch of our BD FACSPresto CD4 analyzer in addition to additional product offerings in our Sirigen dye portfolio. On Slide 17, you will see the various product launches in Diagnostics. We recently received FDA approval on our Staph SR and MRSA XT Assays on our BD MAX platform. We continue to focus on menu expansion and expect another four assays to be approved this fiscal year, including our Enteric Bacteria assay. We placed over 40 instruments in the first quarter, bringing our total number of placements currently in excess of 300. We remain very pleased with our BD Veritor Point of Care device. We've placed over 10,000 units to date, driving competitive gains for us in this growing market. Our BD Totalys front-end automation launched in Europe recently and our early customer feedback has been very positive. We anticipate the US rollout of this instrument in 2015. Also, our new BD Viper LT platform and BD Onclarity HPV assay are now CE marked and launched in Europe. Viper LT will provide fully integrated automated molecular test capability running both PCR and STA amplification menu. These include CT/GC and high-risk HPV. Our BD Onclarity HPV assay is the first DNA-based HPV assay that reports broad genotyping results for each patient with no additional processes. These products support our women's health and cancer business and are fully compatible with our shortpass liquid based cytology cancer screening test. We are particularly excited about our ability to provide broader HPV genotyping results as we see more clinical evidence that specific genotypes indicate a higher risk of developing cervical disease. Of course, we will continue to update you as we make progress on our pipeline initiatives. On Slide 18, before we open the call to questions, I'd like to reiterate the key messages from our discussion today. First, we are pleased with our strong start to fiscal year 2014 with solid underlying growth. Growth across all of our segments contributed to this quarter's results with particular growth in Medical and continued improvement in Biosciences. Second, our long-term strategy of investing in innovating for growth continues to deliver positive results. Key revenue opportunities will be driven by new products, tuck-in acquisitions, continued geographic expansion and sales of safety-engineered products. We are continuing to build on our leading global position and enhance our already robust core across all six worldwide businesses. Third, we are focusing on developing complete solutions to meet our customers' needs and improve clinical outcomes. We expect to expand the categories in which we currently compete by continuing to move into near adjacencies. We are raising the bottom end of our previous guidance ranges for revenue and EPS and have continuing confidence that we have built a solid foundation for future growth. Finally, we remain committed to delivering continued value to our customer and shareholders. Thank you. We will now open the call to questions.
Vince Forlenza: Yes, we did have strong growth in emerging markets. China was up 25%. The only place where we had actually some negative timing is just a matter of when tenders come in is the Middle East. So we did well in Latin America. We did well in Asia-Pacific, but it was really some softness in the timing of tenders in EMA for us, that was the difference.
Vince Forlenza: First question was around how is Nano doing and where are we in the conversion of this, and then does this set the stage for a broader play in Diabetes Care, and we're still early on in the conversion to Nano. Yes, we're doing well in the U.S., but we're also doing well in other geographies with Nano. We do price Nano at a price premium. And so, you are seeing that in both the Medical segment's results, and Bill was referring to that, and in the company's results. And as part of a broader strategy in Diabetes Care, we are continuing to refresh the core, but we're also working on some new product areas that we touched on before, and Bill maybe you want to comment on some of the adjacencies that we're looking at in terms of moving into it.
Vince Forlenza: And of course, we have the CGM, which is still really in technology development. So a significantly broader play in the longer term in Diabetes Care.
Vince Forlenza: So in terms of that account loss, it was in the first quarter. It's slightly weighted more towards the second half of the year, but it's not a major step change would be the way to think about it. It was significant in the first quarter for the Diagnostics business.
Vince Forlenza: So, we did talk about 120 basis points of timing within the quarter, but that was not seasonal timing. I'm going to ask Tom Polen to just comment on some of the timing that occurred on the Medical segment or just a major piece of it for us.
Vince Forlenza: The tax rate guidance stays the same, 23.5% to 23.7%. So there is no change in that. The tax rate in the first quarter was as anticipated. In terms of the weather, very difficult to say whether we'll see any impact from the weather or not. And I guess there's probably not, but who knows what's going to happen in February and the rest of the quarter. But no so far.
Vince Forlenza: We bought Alverix. They were a supplier, I think, as most people know of the Veritor system. And we were going to be co-developing a next-generation system with them. It made sense from a financial standpoint to bring that in-house and get complete control of it. We are in the process of continuing to ramp up that menu. We're still waiting for RSE approval in terms of the CLIA waiver, but the product is now intended to have some placements. So it just made a lot of sense as we expand the menu and continue to move into the POC space that we brought that technology in-house.
Vince Forlenza: China, we continue to do well across the board with our entire portfolio. So it's balanced with Medical seeing the biggest part of that business and a very strong performance in our infusion business. So strong across the board, Medical being the largest. And I think we're seeing the benefits of our ability now to move into tier-2 to expand the distribution in China. And all of that is going quite well. In terms of BD MAX, I think Bill Kozy will comment on that.
Vince Forlenza: The teams in the emerging markets will tend to have scorecards and they're looking at what's happening with various GDP statistics, then they're looking at healthcare spending and how healthcare spending is moving year-on-year, whether it's catheter or whether it's starting to move from bricks and mortar supplying those hospitals. So there's a number of different measures that they're looking at. And then I don't think they're more tender-driven. They're looking at the follow-up tenders in terms of what's in the queue to be brought.
Vince Forlenza: And then lastly, we'll be in contact with the NGOs in those regions in terms of what they're looking to do and the programs that they have, so that we can stay on top of those. So those are kind of broadly what we look at.
Vince Forlenza: So thank you to all of you for participating in our call today. We said we were pleased with the strong start to the year. We're happy to take up the bottom end of our values and we look forward to moving ahead with a strategy as we have it and updating you on the next quarterly call. Thank you very much.
Bill Kozy: We had good solid price contribution, particularly from our Medical segment in the quarter, and that driven in part by Diabetes Care price improvement, and favorable mix and price from the Pharm Systems side. And those two units were significant price contributors to the company's overall price impact.
Bill Kozy: We're looking to explore other insulin delivery opportunities that we have in particular. We have referenced before a project we have on insulin infusion, and we're also actively looking at a longer-term program related to patch-pen types of insulin delivery. Those would be at the top of our project list for adjacency moves over the next two to four years.
Bill Kozy: We placed just north of 40 new MAXes particularly in the US and Europe and that would put our total placements to date just a little bit beyond 300. Of course, when we get the menu for the Enteric and some of the other menu that Vince mentioned, that will continue to help us. But we're comfortable with our placements for the quarter and our outlook for the year.
Bill Kozy: No, just to echo Vince's comment, we didn't have any Kiestra placements yet in the US. So all of our growth in the US on that side was driven by very, very solid BACTEC and PHOENIX activity, as well as the Point of Care reference. So that total grouping of products that we tend to call Infection Prevention and Management and you got microbiology in there and Point of Care and Kiestra, if you just looked at the US, we got nice mid-single-digit growth in the quarter, which we were pleased with.
Bill Kozy: Well, I think I'd say that there's government health needs and their priority. Our focus on collaborating around the significant governmental agenda for their health programs for the coming years and almost all governments around the world have got that is a key point of engagement. If you link that to all the factors that Vince mentioned, we kind of get a constant rolling view of what we want to be doing in that particular targeted market.
Tom Polen: As Vince said, there were two businesses that we saw timing impact us in the quarter and in the segment were in Med Surg, specifically around clearing a backorder in the US as well as in the Pharm Systems, which tends to have some lumpiness associated with large customer purchases. So if you exclude that, as commented earlier, underlying growth was lower than reported, and those we view as one-time activities that were just in the first quarter.
Tom Polen: The only other thing to mention is you know the US is quite mature in the 90s, just to put it in perspective. We see EU overall at about 60% converted for catheters, about 15% converted for injection systems and I think about 45% for blood collection systems. So I think that just reinforces, as Vince mentioned, there's still some room and several years of conversion to go there.
Tom Polen: I think we think about it in two ways. One is just regarding morphine and its relevance, we have three drugs on the market today if you think about the value of a prefilled drug delivery system and its ability to help reduce errors in the delivery process. The drugs that we on the markets today, some of them are sizeable in terms of market size, but are not necessarily high on the ranking of drugs associated with medication. Morphine really represents the first drug which is in the top 10 list of drugs associated with serious medications. So we see that the value proposition for morphine is really a key catalyst for us in that category. Are we still looking to broaden out our menu within the prefilled space? Absolutely. And I think as was mentioned earlier from Chris, we do have four additional drug approvals pending with the FDA and under varying stages of review. And so overall, as we discussed previously, this is a very new initiative and it is going to take some time for these products to gain traction in the marketplace.
