Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we stated in our press release, we are proud of our final standalone quarter as we welcome CareFusion to BD. Our results this quarter highlight our consistent performance and the benefit of our diverse geographic and product portfolio. We delivered solid revenue and EPS growth, which were in line with our expectations. Year-to-date, we delivered revenue growth of 5.1% and adjusted EPS growth of 11.6%, which reflects a growth profile consistent with our external commitments and long-term goals. As you already know, we officially consummated the acquisition of CareFusion on March 17. This transaction significantly advances our strategy in the Medical segment and accelerates our evolution into a customer-focused provider of complete solutions. Integration activities are progressing as planned, and the CareFusion business performance to date is mostly in line with our expectations. Today, we're pleased to share our financial outlook on a combined basis. We are forecasting solid revenue and EPS growth, consistent with our expectations and with high level qualitative guidance we've provided over the past several months. On an annualized basis, we expect pro forma organic revenue growth of about 4.5%. We expect adjusted earnings per share to be between $7 and $7.10, which represents growth of about 19% to 20%. On slide five, we've outlined the guidance for BD on a standalone basis, the impact of CareFusion for the remainder of our fiscal year, and summarized the total guidance for our combined company. As you can see, we continue to expect BD on a standalone basis to grow at about 5% on the top line and about 9% to 10% on the bottom line. The acquisition of CareFusion will add 23% to 24% accretion to revenues and about 10% accretion to earnings. This results in revenue growth of 28% to 29% and earnings growth of about 19% to 20% for the total fiscal year. On a pro forma annual basis, which sums the organic results of both companies, we estimate BD and CareFusion's organic revenue growth would be about 4.5%. These financial metrics are consistent with our previously communicated high teens earnings accretion in fiscal year 2016. We're also reaffirming our commitment to deliver $250 million of cost synergies, which will be fully realized in fiscal year 2018. We will continue to update you as we make progress. Now, I'd like to turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our second quarter financial performance and our fiscal year 2015 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Chris. Moving on to slide 19, I would like to review the program and product launches in our Medical segment. As we announced in March, we closed our acquisition of CRISI Medical Systems following FDA approval for Intelliport. It gives BD access to the injection safety market with a differentiated platform that we believe, when combined with our new CareFusion portfolio, will significantly enhance our growing end-to-end I.V. medication safety offering. Also, we recently received 510(k) clearance on our Infusion – Insulin Infusion Sets. We continue to expect a product launch in fiscal year 2016. This product will improve the consistency of insulin delivery, simplify the user's experience and it increase a patient's overall satisfaction with insulin pumping. Turning to slide 20, you will see the various product launches in Life Sciences. Within the Diagnostics business, our BD MAX molecular instrument continues to gain traction with customers in Western Europe, where our expanded menu is enabling increased placements. We remain focused on menu expansion on that platform, and in the second quarter, we launched the new CE-marked GC/CT and GC/CT Trich assays on the instrument. Within Biosciences, we continued to anticipate the launch of two additional BD Horizon Dyes based on the Sirigen technology. As we have been sharing with you, these dyes are enabling significant gains in multiparameter flow cytometry analysis. We also anticipate the launch of two instruments, the X-14 high-parameter multi-color research instrument and the BD FACSVia clinical instrument aimed to enable increased market adoption in emerging markets, particularly in China. In addition to these new product launches, we are also focused on successful commercial launches of our many recently launched products. As you can see, we continue to have strong opportunities in our pipeline, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you throughout the year. On slide 21, before we open the call to questions, I would like to reiterate the key messages from our presentation today. First, we're proud of our final stand-alone quarter. We have built a strong foundation for future growth while delivering on our financial and operational goals. Second, we continue to evolve into a customer-focused provider of complete solutions. The combination of the two companies will further enable us to deliver end-to-end solutions from drug preparation through dispensing and administration, that increase efficiencies, reduce medication errors, and improve patient safety in both hospitals and pharmacies. Based on our visits with customers, early feedback has been extremely positive as they see the value we can deliver by improving both cost and outcomes. We very much look forward to growing our business together with CareFusion. Third, we are pleased with our solid NewCo financial performance. Given our proven track record of success, we are confident in our ability to integrate this sizable acquisition. We believe we can continue to deliver on our commitments and further leverage our capabilities as we strengthen this new company. Finally, we are well-positioned for continued success in fiscal year 2015 and beyond. We look forward to the future with confidence. Thank you. We will now open the call to questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: David, on the 2016, I think that's why on chart 16 we gave the basis of $6.43 to $6.50, and then you would grow that at around the 10% that we normally guide to and then grow that by the high-teens accretion, and it puts you right into that range that you mentioned in the mid-$8s. So I think we're comfortable with that. But what I would point out is that there's still models out there that aren't getting the number of shares right and so that's why we actually gave the 16 shares of the $218 million. I'd also caution on tax rate, the tax rate we're giving for 23% to 24% this year only has the 27% to 29% CareFusion impact for half a year. So when you annualize that next year, you get another tick-up or so of a percent in the tax rate. So I'd caution on that. And then interest expense is always difficult to calculate going forward. So we gave the base for this year, and should be able to use that going forward. So those are the three that I think a number of models out there aren't getting right, but in terms of the general neighborhood, it's right on. So, I'll turn it back over to Tom, and he'll come back to the recall for you, David.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure, Mike. So as we previously said, we're going through a strategic review process with those businesses. We've actually tied that process into our normal strategic planning process now, which I think you're familiar with. It goes on basically during the summer and wraps up then. So we're working hard to get to a decision. We want to go through this and look at it both strategically and financially in terms of the value that we can create. And so we want to get to answers over the next few months. We do see some opportunities in those businesses so we want to be thoughtful about this, but we haven't made a decision yet.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Rick, absolutely. I had the opportunity to go out in the field, and I visited quite a few customers. In fact, we had a number of people from the management team out with CareFusion and BD sales reps. And I would say it is a – it's a very full and deep conversation around the process. It's not just about the product. It's about the integration of that product into the process and the IT components. And so, it's – it is a very different conversation with the management team at these hospitals. So I was very encouraged by the feedback that I got directly in person from these accounts. So, yeah, I would say so. I feel real good about it. Tom was out there with me. He was on a second team, and we hit quite a few large customers.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, I think the comment was really back about the previous quarter, not so much in this quarter. Very small in this quarter. I mean, we're talking like $3 million. So, negligible.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. We're just getting started with KIESTRA in the U. S. We're just making our first placements. We think that we have a long way to go, as Linda was indicating, with lab automation there. As Linda also indicated, we have gained some share in that business because both some competitive difficulties, but some new products and new resins we've had out in the marketplace in blood culture. So we're performing very well in that core business, and, of course, on top of that then, we're looking to continue to drive BD MAX and get that menu done, but I think the business is doing a good job.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And just to add a little bit more detail on China, that was mostly Pharm Systems order timing; we're not talking about the government delaying orders.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, clearing customs. So this was the normal stuff that happens there, not a Chinese-driven situation.
Vincent A. Forlenza: There you go. A good five-part question that you have. It's funny because when I read that line, I was wondering if somebody would ask me that question. But the answer is, yes, it was the AVEA recall that I was referring to specifically when I said that. So that's part number one. Part number two was around I think the timing in terms of the portfolio, if I remember correctly. What we're working on is a process that is integrated with our strategic planning process. So in terms of making the decisions, we said that process is going to continue through the summer. But we're looking to try to get to a real conclusion around that in that kind of timeframe.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Okay, thank you for your questions. Any more questions? That's it. Okay. So thank you very much for being with us today. It was an exciting start to bring in these two companies together. As I mentioned in my remarks, we look forward to the future with a lot of confidence. We're excited about the solution that we have pulled together and look forward to talking to you about it as the year progresses. Thanks very much.
Thomas Polen: Hi, David. This is Tom Polen. Certainly on Pyxis, we still are at a record high in terms of the backlog itself. And I think as prior management had talked about in CareFusion, the insulation is a more complex insulation than the predecessor product. And now that we own CareFusion, we're very, very focused on driving forward to improve our ability to install the systems in a fast and more efficient manner. And so a lot of those core BD process improvement strengths we actually have now our Lean and Six Sigma teams engaging very deeply with that ES organization to help lean that out and hopefully shorten that cycle time as we move forward.
Thomas Polen: Hi, David. This is Tom. So the recall is not on ReVel, it's on AVEA. And just maybe a little bit of comments on that further to those that Chris and Vincent made. So, prior to completion of the acquisition, CareFusion had initiated the process for that AVEA ventilator recall. We've since notified the FDA and applicable customers. We're not aware of any patient injuries resulting from the defect and we're doing this proactively. As Chris mentioned, a liability was recorded on the CareFusion opening balance sheet for the cost to remediate. We have identified the root cause, we're actively handling the remediation. However, during that remediation period, we're going to be unable to ship the new AVEA ventilators for a period of time here in the second half. We do expect to begin re-shipping this summer, and so we'll see some sales growth headwind in that business unit while that product's on hold, which will alleviate as we begin to ship again in the second half of this fiscal year.
Thomas Polen: Yeah. Hey, Brian. This is Tom. We're specifically focused right now on – we've talked a lot about China, obviously being a high area of interest for us from a synergy perspective. And so, that's right now, the primary area that we're focused on registrations in. There are other geographies. So as we have shared in the past, we're looking at -- the revenue synergy opportunities being more in the 2017-plus window. And as you know, registrations in China typically can be up to a two-year process. And so, we don't see that changing, but we see us just getting a jump start on moving forward with what we've already shared.
Thomas Polen: Absolutely. I think one of the other things is maybe, Vijay, to answer your question around longer term is how we in the longer term leverage now the strength that we have in the hospital and begin to follow that into new care settings that are being driven by payer changes, right, as patients are moving into lower cost settings. So we think we have optionalities going forward that maybe we didn't have in the past.
Christopher R. Reidy: So, yeah, I would say that's a pretty good picture. For the most part, most of those items that you talked about we contemplated in the last call and pointed towards. I think the only watch-out is still Brazil. We do expect that to rebound a little bit based on timing of orders, but, as you know, the economic environment there is still under a lot of pressure. So that's still a watch-out.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So let me address that piece first. That's what I was implying. We gave guidance for the remainder of this year of 23% to 24%. And the point I made that next year they still are at 27% to 29% based on their own previous guidance. And so when you put the full weight of that in next year, you are in that range of 24% to 25%. So I didn't mean to imply we're over 25%, but it's a little bit up from the 2015 guidance that we gave of 23% to 24% just based on the weighting. But that brings you to the zone that you talked about. In terms of the paydown of the debt, this was in line with what our expectations were, as we described if you recall, in 8-K in November we talked about that. And what we were guiding to is committing to be being below 3 times leverage within a couple of years. And so the $650 million of paydown was right in line with that.
Christopher R. Reidy: I wouldn't say anything specific to point to. Obviously, we have impacts of the cost that we're driving to get synergies, so that's obviously cash, but that's one of the reasons why we wanted to give some guidance on what the combined company was. And that would be about $2.1 billion on that NewCo basis for the remainder of the year. If you remember, we were at about $1.85 billion and about half of the CareFusion operating cash flow runs around $250 million or thereabout. So, on a combined basis, so nothing really to point to there.
Christopher R. Reidy: Okay, let me start with that one. So the way I would talk about the synergies, if you think about the $250 million over a three and a half year period, kind of implies $70 million a year and about half of that – and half year would be $35 million. That's why we're saying we really got a little bit more than that from a ratable standpoint in the initial six months. But as we look out, we see that as more of a pull-forward, so the remainder of the next three years kind of gets you to that $250 million on a ratable basis. Moving to your other question, I think that what we were pointing to in the timing, particularly in an area like China, is the fact that it's not an indication of the underlying growth. And China's been growing very nicely now, as you know, for a number of years, and we're not seeing a tick-down that's significant, particularly on the dollar increase. Clearly, the bigger the base that we have, it will have an impact on the growth rate going forward. But right now, we're seeing the China business in that area of 18% to 19%, and we wanted to point to the fact that this quarter was an anomaly of order timing. The same is actually true in EMA where we had some order timing issues and so we wanted to make it clear that that was not systemic. Now, in Brazil, a little bit different story. We had some order timing based on government orders and government tenders, but a little bit more of an issue there in terms of the economic environment. But we do expect that to come back a little bit in our second half of the year, but not as robust as it's been in the last couple of years. So we just wanted to give you that kind of flavor.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So we mentioned that we would be committed to paying down the debt, and so that's our first order of priority. And we're committed to getting under 3 times leverage in the next couple of years. That'll be the priority. So we don't envision any share buybacks during that period of time.
Christopher R. Reidy: And with regard to the tax issue, from the very beginning we were saying that tax optimization is something we would expect to be able to get to but was not in our model because it takes a while to do that. That's a lot of pick-and-shovel work. So what I was referring to is that in the early years, it's going to be 27% to 29% of their rate. Our rate of 21.5% to 22.5%, you get some shield for the interest, obviously. That would be in that 50 basis point to 75 basis point range. That's a complicated calculation that has implications on foreign tax credits and a number of other things that offset it. So when you put all that in the mix, you would expect to be in the 23% to 24% this year and 24% to 25% next year, but not contemplating any tax optimization because it won't come that quickly we wouldn't expect. And we would expect that to be something a couple years down the road that we'll be able, as we did with the BD tax rate, to drive that down through optimizing tax structures. We would expect to be able to do that, but it'll take a little while to get there.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, the way I would say that starts getting back into the range. We've been saying all along that we see it more as a kind of a 3.5% underlying organic. And I think that's about right. If you notice on my chart 15, we said for the pro forma fiscal year 2015, it was around 3%. But they had a particularly difficult compare in their fourth quarter, which we pointed to, of 5% to 7% down against a very significant quarter they had the prior year. So, if you normalize for that, it takes you up to that kind of 3.5%. So that's probably the way to be thinking about that going forward.
Linda Tharby: Good morning, David. So yes, good strength in our business in the U.S. That was driven by our core blood culture business, so a number of placements there and increased share position and the pull-through on that. And also, as you noted on our flu business continued to gain share in both our Veritor platform, and then a strong early flu season, which we saw the tail on that in the second quarter.
Linda Tharby: Sure. So let me maybe handle the second part of the question first, which is the sustainability of the growth. So, certainly for the U.S. market, we have been seeing improvements in that platform broadly on our core blood culture business. bioMérieux had some issues in the front half. We see them coming out of that now in the back half. So, we will see some stabilization back to more normal market growth rates in the back half. But more broadly, for our microbiology business, we have been focused very much on improvements in our ID/AST platforms, and also in our lab automation. So, our KIESTRA platform now, we're very excited. We're really starting to see increased placements now in the U.S., which we'll start to see in the coming year. So, a lot of evolution in the core micro lab that BD is really driving.
Linda Tharby: Yeah, so on the Viper LT platform, of course, that's replacing our ProbeTec platform. We're seeing some gains in Western Europe, particularly with the ProbeTec CT Assay/ ProbeTec GC Assay that we talked about earlier on that platform, and we're beginning to see traction in the U.S. market on the platform.
Linda Tharby: Okay, so on the MAX platform specific to the U.S., what we're seeing there is we have got – now we're seeing increased placements but leveled off in terms of quarters. And we're really working on the efficiency of that platform and the reliability of that platform, as well as the expanded menu. So we're encouraged by what we see in Western Europe. It's just going to take us time to get those assays through the FDA. So look for more to come towards the back half of 2016 and 2017 on that platform. And then the second part of the question is on the Veritor. We continue to see expanded share placements on that platform. I don't have the total number of placements now in the U.S. market. But continue to see expanded placements, particularly in physician offices and in the retail setting. The second generation, we're really going to be working on, as Tom mentioned earlier. As we see care shifting to new environments, it's really important for us on the interconnectivity of IT on those platforms. So that's what the next generation of Veritor will bring in 16. So total placements now on Veritor, just over 15,000 placements globally.
