Bill Kozy: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we stated in our press release, we are pleased with our performance in the second quarter. Our results this quarter highlight our consistent performance and the benefit of our diverse geographic and product portfolio. We delivered solid revenue and EPS growth where were in line with our expectations. Revenue growth in the second quarter was driven by our Medical and Biosciences segments. Diagnostics' international growth was partially offset by continued challenges in the U.S., which we will provide some color on later in the call. We saw continued strong international safety and emerging market sales and they remain as the key growth drivers for the company. Based on our solid results for the second quarter and the first half of the year, we are reaffirming our previously communicated currency-neutral revenue guidance and we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance for the full fiscal year 2014. On Slide 5 we have outlined our second quarter revenue and EPS results, which I will speak to on a currency-neutral basis. Total company revenues were solid, increasing by 5.1%. Fully diluted EPS came in at $1.45 growing at 10.1% over the prior year. On an adjusted basis EPS of $1.53 grew 15.8%. Now I would like to turn things over to Chris to give you more detailed discussion of our second quarter financial performance.
Bill Kozy: Thank you, Chris. Moving on to slide 17, I'd like to review the program and product launches in our Medical and Biosciences segment. In the Medical segment we continued to rollout our new BD Simplist line of prefilled generic injectables. We currently have four drugs approved by the FDA, and have applied for four additional drug approvals. As expected, we recently launched the morphine product. As we have been sharing with you, this is still a very new initiative, and it will take some time for these products to gain their traction in the marketplace. In our Biosciences segment, we recently launched our BD FACSPresto, CD4 and Hemoglobin Analyzer. The BD FACSPresto expands the ability to stage and monitor HIV/AIDS patients close to their homes. It is an easy-to-use system that meets the need of resource limited setting. The FACSPresto can be easily transported and operates off a rechargeable battery enabling patients even in remote settings to receive critical CD4 testing. Early customer feedback has been very positive. Also this year we have launched three dyes and plan to add several additional dyes to the surgeon portfolio. Turning to Slide 18 you will see the various product launches and diagnostics. On our BD Veritor platform, we launched our Strep A Test in the U.S. this past quarter. We also received clear waivers on both our Strep A and RSV tests, making these tests more accessible to clinicians in the U.S. To-date we have made over 12,000 Veritor replacements. On our BD MAX molecular platform, we look forward to the U.S. launch of our Enteric Bacterial Panel and CE marking of our Enteric Parasite Panel later this year. These tests which traditionally take three to five days to achieve results, it can be completed in minutes, which also reduces the need for unnecessary antibiotics in the meantime. We are excited about the unique assays in our pipeline which combine our deep microbiology know-how with our molecular capabilities. Our BD Onclarity HPV Assay was launched recently in Europe. This assay runs our new Viper LT automated platform, which is capable of both SDA and real-time PCR molecular amplification formats. During the second quarter there were numerous installations across Europe and Asia. We will add our CT/GC assay for the Viper LT as soon as we receive CE marking which is expected in the next quarter. We are also expecting U.S. FDA 510(k) clearings of CT/GC on the Viper LT in the third quarter. Of course we will continue to update you as we do make progress on these pipeline initiatives. On Slide 19, before we open the call to questions, I would like to reiterate the key messages from the presentation today. First, we are pleased with our consistent solid performance in the second quarter and our results here today. Second, we continue to execute on our strategy and deliver top and bottom line growth and margin expansion. Third, we saw solid growth in our medical and biosciences segments and continue to be pleased with the progress we have made on the key growth drivers across our various businesses and regions. Despite challenges we are facing the U.S. diagnostics systems business, we are confident we can continue to deliver solid growth in the diagnostic segment. Finally, we are positive about our outlook for fiscal year '14. We are committed to delivering current neutral revenue growth of 4.5% to 5% and 11% to 11.5% adjusted EPS growth. Our diverse product and geographic portfolio and the operational effectiveness programs we have in place provide BD with a strong foundation. We believe we are well positioned for continued success in fiscal year '14 and beyond. Thank you. We will now open the call for questions.
Bill Kozy: Hi, David. Linda is obviously here with us and she is closest to that. Let me just pass that question over to her and ask for her comments. You are specifically interested in China, David, in second half impact on government influence.
Bill Kozy: Sure, I can -- let me make a couple of comments here. First of all, as we look at the scale of our emerging markets, China and Latin America are very, very critical drivers both in terms of scale and growth. Chris has already commented that we really see sustainability in China around that 20% number for the remainder of that year. We are seeing similar types of numbers coming out of Latin America. It's across -- I hate to generalize to your question, but it's pretty much strength across all of our businesses, medical, diagnostics and biosciences all reflecting very, very strong double-digit growth in each of those markets. That's supplemented a little bit at a lesser scale by Middle East and Africa. But think about China and Latin America as real drivers of our emerging market growth particularly at this window and time in fiscal year '14.
Bill Kozy: No, I think we got a bad connection. I am sorry, we just can't hear you. I apologize. We can't catch it.
Bill Kozy: This is Bill. We did discontinue a distribution arrangement in Spain related to a couple of our businesses primarily with a Preanalytical systems relationship that does not carry any revenue impact for us on a go-forward basis. It's just a realignment of how we are going to go to market in that particular country.
Bill Kozy: This is Bill. I think the big factor to remember in that fourth quarter was the movement in fiscal year '13 of the Japan stimulus spend into the fourth quarter of '13. So our fourth quarter of '14 is up against a very unusual comp, a very strong Japan stimulus driven comp from FY'13. That's really the single biggest factor on that second half Bioscience growth.
Bill Kozy: I think I didn't catch that whole thing. I heard -- less favorable pricing in the second half of the year, Chris.
Bill Kozy: This is Bill. We did have a solid quarter in diabetes. Interestingly enough we had double-digit growth both U.S. and international, both at right around 10% give or take a few basis points. The U.S. favorability is a continuing story. It's really around pen needle growth, and it's particularly been driven by our ongoing penetration with the Nano product. We had growth in the quarter in the U.S. on Nano that was well north of 50%. So we are really driving our penetration rates with Nano. We are wide now. We are actually north of 25% on Nano penetration. So that continues to be very, very key to the Diabetes Care business. International was also strong, and you had -- emerging market growth is the driving contributor there. Think about that being right around 17%, 18% for the quarter, similar comments to what I made before about emerging market, Latin America and Greater China being the real critical drivers there. In terms of what's next for us in Diabetes, we have referenced the fact that we continue to do product development in the area of insulin infusion. And at this point in time that is the high priority kind of product development activity in the company in the Diabetes Care business.
Bill Kozy: Okay. This is bill. Your question, Vijay, really on the interval testing, we got it somewhere right now, somewhere -- we think that about 60% to 65% of the physicians have adapted. It's a hard number to grab on to, but the takeaway is that we still think there is some room to go before you can see that there has been a significant 90% or higher adoption of a new interval testing. On BD MAX in terms of our placements to-date, we are right around 340 placements worldwide at this point in time. Alberto, double-check my numbers, is that … 
Bill Kozy: Sure. This is Bill. I'll take a shot here. There are four key factors on that second half guidance that we provided. 1) For sure, if we have got this KIESTRA demand and we are expecting positive impacts from placements of KIESTRA, and particularly in the fourth quarter, more in the fourth quarter than in the third. 2) I mentioned the ongoing revenue performance of international. We expect that to continue, and again sustainably in that 6% or 7% range. 3) We are counting on BD MAX; we just commented on placements. Alberto mentioned our reagent pull-through running a little bit ahead of our expectation. That's a factor. And then there is a minor one, it's less important, but we don't have any point of care drag in the second half, and we took a little bit of a parachute drag on point of care in the first half. That goes away in the second half. So I'd say those four things are our key factors in upscaling that second half guidance.
Bill Kozy: This is Bill. We steered down a couple of other -- the things that we are paying attention to. We have to say that we didn't quantify any headwinds related to weather. It was nominal if we had anything. We did not quantify any headwinds related to U.S. utilization. I think Chris commented it's constrained but stable. And so we couldn't quantify anything there. I mean our commentary around -- our challenges, if you would, was all in that Diagnostic Systems area, and it was all concentrated in the U.S. So we could not, if you would assign any of our shortfalls to any other external factors, and I think that our ongoing international presence in emerging growth is kind of a foundation which shields us a little bit. Some of my comments about the diversity of the regional and product portfolio; that really helps us to get through these sporadic regional or country-based activities that you can experience during the course of the year.
Bill Kozy: This is Bill. I'm going to turn this over to Linda. I'm not sure she -- a few comments you have that kind of a detail here today or … 
Bill Kozy: This is Bill sitting in for Vince. Thank you all for your attendance today and participation. We appreciate your engagement and questions. And we remain committed to finishing our fiscal year '14 for the discussion we had earlier. Thanks very much.
Alberto Mas: Yes. If I focus on why we think the second half is going to be stronger, it's some of the underlying positive trends that we are seeing in the business are highlighted in the second half. And again, the KIESTRA obviously are going to be beginning to be placed in the market more strongly in the second half and into next year. We actually feel very positive about the demand patterns that we are seeing going forward. One of the things that is driving that is our expected launch of ReadA Compact, which was one of the components of the Lab Automation KIESTRA that we will expect in the next month and a half. We have it in four sites right now and with very positive feedback. We are expecting a global launch of that platform in the next couple of months. So that should be certainly an accelerated growth for the second half and in the future. MAX, again we are expecting -- we had a good quarter. We expect even stronger quarters in quoting the next couple of quarters and going forward. So this is an accelerating product line for us. And we are pretty much where we expected to be in overall revenues. As Bill said, BACTEC placements should begin to generate reagent revenue in the second half and going forward. And again, lots of the Viper LT will enable us to begin to -- it's a good tool for us to begin to defend our CT/GC business going forward as well.
Alberto Mas: The big majority is in the U.S. There is also a component in Japan and the rest is a lot less. So those are the biggest components driving it. In the U.S. the season was milder as you probably already know in Japan it was slightly stronger than usual, but it's mainly U.S-driven.
Alberto Mas: That's correct. It's 340 is around that number, but we are seeing encouragingly a lot of reagent throughput that is coming to our machine. So from a reagent perspective we are very really encouraged by what we are seeing and hopefully with the new launches of Enterix and other assays, we should see that increasing a lot.
Chris Reidy: Great. This is Chris. The way to think about that is really on a first half/second half, because there is some timing even between the first and the second quarter. So if you look at the first half that's 5.9% that we had year-to-date, about 40 basis points of that was the lift from the SSI acquisition. And then there was about 50 basis points of timing of orders, and so that's from systems the BDB orders that we talked about and some Med/Surg timing of orders. On top of that you have a little bit of favorable pricing in there, and you had the Japan stimulus which is accelerated this year year-over-year, as we said, it all came in the fourth quarter. So if you normalize all of that, we get in the 4.5% to 5% range for the first half of the year. Then if you look at the second half, the 3.5 to 4 that we showed, the timing of orders brings you back to 4 to 4.5. The Japan stimulus and the unfavorable pricing flip get you in that 4.5 to 5 range. So that's the way to think about first half/second half.
Chris Reidy: I would like to take the opportunity to just emphasize as I mentioned in prepared remarks the 17% that we had in this quarter was driven more by the -- they are difficult compared to the second quarter of last year. So we see the rest of this year being in the 20% plus range.
Chris Reidy: Yes. So, this is Chris. I'll take a shot at that. The second quarter pricing was just about where we expect it to be. It was flat to slightly down a couple of basis points, right where we expected as we said pricing in the first quarter was a little bit better than we expected. So we had adjusted the pricing guidance for the year to about 20 basis points down. As we have been saying it's all about the second half of the year and particularly the fourth quarter. So we are still looking at it being down about 20 basis points for the year based on fourth quarter tenders that we are looking at and the pressures we see there, really no change since last quarter on that, kind of in line with where we were.
Chris Reidy: Sure. The SG&A was 1.4%. As we mentioned, there was a one-time item in Europe that benefited us. It was collection of receivables that had been written off that we collected. That does flow through to the year. We increased the earnings per share by $0.03, but offsetting that was the impact of foreign exchange. As you saw that we adjusted our reported revenue guidance for foreign exchange that actually flows down through the EPS as well. So that was a couple of cents. So that foreign exchange pressure offset the benefit of the one-time item and then the [3%] (ph) rise that we had in EPS was essentially attributable to tax rate declines. So SG&A for the rest of the year absent that one-item will be still in the range basically that we had guided to.
Chris Reidy: It was actually more like $0.02. It is just slightly more than $0.02 and it was exactly offset by the FX pressure which is slightly more than $0.02.
Chris Reidy: Let me start by just saying, the best way to think about that is for the guidance for the full year. So there is lots of puts and takes quarter-to-quarter and as you remember the big impact in the fourth quarter. At the end of the third quarter last year, I think our Biosciences growth rate was 0.9%. I don't think we are close to 12% in the fourth quarter. So, lots of puts and takes. But when you boil it down or running about what we are for the year with our guidances for the year in Biosciences. And that's probably the way to think about the underlying business.
Chris Reidy: That's consistent with what we have been saying. I mean as we looked at vendors particularly in Europe, they come primarily in the fourth quarter. So I don't think you are going to see any much in the third quarter evidence either. We will be sitting here next quarter still kind of guessing what it's going to be for the year. But our best guess is kind of be down 20 basis points at this point.
Chris Reidy: The thing I'd add is we did talk a little bit about the flu season being less severe. The good news for us is we actually took share with the Veritor product, and that helped make it essentially flat year-over-year, so much less severe, but upside on the market share. But having said that flat year-over-year is not what we're shooting for, so it's a little bit of a drag. But that would be the only one that I would add.
Chris Reidy: Good, and to part two, really no change from what we've said in terms of capital deployment. We are still on track to do the 450 million of share buybacks. As you see the dividend has grown over time. We kind of like where the payout ratio is right now, so really no change from that standpoint. And from the outside the U.S. cash, the way to think about that is as we look at it between the cash on hand, it's right now in the U.S. at the end of this quarter is probably about 400 million, out of the 2.6 global. So a lot of it is outside the U.S. But between the U.S. cash on hand, the cash flow and our legal entity and dividend structure we know issues over the planning horizon and having cash to support the dividend and the share repurchase.
Chris Reidy: Really no change from what we had said in the past. And we've done more M&A over the last three years. I guess we've done seven deals now in the last three years or so. We are always looking for tuck-in acquisition. As usual, M&A is lumpy. So you don't do it just to do it. You do it when you got the right prospect at the right price. So no real difference in our M&A strategy from where we've been over the last two years.
