Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. Before we discuss the company's performance in the quarter, I would like to comment briefly on the organizational changes Monique just mentioned. Over the past several years, we have continued to strengthen our leadership team through a diversity of experiences and perspectives to form a global team that helps ensure our future success and the continued development of our senior leaders. Our leadership team is designed to support the company's strategy and increased focus on growth, as we develop more impactful solutions for our customers. We're extremely pleased to announce Linda and Alberto's new roles, as they help lead the company through our next phase of growth. Now, turning to slide four and the company's results. We're pleased with our third quarter growth profile. Performance from both the Medical and Life Sciences segments contributed to solid organic revenue growth that was in line with our expectations. Our results this quarter continue to highlight our consistent performance and the benefit of our diverse portfolio. We continue to drive strong underlying margin expansion through the achievement of synergies, operational efficiencies and continuous improvement. We're also increasing our R&D investment in key strategic opportunities and expect to fully utilize the benefit of the medical device tax suspension. As we've shared with you, we have a robust pipeline and look forward to sharing new opportunities with you in the near future. Looking ahead, I feel good about the business and our performance year-to-date gives us confidence in our full year outlook. Moving to slide five. I will review our third quarter revenue and EPS results, which I will speak to on a currency neutral basis. Total company organic revenues grew 4%, in line with our expectations. Adjusted EPS of $2.35 was ahead of our expectations. As I just mentioned, this was driven by strong operating performance, which enables us to invest incremental dollars in R&D. Chris will provide more details on this later in his remarks Now, I'd like to turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our third quarter financial performance and our updated fiscal year 2016 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And you were asking about manufacturing, and what I was trying to indicate in my remarks – this is Vince, Rick, is that the manufacturing piece of the synergies in the $325 million to $350 million really starts to hit towards the back end, and we've been giving that timeframe of, kind of, late 2017 into 2018. So, we're really early on in kind of the footprint adjustment. We did mention the two plants, but there's a lot more work to be done, but I feel very good about the way the team has this organized. Tom and I have met with them, and I think we really have a solid plan.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. So, I'll start with the R&D, then I'll ask Tom to talk about the revenue synergies. So, I really do think that this is a great opportunity for us with the suspension of the medical device tax to, Rick, accelerate our strategy is what this is really about. This is not about going after new areas. This is really about fortifying what we are doing. And so, it's spread over both the Medication Management strategy and over to the Life Science side of things. So, I'll give you one example on the Life Sciences side: we've been doing very well with Kiestra. We see enhancements that we can make to Kiestra. We know that the market is going to like these. And so, this is an opportunity to accelerate that work that would have taken us another year or two to get to. On the Medication Management side, what I would tell you is that where we're spending is core to that Medication Management strategy. We saw it as a great opportunity, and there was an opportunity to get some technology at the same time. So, we're a little opportunistic to do this in the fourth quarter. It made all the sense in the world. So, right down the middle of what we're doing is the way to think about that, Rick. So, I'll turn that over to Tom.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Just two quick questions, guys. I guess, the first thing for Chris. I'm thinking about 2016, Chris. And so, obviously, the underlying earnings growth this year has been extremely strong. It sets up more of a difficult comparison for 2017. So, I know it's early, but I wonder if you're willing to comment on sort of the comfort with consensus next year, which is sort of low-double digits, sort of low-teens and some of the factors that get you that comfort, if you're willing to provide it. And then, just maybe for – a second one for Chris. Just the capital deployment priorities. You mentioned deleveraging here into this year, into next year. How are we thinking about capital priorities? Maybe it's also a question for Vince in terms of future M&A, share repurchase activity or further deleverage. Thanks.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And, David, we haven't changed our philosophy on M&A. We're going to be very strategically driven, number one. We're not size driven or – it's really about what is the strategy and how does that create shareholder value. And so, just as you've seen us do that in the past, that's the way we're going to approach it in the future. Thanks for your questions, David.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, we have a lot of new things in the pipeline. We've integrated a lot of things, but I don't think you've had the opportunity that the market hasn't had the opportunity to really see. And so, we're thinking that we have to cover both segments for you. We have to get into in-depth on Medication Management, kind of, across the care continuum for you. We really haven't had that in-depth discussion. And so, that will be a major focus. And then, on the Life Science side, we have a lot to talk about in the core businesses and then the ramp-up of things such as genomics. So, we're going to make sure that you really understand these things. We know that we're a little difficult to understand because there's so much to cover. So, we're going to try to be concise about it. And then, hopefully, we can give you a little sense of the capabilities we have been building at the same time to drive this new wave of innovation. So, those are what we're really looking at. And then, around the same time, as Chris talked to you, we're going to focus on capital allocation. Maybe not in that meeting, but as we do the earnings call. So, those are the big things that we want to talk to you about.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. And on Life Science, as you saw, we took the guidance down. That was reflective of what was happening in Africa, and that was about 50 basis points – talking about a $20 million kind of hit. And that – we see that as largely behind us. So, we don't carry that going into next year, and it's behind us.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And then, for Brexit, we don't see any significant impact to the business. It's very difficult to say exactly how this is going to play out. It's going to take years to play out. No one knows exactly which model they are going to follow. But I think the UK business for us is around $250 million, but we expect the NHS is going to continue to buy product to support the country. So, we don't see a big impact.
Vincent A. Forlenza: U.S.? So, U.S. utilization seems to be stable to maybe up a tick. I can't give you any real specific data on that. But just in talking to the organization, the U.S. organization, we're feeling quite good. That's the clinical market I'm talking about. The U.S. research market is doing quite well and you saw that, of course, in the Bioscience business.
Vincent A. Forlenza: We think we still have a long runway there in the emerging markets, and Tom can give you a little bit of color. But a lot of what we saw of this in core products was the catheter area. But, Tom, maybe you want to talk about China and where they are. In Brazil and Latin America, they're real drivers for this.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. Let me take a shot at that, Robbie. Yes, we do expect acceleration next year from where we are in 2016. And what contributes to that is we begin to see some acceleration in terms of revenue synergies from CareFusion. Think about that in tens of basis points. You'll also get a lift from Respiratory going away. And to size that, the impact of Respiratory this year for the full year and it's choppy, as we said, it was about 60 basis points in the third quarter. But over the course of the whole year, it's worth about 10 basis points. And so, you get a little bit of a lift from that naturally, and we feel good about the rest of business. As we talked about emerging markets, we see getting back to the high-single digits kind of range, which is really where we were this year, if you exclude the issues in the Middle East, which was both Africa and in Saudi Arabia, which we talked about on the last call. And so, we feel good about that, and developed markets are continuing to do very nicely. So, we feel really good about our revenue guidance for next year. We'll clearly give you a lot more details as we get into the November call and give you a little bit more about the specific products that we have in the pipeline and the Analyst Meeting in November.
Vincent A. Forlenza: There you go. In terms of the R&D spend, you should assume that we will continue to spend the medical device tax as it is suspended and think about that going into next year. And you don't start a program and finish it in one quarter. These things will continue. As I was mentioning, this is an acceleration of the strategy that we have, and we've seen some really attractive opportunities to accelerate that strategy, both on the Life Sciences and on the Medical side. You were mentioning microbiology in your question. We said that is one of the areas in terms of the automation that we felt, with the opportunity that we're seeing for that platform globally, that we could extend that platform. We had finished the technology feasibility, so we felt really good about it. And so, Linda took the opportunity to do that. Now, on the other side, Tom had a series of opportunities in the Medication Management area, where he could accelerate his programs around Medication Management, including the informatics piece of that strategy and there was some opportunity to get some technology from the outside, which we took advantage of. And so, we were very happy that these things came together in that way. We think it positions us well going forward.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. When we think about emerging markets, obviously, we start with Asia. And within Asia, we start with China, and we're looking at healthcare spending in China and how that is unfolding. And what we're seeing is consistent spending in China. We break that down then to look at business by business, what's happening on kind of the capital side of things as they're purchasing. That's more of an impact obviously on the Life Science side than on the Medical side. And then, we go back and look at the Medical piece in two ways. Of course, what's the opportunity for core growth and then, as Tom was talking about earlier, all the product registrations that we have for China and other marketplaces from the CareFusion acquisition. So, that's China, number one. Number two, we're looking at India as a growth driver and that has – in the last two years, that has picked up and have been a good growth driver for us. Now, there's pluses and minuses in India. We're seeing good fundamental demand there with the burgeoning middle class. We're expanding our distribution in India, so we will take that into account. There are some headwinds in India in terms of tariffs that have been put in place. So, we make sure that that's not any significant impact, but – so, I would say we still find it as a very attractive marketplace for us. In Middle East and Africa, of course, we're much more careful about what's going on in Saudi Arabia. We follow what the government funding is. In this case, of course, the funding was not just in healthcare, but it was a significant change, linked to the price of oil that we saw. And so, the way we're thinking about that is, kind of, the price of oil staying where it is, which means on the low side, which says that they're going to fund their healthcare, but it's not a big expansion of healthcare. That was going on in the first half of the year. That's not happening now. But they have to continue to provide care. That's what we're thinking about there. In Africa, we talked about the CD4 business and some of the shift in the guidelines. We've seen – we believe we've seen the majority of that impact that's really driven by PEPFAR, not the entire marketplace. So, it's a segment of that market. So, we'll watch how that evolves, as Linda said. Then, Latin America is a mixture for us. Mexico is doing well. Brazil is doing okay is what we would say and we watch the economy there and what's happening from an inflationary standpoint. And of course, funding – but the other countries in Latin America are contributing quite nicely. That's how we build it up.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. As Chris mentioned, we think about it in tens of bps, not dramatically higher than that. And again, just to put things in perspective, we're really pleased with the performance and outlook even that we've gotten as early as in FY 2016. Of course, as we have said, CareFusion was 3%, 3.5% at best, growth business as a standalone. We're holding at our 4.5% to 5% growth for the segment overall. And as you know, when you take a 3% grow and a nearly 5% grow, you don't get within the range that we're sharing. And so, we're already. We see some good performance this year already as a result of the two companies coming together. We think some incremental improvements on that, in FY 2017, specifically within the MPS business in that 10s of bps as Chris described. The other thing also to keep in mind is that some geographies take a lot longer. So, China, although it's a market that we are filing registrations in, once you file a registration in China, it's a three-year process. So, you can't get into certain markets that fast. Typically, more of the European, Latin America, Southeast Asia markets are those geographies that you can actually get into within an 18-month window. And so, that's where you'll see us enter in first. Those aren't necessarily as large as some of the markets like China, which will be later on in our three-year and outlook horizon. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Okay. This is Vince. Listen, thank you for your questions and comments on the call. We look forward to briefing you at the end of next quarter. Thanks very much.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure, Rick. I'll take that. It's Chris. Thanks. Yeah, we're really happy with the margins that we're driving. Operating margins this year will be 200 basis points to 210 basis points up, and I'll remind you that that's on top of 100 basis points last year. And so, it's good continuous improvement, and that's coming from two things. Obviously, the synergies are helping us on the operating margins, SSG&A and that type of thing. But we're also seeing very good performance on the gross profit line, and a lot of that is really coming from continuous improvement-type initiatives that we've had in place. So, we feel good about that. And the good news is that that continues going forward, particularly on the synergy piece, so you would expect to see – on top of the normal 40 basis points to 50 basis points that we drive every year, you would expect to see an incremental 40 basis points to 50 basis points just coming from the natural synergies that you get over the life of the deal horizon. On top of that, you would also think about the fact that, with the Respiratory going away and with that joint venture, you'll get a benefit on margins as well because, as we've mentioned, the Respiratory margins really were headwinds to the overall margin. So, we feel good about the margin profile going out into the future over the next couple of years.
Christopher R. Reidy: Great. David, thanks for those questions. Absolutely, as I think through fiscal year 2017, I would take you back to our normal model, which is mid-single digits, 5 percentage on the top and 10 percentage on the bottom. On top of that, you get a couple of hundred basis points coming from the synergies that we've talked about. And then, I think you just have to take into consideration – and I'm not sure everybody's model shows this yet, the $0.10 to $0.14 that come from the Respiratory dilution. So, that gets you to a number that is clearly in the low-double digits, as you said. So, I have a lot of confidence in that. What I'd also point to though is the variables of the headwinds and tailwinds, which generally come from FX and pension, and it's too early to call either of those. And we'll certainly give more guidance on that in November as we provide specific guidance. But right now, neither one of those seem too bad. If FX stayed where it is, it'd be pretty neutral. Pension right now with interest rates are probably a slight negative, but that could change between now and September when it gets measured. So, bottom line is we're really feeling good about that. On to your second question, in terms of capital allocation, you see that we are making great progress towards our 3 times leverage. We're already down to 3.4 times. So, we're well on our way. So, thinking about the second half of next year, we will certainly be in a position where we can – our cash flow is good. We'll be in a position to start on redirecting some of that cash away from debt pay-down and back to the more traditional capital allocation methods that we have. I think what you could expect us to do is go back to a similar model that we had pre CareFusion acquisition, where we look at tuck-in acquisitions. We make sure we're invested in the business, clearly, first. We have always been increasing our dividend, and we continue to increase the dividend, obviously, as we did the CareFusion transaction and we've been increasing 10%. But because the bottom line is growing more than 10%, the payout ratios come down. So, I think we've got to bring that more in the line and do a little bit of catch-up there. And then, obviously, that still leaves a lot of cash leftover. We would rather not have that build-up on the balance sheet. And so, we would likely go back to some share buybacks. Having said that, I intend to go through that in November. We do have some time. I'm actually thinking of getting all of your input between now and March to let us know what you think. And so, I'd encourage that. And as you know, we've been already beginning that kind of dialogue. And so, the good news is I think we have a lot of cash and some positive things that we can do in terms of allocating that. So, that's a way to think about it.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, I know, Vijay, so you're pointing to slide 14 and I think we gave that to give you a sense that the revenue growth in the quarter just increases a little bit in the fourth quarter, but the growth rate is significantly different and that's all about last year. So, if you remember last quarter, I mentioned this, this time, we thought we'd actually give you a chart that kind of demonstrates it because I think, if you really study that chart, you can see that the growth rate is moving around, but the dollars have nice, sequential increases every quarter. And so, that gives us the confidence that we can achieve that in the fourth quarter. To your point on EPS, it's really all about the fact that we let the over-performance in the third quarter, we let half of that flow through and then the other half is what we're investing. If you do the math on that investment of R&D, that's about $25 million. That takes you up close to 7.5% of revenue in the fourth quarter. And so, that's the other half of the overachievement in the third quarter that we're going spend. And when you think about that, it's really – we couldn't really spend it in the second quarter. We just couldn't get the programs in place fast enough. We've spent the fair share in the third quarter at 6.5% of revenue, so we started getting some traction on reinvesting in medical devices there and fourth quarter is really a catch-up. So, when you look at how much we're spending this year on R&D related to medical device tax, it's the entire amount of the medical device tax that we get in benefit. So, think about that more as a catch-up. Now, in addition to that, on EPS, we talked about headwinds from FX and that's certainly the other piece of it. We get a little bit of a headwind from the euro going from $1.13 down to $1.11, but the bigger portion is the other currencies. And those other currencies are – there's really three that are driving that impact. The Yuan in China has significantly weakened against the dollar since May, about 3% weakness. The Mexican peso has weakened about 6% versus the dollar. And obviously, the British pound, we all know, from Brexit, impacted by about 9% from our May call. And those are the three that are driving the preponderance of the headwinds on FX in the fourth quarter. Thanks very much.
Christopher R. Reidy: Okay. So, I'll take the first piece. The Spine business is about a $25 million business. So, that should help you in terms of getting the sense of the size that.
Christopher R. Reidy: And the only other thing I would add is, as we think about it, Saudi Arabia, we're expecting it to be stable. Going forward, we don't expect any major change there. And then, on the Life Sciences side, as we talked about the situation in Africa, we think it's going to stabilize as well, too. So, that's how we're thinking about it.
Christopher R. Reidy: And from your question in terms of margin on – the product will have attractive margins. There's no big impact in terms of start-up costs next year; it's kind of in the regular course of things.
Christopher R. Reidy: Let me address that one first before we get into the other piece. Your math is off by a decimal. It's about a $20 million impact on a $4 billion business. It's about 50 basis points.
Christopher R. Reidy: And I just want to be clear, Doug. I referenced the fourth quarter margin or the investment as about 7.5%. That's not the new normal. I think, going forward, you would still think about R&D as a percentage of revenue in the 6% to 6.5% percent. But fourth quarter is a bit of an anomaly that it's a bit of a catch-up. It's a bit of a catch-up and there's a little bit of onetime, and that's what I was indicating with my opportunistic comment.
Thomas Polen: Hey, Rick. This is Tom. And just to answer your question on revenue synergies, we continue to make good progress on our new product registrations. As you said, last quarter, we shared that we had gained regulatory approval for more than 50 products in over 20 countries and we had another 25 registrations submitted and awaiting approval. And since then, over the last quarter, we've gained a number of new approvals. We've gained – we've actually submitted a number of additional registrations. And so, as we shared before, we're on track with our expectations to begin seeing the initial signs of some of those synergies coming through in FY 2017. And as we shared in the past, we expect those initial synergies to show up in our consumable Medication Management business, which is MPS.
Thomas Polen: Sure. Hi, Justin This is Tom. So, as Chris had mentioned, specific to the Medical segment, we grew 9.6% in the quarter. As Vince just alluded to, safety catheters were a major contributor to that growth, particularly in Europe and China. Within the U.S., we saw growth in the third quarter really driven by safety connectors on our infusion set. I know you didn't specifically ask about Europe. It's a common question as well. And so, we do see safety continuing to also perform well in Europe. Compliance with the regulation is continuing, and it's the major driver of that safety growth. We've shared in the past that we really see stronger conversion in the infusion therapy and still more of infusion therapy as well as blood collection with less conversion in injection. So, that's more room to go there. And overall, as you think about it, in terms of what we still have ahead, we're still in the middle innings in European safety conversions, let's say, in that start of the fifth.
Thomas Polen: Yeah. Hi, Ravi. This is Tom. So, I wouldn't say this is the bolus of them. The numbers that we've cited are certainly less than half of the products that we intend to have registered outside. We obviously started with those products that we have the data available for that didn't need to have additional data generated, and we're in existing formats that those markets would accept, take, for example, as we would think about pumps. In some cases, we need to do translation and get the language done first. That's an R&D program to get that ready. Some of the markets require infusion sets to be adapted a bit for local practices. And so, what you saw come through first are obviously those products that meet the needs of specific geographies, we the data ready and we'll move forward and submit right away. And so, most of those also tend to be on the consumables side I shared earlier, which is why, as we think about FY 2017, we would expect those synergies to really be focused within our MPS business because that's where those more simple medical devices that are more universal in nature in terms of how they fit in with the healthcare system that's (01:03:42) to be focused.
