Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we stated in our press release, we are very pleased with our second quarter results. We believe we continue to demonstrate BD's commitment to drive revenue growth and our focus on high-growth areas with our recent acquisition of KIESTRA Lab Automation. This acquisition offers total lab automation solutions to hospitals and laboratories worldwide and nicely complements our microbiology portfolio. We expect this acquisition to add about 1 percentage point of growth through the Diagnostic Systems unit in the near future. The integration is going as planned, and the KIESTRA platform was very well received at the European Conference of Clinical Microbiology and Infectious Diseases back in March. Recently, we announced our plans to sell the majority of our Discovery Labware unit, excluding Advanced Bioprocessing. This sale will enable BD Biosciences to focus resources and management attention on both our recent Biosciences acquisition and our recently launched new instrumentation products, which are important to our accelerated growth efforts. David will provide more details around this later in the call. In the second quarter, we continued to face challenges in our Biosciences business in the U.S. due to an uncertain research spending environment and lack of overall demand for instrument and in research reagents. David will provide more details around this later in his financial discussion. Despite these headwinds, we posted solid overall revenue growth, driven by our Medical and Diagnostics segments. We believe our results this quarter highlight the diversity of our portfolio with softness in 1 segment being offset by strength in our other 2 segments. We saw organic growth from new product launches in addition to growth coming from recent acquisitions. On a positive note, we continue to see strong growth in the international safety sales and emerging markets. Also our initiatives around new products are in line with our expectations as we continue to invest for future growth. We recently went live with our new ERP system in North America with BD Biosciences as the first implementation under EVEREST. This is our global ERP project that we have been discussing for the past few years. Our largest go live will be next year with the balance of North America, which includes our manufacturing plants. Our results year-to-date give us confidence to increase the bottom end of our currency neutral revenue growth guidance to 3% to 4%. We expect currency neutral EPS growth to be 4% to 5% as we continue to invest in new products and absorb costs from our recent acquisitions. On Slide 5, we've outlined our second quarter revenue and EPS results, which I will speak to on a currency-neutral basis. Revenues were solid, increasing by 4.6%. Fully diluted EPS came in at $1.38, growing at 2.9% over the prior year as expected. For the 6-month year-to-date results, revenue growth was 3.5%. EPS of $2.59 declined by 3.3% due to a difficult comparison over the prior year period as we outlined on our first quarter conference call. Now I'd like to turn things over to David for a more detailed discussion of our second quarter financial performance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure, and thanks for the question. I think we saw a stabilization of health care trends in the U.S. I know if we look back to last year, we saw some falling doctor's office visits, but this quarter, things seem to have flattened out. And I think you saw that in both -- you saw it clearly in our Medical segment and in our Diagnostics segment even if it was a little camouflaged by a weak flu season. So on the clinical side, U.S. flattening out. Obviously, still some issues in the high end of the bioscience marketplace especially around high-ticket research instrumentation, where we have a large presence. Europe, once again, was quite good, continuing a trend that we saw last quarter. And then moving on to emerging markets, as we go through the emerging markets, we continue to see strong growth across the emerging markets, especially in Asia Pacific and in Latin America. The only issue from an environmental standpoint that is giving us more concern internationally right now, of course, is we're tracking what the European governments are doing, especially Spain, from a payment standpoint. And you might be aware that they've announced a deal. Receivables for the industry have been going up. We think we're appropriately reserved in this situation, but they've also announced a deal to refinance and then pay the industry, which we're expecting will happen in the back half of the calendar year. So that's the one kind of warning sign we're watching.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So we're not going to get into guiding next year but there's a number of trends, I think, that we can talk about to help you out here. One is in terms of the gross margin this year, we've talked about the higher material costs that we were seeing plus the major impact on pricing with the biggest impact being on the first half of this year, and that starts to get better in the second half. And pricing is pretty much where we expected it to be this quarter, around 100 basis points and still including that the big issue from last year. On the gross margin, some of the things to be thinking about going forward is we'll be seeing an increased benefit from ReLoCo I and ReLoCo II going forward, with ReLoCo II being about a year behind ReLoCo I. And we'll continue to look at driving that. On the SSG&A line, we do expect that we'll continue to invest in emerging markets going forward. We would start to -- we expect one more year of increasing spending on EVEREST. We're happy that we've got the first go live now behind us here. We're in the what I'd call the stabilization and optimization phase on this first phase, but we have the biggest go live coming up next year. So we would expect that to peak -- that spending to peak next year and then to flatten out from there as the amortization of the system comes in. Then lastly, on the SSG&A line, we would expect going forward to start to see some benefits from our shared service center in the U.S. as we get towards the tail end of '13 or so. So and R&D, we'll continue to invest in a pretty much the same rate that we already are. So those are the major components that we think that are going to start to drive operating leverage, and I'll come back to the point, I know this is a timing issue that you're asking, but we do remain committed to getting 50 basis points of leverage. I realize we didn't get this year, we have some significant investments. We're actually pleased that we have to accelerate some of these investments against new products in the back half of the year because things are on track, or accelerated for most of our programs with the exception of those 2 analyzers in the main at Biosciences.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, Dave, to go back to the beginning of your question, I would go back to what we were saying in November in terms of the new product launches and the impact that we expect to have by 2014, and so that was 250 basis points. So we're expecting a gradual increase. And then, of course, Safety now is really starting to do well around the globe as one of those drivers.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So Bill Kozy will give you some more detail on that. Just I would say before he does, majority of what we are talking about was related to the large instrument sales. But there was a competitive situation that has been going on for a while but maybe a bigger impact right now with some pricing on reagents, particularly in the research market. Bill, you can talk to that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And then in terms of the organic growth, in Diagnostics, there's some KIESTRA in there, but also good performance as we start to get some of these new products out. So it's a nice balance there, and the same thing is basically true in Medical, where we do expect PhaSeal, the products to continue to do well. It's off to a good start. But also, as Bill can say that we're seeing good growth in Diabetes Care, and we went through a series of product launches that we have going on in that business in the, both syringe and pen needle category. And then Pharm Systems is also doing better as well. So there's a nice piece of organic growth driven by the new products that we're seeing as well, not just the acquisition. So kind of both things going for us.
Vincent A. Forlenza: That's a very fair comment. We're on track with the acquisition and a little bit better with the new products.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And it'll be bumpy on the second half of the year too. It's not going to be flat growth rate. It's just the way the orders come in. And Bill, when you said that there was a new competitor in low-molecular-weight Heparin, you meant pharmaceutical.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So a couple of things. One is that what we said is that $1.5 billion was certainly at the high end of our buyback range, in that we haven't guided to exactly where we're going to be on share repurchases, and we're not going to do that now. In terms of -- we will guide you -- we've given you the $0.23 and it will be in November, as David just said a little while ago is that we'll finalize our share repurchase with the board and then we'll give you some guidance. So you can put the whole thing together.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes, there was just some sequencing in terms of the R&D work and getting the, let me call, the sample prep kits and whatnot lined up so we could handle more partners. And so you couldn't throw a ball at it one time, but we have a lot of companies that are interested in working with us.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So for the year, we think pricing is about where we guided right from the start across the company pretty much.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. We haven't changed our outlook in terms of -- and our strategy in terms of acquisitions. Certainly aware that there has been consolidation. Let me start on the Biosciences side, and that's been going on for quite a long time not just last couple of years. But we feel good about where we are in terms of the Bioscience businesses and the opportunities that we have there. On the Diagnostics front, and as Tom was talking about, not just in the Women's Health and Cancer space but with what we're doing with BD MAX, we think that still you'll have to compete vertically more than horizontally, and we think we have the right programs in place. So we think we could be very competitive. So we will continue to look for plug-in acquisitions to round out the portfolio. We've always looked at larger acquisitions, and we've done that for years. They just have to make sense both strategically and financially in creating shareholder value. So we're not sitting here saying we wouldn't do a larger one, but we have -- we continue to be more focused on plug-in acquisitions and adjacent spaces. That's our strategy.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. Yes, going extremely well. And as we create the momentum behind that, we're usually developing the market we're gaining share at the same time. So Safety probably would be the #1 area where we've gained some share. Tom, any other comments we have some conversions with BD MAX going on. We lost obviously some business going back a year ago. We expect to reverse that as MAX comes out.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Right, and I think basically in Biosciences in the instrumentation side, we continue to maintain share. It's more of a market issue. And we did have this pricing and a little bit of share loss in the research reagents. So those are kind of the big factors across the company.
Vincent A. Forlenza: For the full year, the currency is about -- we're sitting at about $0.24, that's about $0.18 is the currency impact. So about $0.06 is, and that's what we raised the guidance by so about 1% impact on our EPS growth rate.
Vincent A. Forlenza: We don't think the pension is going to be a big issue going forward. So yes, on the negative side, we're going to be seeing an increase in EVEREST. We haven't finalized that number. It's likely to be smaller than what we've seen in the last couple of years. And in emerging markets, yes, we will continue to build. But we'll be getting good productivity from the investments we're already making there. In terms of other elements of leverage, it's really going to be around the functional effectiveness, and the -- we'll start to see some leverage from the acquisition piece that we've done as well, too, because we had that infrastructure come in. So you have Accuri that now starts to improve, PhaSeal starts to improve so, and even KIESTRA will get better. So I think that's where the leverage is going to come from.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, this where in seeing this coming and seeing the pricing pressure that's out there, we started focusing on ReLoCo I and ReLoCo II. And so really attacking the gross margin line and then supporting that with some of the shared service centered work that we've been discussing with you. Now in terms of -- so we'll attack every element of the P&L basically to try to offset the $55 million. On the more difficult side, a lot of our U.S. business that will be impacted by this will be under contract, and so we can't just go out and start changing prices. So there'll be a whole dynamic there that we're going to have to work our way through. And it's really -- a lot of is going to have to come from the efficiency side.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, it's something we're working on. So as I was mentioning just before, excuse me, I got a bit of a cold here -- we'll be looking at all elements of our P&L to see where we can go for efficiencies, not just in the U.S. but globally to see what we can do to offset. So it will be a challenge. It's a headwind but one that we're going to take on.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So thank you very much for your participation today. We look forward to next quarter and further updates. We're very pleased with the results in the quarter and the progress on our programs, and have a great day. Thanks very much.
David V. Elkins: So on -- Kristen, it's David. On the quarter, it's $24 million is the revenue impact, so it's about 1%. And on an EPS perspective, it's about $0.02 dilutive.
David V. Elkins: Yes, this is David. And just a couple of things. One is that the proceeds from the sale, $730 million as we talked about, a good estimate is probably net of tax will be around $500 million for planning purposes. That's our view on it. As far as dilution, as we said, dilution going into next year, the full year impact of the divestment will be about $0.23 to $0.27. And that will be -- right now it's in continuing operations. There's a couple of things as far as determining when we move that to disc ops around manufacturing agreements and transition services agreement before we can make that accounting change. But as far as going forward, I would use that guidance range of $0.23 to $0.27. There are some stranded costs in there that over time, we'll be looking to take out associated with the business. But for planning purposes now, it's -- we're guiding in that $0.23 to $0.27.
David V. Elkins: Yes, Jon, this is David. I think really we'll update you on what we do with those proceeds, we'll update you in November. Clearly, it'll go to general corporate purposes, which as we talked about from an acquisition perspective looking what's out there, if there's opportunities to fund those. But obviously, we're not looking to let cash stay idle on our balance sheet either. So we could do share repurchases. But at this point, it's too soon, and we'll update you when we provide guidance on '13 in November.
David V. Elkins: Okay, yes, I mean, it's really all we're saying, Jon, as far as the proceeds from the Discovery Labware is just wait till November. And when we do total guidance on what we're doing with our capital allocation, we'll provide it at that time. We're not paying anything more other than that at this point.
David V. Elkins: Yes, I think as we talked about on the last quarter call, Pharm Systems came in at around 7%, and that market is growing in that 3% range. So as we always talk about, there's timing of orders given the customers that we have. We do expect to see an improvement in the second half for the year as we normally do with the cycle of our business. And I'll just ask -- I'll pass it over to Bill to see if there's any more color he wants to provide around Pharm Systems' second half growth.
David V. Elkins: As I said there's a couple of things as far as the transition, the deal stuff, to close and get regulatory approval. When you look at doing the accounting from disc ops perspective, you have to finalize all the transition services agreement, you have to finalize any kind of tool manufacturing agreements and that determines when. Eventually it will go to discontinued ops. You just have to finalize all those parts of the agreement before determining when it actually go to discontinued ops. But our expectation is once all these things are finalized, it will go into discontinued ops and for your planning purposes, as you look at fiscal year 2013, I would take out the $0.23 to $0.27 that we talked about once it goes into discontinued operations.
David V. Elkins: Yes, as we talked about before, if you look at it for the full year, from a guidance perspective, price is about 50, raw materials is sitting about 20 and the acquisitions as we talked about building that into all the line components, particularly the recently announced KIESTRA, is really having the offsetting effect. And then the software amortization, as we talked about before, is unchanged at about 20 basis points. So to your point, Kim, you have the -- incorporating the acquisitions into the gross profit line. It's offsetting any minor improvements that you have from a currency perspective.
David V. Elkins: As we said for the full year, we're going to be coming in that 25.5% to 25.7% for the year, and that's mainly driven by the geographic mix of our business.
David V. Elkins: Well, we had 2 offsets going on. So we had very solid performance as we talked about in the Medical business, which was benefited by the acquisition. But as you saw on the quarter and as you saw last quarter, we had continued very strong growth from a Safety perspective. On the Diagnostics side, we had good solid performance in our Preanalytical Systems within the quarter, and offsetting that was the challenges that we saw in the research instrumentation within Biosciences and the tougher competitive environment in the research reagents, as Vince and Bill both talked about earlier. So and again, this just shows that geographic, as well as business diversity despite some headwinds, to be able to deliver some solid numbers in the top line.
David V. Elkins: That's right. That includes 3 acquisitions that Vince mentioned earlier. Carmel, Acurri and our KIESTRA acquisitions.
Tom Polen: Amit, this is Tom Polen. So TriPath, our Women's Health business, grew 5% in the quarter, and that was a mix as we've talked about it in the past few quarters in the U.S. relatively flat and positioned to continue to increasingly recommend a 3-year interval for testing. X U.S., we continue to see strong double-digit growth in essentially every region outside of the U.S., and that's happening really by 2 things. One is as customers are upgrading from conventional pap liquid-based cytology and as developing countries continue to expand access to cervical cancer screening. So we continue to be pleased with solid performance in our Women's Health business.
Tom Polen: Sure. So just in terms of growth characteristics across the business. So as we think about the quarter, we had 3.2% growth, which was driven on a couple plusses and a couple minuses there. So on the negative impact side, we saw obviously an extremely light flu season. Our flu business was down 25% for the quarter as a result of that. Also we see that as a onetime event that we don't expect to repeat for the balance of the year. The second topic, which Vince mentioned at the beginning of the call, was that our GeneOhm business was down 7% for the quarter, driven exclusively by increased MRSA competitiveness and MRSA pricing pressures in the U.S. I emphasize that's strictly in the U.S. And that's ahead of our BD MAX assay in the U.S., which is planned for launch later this year. And I've mentioned that trend on MRSA pricing and the competitive tendency over the last few calls. Cdiff continues to grow at very strong double digit, both in the U.S. and x U.S. Of course, that's off of a smaller base than the MRSA market. On the other side, we're continuing very solid performance this quarter in our microbiology business. I don't think we've typically disclosed the growth rate of that. Our molecular STD business was up 6% for the quarter. So we're very pleased with the ongoing performance there. And of course, as Vince mentioned, we're very pleased with the acquisition of KIESTRA, which we finished this quarter, and the integration is moving forward as planned. On your other question just regarding the Hologic's acquisition of Gen-Probe and how we view that. Of course, Gen-Probe has been very publicly in play over the last year, and so the acquisition doesn't come as a surprise to us. We've made our integrated molecular cytology strategy in Women's Health clear for some time now. And I think actually through this move, Hologic is making it clear that they see value in a similar type of approach. We're moving full speed ahead with no specific change in our strategy. And our new solutions remain on track to begin launching next year, as Vince described. And just to summarize, those being our Viper LT molecular platform with the new HPV genotyping assay, our Trichomonas assay on Viber, our new SurePath Plus Molecular Pap and our new Women's Health automation that manages that front-end sample processing across, both our molecular and cytology platforms.
Tom Polen: Tom Polen. So specifically again, to the U.S. it was referring to more of a competitive player, and this goes back actually this last quarterly call. It goes back to last year as Roche entered the MRSA market in the U.S. with a very different pricing approach is where we started seeing the significant change competitive intensity and price around MRSA in the U.S. So it's really that specific event and that specific entry that we saw being to change the U.S. dynamics of it.
Tom Polen: Brian, it's Tom Polen. We have seen typically in Europe, obviously, which is where we launched our MRSA and more recently, our C.diff assay, we have seen some competitive conversions. We're off to about 60 placements year-to-date there. So solid initial traction. About that many customers also using the system as an open platform. Obviously, the most significant launch for MAX will be the MRSA launch in the U.S. just driven by that market size. As Vince had mentioned earlier, I think we remain on track for that launch scheduled for later this year.
Tom Polen: No, there are more coming. We've got them in the pipeline -- just more to come later this year, we would expect.
Tom Polen: And just a note. So at this point, for MAX we've got about -- we have 18 assays in the pipeline in combination of internal and external partnerships. And again by the end of this year, we will expect that number to be well north of 20 as we communicated in the past.
Tom Polen: I think our Women's Health and core pap business is growing, ahead of the above market rates. And our microbiology business is solid, again, on a global basis as well.
Tom Polen: Bill, this is Tom Polen. So on our HPV assays, it is progressing well in development. We're pleased with the performance we're seeing internally, as well as roughly 2 or 3 Polish studies now against pure assays and pure assays are performing very, very well. And as Vince mentioned earlier as we communicated in the past, we remain on track to launch in EU in FY '13, and we will have not shared yet but we will be sharing this year our timing on the U.S. launch. We're beginning trials for both those launches over the next few months.
Tom Polen: So we don't report about -- we usually reported GeneOhm separate from our STD business. As I just described earlier, the STD business, our Viper and ProbeTec, up 6% in the quarter and GeneOhm down 7%, as I described. In terms of MRSA volume overall in the U.S. certainly we've seen a stabilization -- not stabilization at 0, but a stabilization of growth in MRSA. The conversion to the screening in the U.S. specifically around MRSA is certainly not the same growth rate that it was several years ago, but it is still growing north of probably that 10% range in the U.S.
William A. Kozy: David, this is Bill Kozy. We're going to give you an example here from BD Medical related to your question. But if you looked at Medical's growth for the quarter of about $52 million year-on-year foreign exchange neutral, about $30 million of that growth is coming from either acquisition or new product launches. And you saw some of those products and heard them mentioned during Vince's remarks. But if you took pharmacy solutions, Autoguard with Blood Control, Diffusics, ReKindle, Nano and the Auto Shield Duo pen needle, I mean, that's kind of the category of products in the mix of both acquisition and organic new product launches that are starting to have some impact. And these are all, as you know, with the exception of the acquisition are all very early stage. So we're encouraged by those launches and, at least, some of the early penetration activities that are underway. We are tracking this as you would expect quarterly, and we'll look forward to discussing this more.
William A. Kozy: Yes, this is Bill. I think Vince has hit the key topic here. This is on the not the clinical reagents but the life science research reagents, and the competitive activity, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, we've seen escalate in the last year or 2 driven by both numbers of competitors and price. So it's classic competitive situations in a market where it's a little bit soft. So we're seeing a little bit more intensity there than we've seen in the past. It's combined with the slower instrument activities. It really put some pressure on the Bioscience business in this last quarter.
William A. Kozy: This is Bill. Just a little bit more color to build on David's comments related just to the quarter and to the 7% growth. We had some strong demand from vaccine customers in the quarter, and we also got some increased demand related to this expanding use of generic low-molecular-weight heparin as another competitor has entered that market but, of course, also utilizing our product portfolio. We also had some favorable impact in Europe due to some onetime demands from one of our major pharmaceutical customers who was up against a favorable comp versus the prior year. So just to build on David's comments, we got a good 3%, 3.5% growth in the quarter. That's a little stronger than what we see for the year. So we had a little tailwind in the quarter.
William A. Kozy: This is Bill. For the quarter, just looking at the second quarter we saw a little bit more of a normalized price impact in that range of 1% to 2%, which we've talked about historically. If you think about that, the largest pressure's on the Med/Surg business, positive impact from Diabetes Care and pretty much close to flat in Pharm Systems. So think about Diabetes Care and Pharm Systems serving as a little bit of an offset to some ongoing price pressure that we have in the Medical Surgical business but pretty much in the range that we planned on.
William A. Kozy: I think what probably worth mentioning our success the quarter with safety and particularly with the IV catheters, particularly outside the U.S.
William A. Kozy: Sure. This is Bill. In terms of the vaccine campaigns that ran of course in first half of the fiscal year, those were pretty much on expectation. Nothing extraordinary. Nothing way behind. No disappointments. So we would anticipate our second half of the year to reflect kind of traditional ordering, and that's the way we're thinking about it in the guidance that we provided. And as you might recall, it's that third quarter where we tend to see our flu vaccine order processing take place. So we'll have much more for you in the next quarter to affirm that position.
