Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we stated in our press release, we are very pleased with our results this quarter and our great finish to the year. Many of you already know that this was a unique year for BD in which we successfully completed the largest acquisition in the company's 118-year history. The powerful combination of BD and CareFusion has already delivered measurable results, which we will speak to throughout this presentation. As we continue to make progress with the integration of these two great companies, I've become increasingly confident in our ability to deliver end-to-end solutions that increase efficiencies, reduce medication errors, and improve patient safety in all healthcare settings. Turning to slide 4, I'd like to highlight some key achievements in fiscal year 2015. First, our results reflect our consistent performance and the benefit of our diverse geographic and product portfolio, with revenues growing at 5.3% this year. Our core remains strong, and our product pipeline continues to drive growth across the portfolio. Second, we moved into two highly strategic areas. Through the acquisition of CareFusion, we significantly expanded our presence and are now the global leader in a $20 billion medication management industry. We also entered into the high-growth area of genomics through our strategic acquisitions of Cellular Research and GenCell. We believe that BD is well-positioned to add long-term value in these spaces by providing researchers and clinicians with leading technologies that are scalable, high-quality, efficient, and cost-effective. Third, we have continued to invest in higher-growth emerging markets. Emerging markets grew over 9% this year and continued to be a key driver of growth for the company. We're also working to create new growth opportunities for CareFusion products in these markets and expanding their global reach by leveraging BD's international infrastructure. We currently have numerous products in the registration process across multiple geographies. Fourth, we have continued to refine our operating effectiveness and efficiency initiatives, which have generated accelerated margin expansion. Together with CareFusion, we drove approximately 100 basis points of underlying margin expansion year over year, which includes approximately $50 million in cost synergies, demonstrating our ability to deliver on our synergy capture commitments. Our synergy cost savings have largely been driven by G&A, and we have already made good progress with our optimization of our manufacturing footprint, with six plant closures this fiscal year. Over the deal horizon, we have detailed plans to continue our plant network optimization and drive increased automation across the network. Lastly, we completed our 43rd consecutive year of dividend increases, in addition to paying off the $1 billion term loan used to partially fund the acquisition, which highlights our effective deployment of capital. As we look back, we closed our first combined year with broad business strength. We exceeded our financial and operating goals, and we are successfully executing on our acquisition of CareFusion. As we look forward, we will continue to build on our strong foundation, and our acquisition of CareFusion helps us significantly accelerate our ability to deliver effective healthcare solutions for customers around the world. Moving to slide 5, you'll see the guidance for fiscal year 2016 on a currency-neutral basis. For fiscal year 2016, we expect currency-neutral revenue growth of 4.5% to 5%, based on our current view of the environment and various macroeconomic factors. Of course, we have contemplated a number of items that could bring us above or below that range, including pricing, a stronger or weaker flu season than expected, the performance of new product launches, and emerging market growth. On the bottom line, we will continue to drive accretive, high-quality earnings growth. For fiscal year 2016, we expect adjusted EPS of $8.73 to $8.80, currency-neutral. On a reported basis, we expect adjusted EPS of $8.37 to $8.44, while overcoming significant FX headwinds. This reflects operational accretion from the CareFusion acquisition of about 22%, an increase from our previously stated deal accretion target of high teens. In addition, we are pleased to announce that we've increased our cost synergy target from $250 million to $325 million to $350 million as we exit fiscal year 2018. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris, who will walk you through our financial performance in the fourth quarter and full year, along with additional details about our fiscal year 2016 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, and we really haven't changed our view on the revenue synergies from the start of all of this. The geographies may have moved around a little bit, but in total, it's looking like the same opportunity.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, I think you're talking about the U.S. from a hospital budgeting standpoint, and we're assuming pretty much status quo in terms of the U.S. marketplace. Not a lot of improvement, but continued, consistent demand. And we feel good about where we are from a capital standpoint and the backlog that we have. So I think we're in good shape there. In terms of emerging markets, as we mentioned in the quarter, in China we did some proactive work with the distributor community. Remember, we don't give credit to the distributors. So we want to make sure we had the right amount of inventory, and so we've completed that work. So underlying growth I think was closer to 11% in the quarter for China.
Vincent A. Forlenza: 12% Excuse me, 12%. And so we see China continuing to grow in the low teens. And of course it's become quite large at this point in time. It's about 5% of BD's sales. We expect India to do well, and we saw good performance this year in India. If you look at Latin America, Latin America did well, with the exception of Brazil, and we continue to expect weakness in Brazil this year, but the rest of Latin America has grown quite nicely, and so we're getting good growth out of that. We think EMA is going to be okay as we move forward. And we're projecting Russia to be soft. And when you add all of that up, you get to our guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, let me start on the top line. And if I go back to the beginning, what we said was that CareFusion was about a 3.5% grower. BD was growing at about 5%, and our long-term goal was to get CareFusion up to about the 5%. And that would come through both the geographic expansion and new product opportunity as we synergized with CareFusion across the medication management process. And that is still the strategy. And you're right, the base business in both CareFusion and BD is performing well. And we had a strong quarter. It was about 4% underlying, I think Tom was trying to tell me.
Vincent A. Forlenza: That is still our goal, and we still have work to do to get there. But we are pleased at where we are at. Now, in terms of letting this all – how we think about this, Chris has laid out what the financial characteristics are going to be for the next couple years. What Chris has said in the long term was 5% and 10%. And we haven't come off that. Chris may want to add some color to that, but that implies that we will be investing for the future and also returning value to the shareholders. So, Chris, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, Brian, certainly we will continue to look for assets in the space. We're very excited about the Cellular Research deal that we just concluded, because we think it is such a great fit with the flow cytometry business, and really does give researchers a new process and a better way of understanding cells. I mentioned in my remarks, you can look at the cell surface markers and you can look at the DNA. And this is where we're really enabling that for the first time. So it's pretty exciting. So Linda will continue to build that business. Thanks for your question, Brian.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Okay, so if I start on the Medication Management side of things, as we have proceeded with the integration, including the product lines, the work that Tom and his team have done with Cato and CRISI is actually expanding the solution set there, and that seems to be well-received by the customer base. I mentioned also in my prepared remarks that the Pyxis Mini, we're in the process of launching that. And we see that as very important as integrated delivery networks start to think about how they coordinate care across the entire network. So we see ourselves doing quite well from a product standpoint to support that solution going forward. And the more conversations Tom and I have with the customer base, that seems to be the right strategy. So that was the reason behind my remark on the Medication side. On the Diagnostics and Life Science side of the business, Linda can speak to this a little bit more, I'll ask her to in a second. But the ramp-up that we are seeing in Kiestra is quite strong. And so a full automation solution on the microbiology side is really coming along, and we've also added to that with Bruker. So, Linda, you might want to mention how we did with Kiestra, especially in the U.S. this year, and how that's ramping.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, Rick, just to add to that and take it up to a different level here, at the 50,000-foot level, the informatics capability as we understand it now and the way we can leverage that capability across the company, not just on the Medication Management side, but we believe also into the Life Science side, we think is going to be a real enabler of solutions going forward. Now, we're not going to get into detail about that today, but as we evolve that strategy, that's something we'll be talking to you about as we go forward.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So in terms of Brazil, what we were referring to really is the timing of tenders in Brazil. So that's related to government funding and how aggressively they ramp that up. And so we generally have a good sense of what the timing of those tenders would be as we put together our budget. And so my remarks reflected that knowledge base from the team down in Brazil and also what they're seeing in the other countries in Latin America, where they see government funding continuing to ramp up and a continued build of those systems. And so that's the macroeconomic factors that I'm talking about. It's mostly government funding. Now, if you go over to China, it's a situation where the government is continuing to build out the healthcare system. It is growing somewhat slower, a couple percentage points slower, than it was in the past. And we've reflected that our guidance. It also reflects what we mentioned last quarter and this quarter, which was a slowdown of action on diagnostic instrumentation tenders. And that is driven by a desire of the hospitals not to get audited as part of the anticorruption process that's going on there. Doesn't mean the hospital did anything wrong. It's an added burden on the hospital, and if they can avoid that in the short run, they would like to do that. We've taken all that into account as we guide. Now, in terms of working with our distributors, we work with them very closely on what their inventory levels are. We have our own sales force calling on the accounts. So we have a view to the pipeline. We do not leave that to the distribution community. So those are the factors that we look at as we take this all into account.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, we continue to out-index our peers in emerging markets by a substantial amount, too. And of course it's become so big, even though, if you take something like China, where the growth rate has come down, the actual absolute number is still about where it was. So it's still a big impact and a big growth driver. And if I look out over the long term, we still see a very long ramp there.
Vincent A. Forlenza: In terms of your math, Chris, he was asking about the 100 basis points that CareFusion had in their plan.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, Vijay, just one other point on the integration. So think about as Bill transitions, Bill is transitioning the manufacturing operations side. He's been working with Steve Sichak, of course, who runs all the reloco and all that. Success is getting it into that process, getting it into the business, and executing on it. And what we were indicating is we're already doing that with the six plants that we started. So we put it into our normal process. The other big bucket is the G&A side, and of course who's been driving that but Chris. So we're well aligned on this. Bill has done just an absolutely fantastic job. And I can tell you, he won't go out the door until he gets this thing buttoned up, because that's just his nature. But, anyway, thanks for the question.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. So I would like to thank all of you for your participation today on the call. I look forward to reporting on FY 2016. And, once again, I would like to thank all of the BD associates around the globe for their tremendous work in 2015. Thanks very much.
Thomas Polen: Hey, David. This is Tom. So, as we've discussed in the past, we are pursuing a number of opportunities for revenue synergies in the combined portfolio. We have begun investment work on those registrations and actually submitted several dozen registrations in FY 2015. Of course, that process does take some time. And as I've said in the past, we expect it to take about two years to start seeing the benefits of those pull through in sales. So more of an FY 2017 effect than a 2016, and that's right in line with what we've said since the deal announcement.
Thomas Polen: Correct. And we expect CareFusion, like you said, historically, about 3.5%. We expect them to be about 4% in 2016.
Thomas Polen: I think as we've shared in the past, we've been realigning our portfolio. We are on track for the next two launches in the high-alert drugs; hydromorphone and heparin we do expect to launch in FY 2016. And so as we add those to morphine, which is our current high-risk drug that's doing very well in the marketplace, we expect those sales to continue to accelerate, so.
Thomas Polen: Hi, Harris, this is Tom. So, as we have discussed, as you said, we've been working on the process improvements. We're quite pleased at the progress that we've been making there. We are seeing that process improve over the last six months in particular. And so we still have more work to do, but we have been applying some of our operational systems and Lean approaches to make that better. And we will be continuing that over the balance of FY 2016. What I would say, as well, is that while we're improving the installation process, we are continuing to see very strong demand for customers for ES. So we do not expect any change in that going forward.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yep, you got that piece right in terms of infusion. So, as we pointed to, the overall CareFusion was 9.9%. If you remember, that was a quarter that was their closing quarter, so that comes into play. You also got the F&P contract loss that we talked about. And then on the legacy BD side, we have the normal pharmaceutical sales, timing of orders, and so that tends to be weaker in the first quarter. And then last year you had Diagnostic Systems with a strong flu season. We're just calling a normal flu season this year. So that could vary, but you put all of those things together and it makes for a tough comp in the first quarter.
Christopher R. Reidy: Okay. That's about four questions, David, but they're all good ones. So on the tax, I think we've said from the beginning that we do expect to get tax synergies, but we thought that when you put two big companies like ours together, it'll take a while to get those structures in place and see through that. We've done a lot of that work and we do see those synergies coming sooner than expected and so you're seeing that in 2016. We do say that ultimately we want to be at the high teens, which is where we've been driving for a number of years. But I wouldn't say past 2016, 2016's in that 21.5% to 22.5% range. After that, I wouldn't ramp it much more than 50 basis points a year after that. We'll provide more insight into that going forward, obviously. But that wouldn't get you down to the high teens by 2018. So I wouldn't say it's an acceleration of the ramp to the high teens, but we are getting it earlier than we had originally anticipated and it's showing up in 2016. In terms of the synergies, what's driving the increase from $250 million to $325 million and $350 million is, as we've been saying all along, we needed to see some traction. Initially, you get out-of-the-box synergies early on, so a reduction of public company costs. And we had good visibility to that. What we needed to see is visibility to the next wave, which is things like IT synergies, putting the combination of the two companies together and getting system synergies and system synergies throughout all of the functions. And so we've now seen some of that traction. We've also even seen some traction in the manufacturing area. As we mentioned in the remarks, we've had six plant closures. So we've started to see some visibility and traction along those lines and that's what gives us the confidence to raise it to the $325 million to $350 million. Now, in terms of the timing that you talked about, we mentioned that we had about $50 million in the first six months. We see that turning into about $100 million for next year on a full-year basis. Then you get about an extra $40 million incremental and that turns into a full-year impact the following year of $80 million. We see the about $40 million incremental kind of ratably over the next couple years, and if you roll it out that way, you get to the $325 million to $350 million.
Christopher R. Reidy: Right, so the only other thing I would add is, as you think about 2017 and 2018, you have that base model of 5% on the top and 10% on the bottom, but then you do get some incremental pickup from the synergies. And as I answered earlier, we see that incremental amount per year to be about $40 million, then annualizing it for the following year. And so if you run that math, you pick up a couple of percentage points on the bottom, on top of that 10%. So that's the way to think about it.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, I think once you get out and you're past the synergies, you kind of go back to that base model.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So, the accounting adjustment. There's nothing unusual; when you put two companies together, you do see sometimes a difference in the way certain expenses are accounted for. So the adjustment kind of brought costs from SSG&A, mostly related to things like quality and up into cost of goods sold. So it doesn't affect the bottom line, it's just within the P&L itself. When you look at our chart 17 and we talk about the guidance, we've kind of done the comparable basis for you. So there's two things going on when we adjust for comparable basis. One is these accounting adjustments. The other is the fact that CareFusion had a half a year before us. So their percentages were different. So we wanted to put it on an apples-to-apples basis, and chart 17 does that. So if you look at, for example, SSG&A or gross profit on chart 17, what we're showing in 2015 actual on a comparable basis is equivalent on an apples-to-apples basis with our 2016 guidance. I forgot what your second question was.
Christopher R. Reidy: So pricing, the way to think about that is over the last couple of years, essentially pricing has been relatively flat. Last year it was down slightly in 2014. This year, it's relatively flat. And so that's really indicative of the guidance that we're going forward with. Flat to slightly down. So it's very consistent with what we've seen over the last two years.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, the $1.13 is the last-30-day average; it's actually the last-90-day average, too. The euro was at $1.13 about 10 days ago. So there's been a lot of volatility. We've set our budget up at the $1.13. What I would point to, the fact that as we look forward, the euro really had a big impact in the current year, going from the $1.26, for example, in the first quarter, down to $1.13. And that was the biggest impact on FX in the current year. As we look forward to next year, that $1.16 down to the low $1.10 to $1.13 is much less of an impact going forward than some of the other currencies that we pointed to. So if you looked at our prepared remarks, we point to things like the Brazilian real, as well as the Canadian dollar. Those are huge drivers going forward into the 2016 guidance. We did decide we didn't want to mark-to-market, for example, on a euro basis, and we're comfortable with the guidance we gave, given the full basket of FX currencies.
Christopher R. Reidy: I would just add that we feel real good about the China growth. If you look at this year over 15% and next year low to mid-teens, that's really strong growth, continues to be strong growth and outpaces our peers from a growth standpoint.
Christopher R. Reidy: Just to put it in perspective, though, if you look at China, one thing we have said is a 2% decline in China, for example, in their growth rate is only worth a 0.1 point of growth on the BD level. And Brazil is much smaller than China. So just to put things in perspective.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, so just – there's a lot of ins and outs because of the fact that CareFusion had lower operating margins for the first half of last year. And so if you look at that, we're giving guidance of 21% to 22% versus the 20.7% last year. That's about 130 to 150 basis points of underlying growth, and we mentioned that in the script. And you have about 40 basis points of FX headwinds in there. So we feel good about the fact that we're driving that operating margin improvement, both next year and gross profit. So you can see that we're up year over year on the GP line. Again, overcoming about 40 basis points of FX. So about 50 basis points of improvement operationally, and we're continuing the SSG&A performance with another 30 to 40 basis points of operating margin improvement. Now, if you look at SSG&A, if you went back to a combined basis in 2014, you're looking at like 25.7% of revenue. And we're now looking at that down over 100 basis points. So we obviously got a lot of synergies in year on the SSG&A line, and we're doing better on top of that going into next year. So the combination of all of those things point to the increase that we had. And if you look back at the chart that we had, chart 16, you can see that the accretion we talked about being 22% versus the high teens. But the thing that I would point to is that, excluding FX, we're driving $8.73 to $8.80 in terms of EPS on an FXN, neutral, basis. So really doing extremely well on the operation accretion. We've got the tax rate efficiencies kicking in and overcoming that FX headwinds, which are significant with about 5% headwinds from FX.
Christopher R. Reidy: So as Vince said, that would be me. And I've been working hand in hand with Bill over the last year. And now we're down to the execution phases, as we said. We've seen those synergies, the traction on those, our ability to use shared service centers, some of the end-to-end process improvements that we have, some of the plans that we have in place on manufacturing. So those are well under way, and hopefully in good hands as Bill retires. So we feel real good about our look forward
Christopher R. Reidy: Oh, sure. So, as we've said from the beginning, Vijay, that our synergies are truly incremental. So you can see what we did on slide 16, that those synergies are on top of the 9% to 10% that we would've normally driven on the BD side. And as we said from the beginning, CareFusion had indicated operating margin improvements that we haircutted from 100 to down to about 70 basis points. And what we're driving in these $3.25 to $3.50 are on top of those underlying improvements that they would have done on their own anyway. And so it really, truly is incremental.
Linda Tharby: Hi, Brian, this is Linda. So, over the long term, we're focused on building a leading genomics position in next-generation sequencing, from sample preparation to sample collection to sequencer ready. So it'll be platforms that are ubiquitous and can be used with any next-generation sequencer. So today those platforms involve our PAXgene sample collection and stabilization products. They involve our library preparation platforms from GenCell, and of course now the combination of our BD flow cytometry with Cellular Research's molecular indexing technology. So all of these in combination, again, we think we will have technologies that allow researchers and clinicians as we move to the clinic, more scalable, high-quality, efficient, and cost-effective. So you'll see us continue to build franchises in that whole upfront sample collection process.
Linda Tharby: Sure. Thanks. So as Vince mentioned a total solution. And if you look at the microbiology lab today, many of the labs look like they looked 50 years ago. So the opportunity with Kiestra and the opportunity to automate that lab from sample in to full now with our connectivity to MALDI's ID system, and our AST solution, you really see a full solution. So we saw great traction. One of our key growth drivers in the fourth quarter was BD Kiestra. Great traction in Western Europe, but also and very exciting for us is traction we're seeing in now China, Saudi Arabia, Japan, South Africa. And we ended the year with a significant number of new orders for the U.S. market. So this really is a tremendous opportunity for us. And then just maybe one other solution I'll speak about on the Life Sciences side, a great growth driver for us with some research and the research market is the high-parameter research solution that we're offering now in combination with our high-parameter flow cytometers, with our X-30 and X-50, but also our Sirigen platform, so really enabling activity at the cell level an understanding that that has never existed before.
Linda Tharby: Yeah, just in terms of overall Diagnostic volumes in emerging markets, we continue to see strong growth in those areas, driven primarily by our BACTEC business, SurePath. We also see strong double digit growth in TB. So continuing to see increases in rollout of our platforms in all of our emerging markets.
