Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we stated in our press release, we are pleased with our solid start to fiscal year 2016. Performance from both the Medical and Life Science segments contributed to revenue growth that was in line with our expectations. Strong underlying margin expansion was driven by the achievement of operational efficiencies and continuous improvement, coupled with the positive impact of synergies. As we move through the first quarter, we continue to make progress with the strategic review of our portfolio. Many of you already know, we recently announced that Fresenius Kabi has acquired the BD Simplist portfolio. We believe Fresenius is a better owner of the BD Rx business, as it complements their existing products and capabilities in the injectable pharmaceutical industry. In addition, we're excited that we're initiating a long-term collaboration for Fresenius to supply us with a portfolio of competitive IV solutions in the U.S. This transaction is intended to enable BD to be responsive to our customers' needs and is complementary to our end-to-end medication management solutions for our customers and their patients. Since we provided guidance in November, there've been a number of new dynamics that will affect our results this year. As most of you already know, several weeks ago there was a bipartisan agreement to suspend the medical device tax. This critical relief is extremely important to BD, as well as the patients, providers and research communities we serve. While some of the specifics are still being analyzed, we plan to reinvest this tax back into the business, which further supports our innovation strategy. In summary, we're confident in our outlook and are maintaining our currency-neutral revenue guidance. We're also maintaining our adjusted EPS guidance, despite significant currency headwinds and are raising our currency-neutral adjusted EPS guidance for the full fiscal year. Moving on to slide five, I will review our first quarter revenue and EPS results, which I will speak to on a currency-neutral basis. Total company revenues grew 1.8%, which is in line with our prior guidance of 1% to 2% growth that we had anticipated and communicated on our last earnings call. Adjusting for tough comparisons for the prior year, this reflects solid underlying growth in both segments. Adjusted EPS was $1.96, driven by the solid underlying performance of the segments. Earnings were ahead of our expectations, as the quarter also benefited from product mix that was incremental to already strong gross margin performance, and some timing of expenses and below-the-line items. Now, I'd like to turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our first quarter financial performance and our updated fiscal year 2016 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, overall, I would stick with what we said. You're really going to see the revenue synergies starting in 2017. That doesn't mean that we haven't done some work already in terms of aligning our organizations. And Tom can comment on that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I think Tom can talk to that. It's mostly on the medical side. As you may recall that it's fairly highly converted in the PAS business, and they're really moving to second generation products, but there's more opportunity on the medical side and Tom will talk about that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, that's okay. I don't think Abbott's buying Alere changes our view on point-of-care testing, but Linda will be happy to update you on the flu and what's going on out there.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. And then, of course, Barricor, which we mentioned on our last call. Now, coming back to the investment on the medical device tax, I think it's an opportunity for us to really accelerate the strategies that we've articulated to you, both in Medication Management and on the Life Science side. I would say, they're both the core business, as we continue to elaborate things like Kiestra and drive that into the marketplace, and drive the genomics stuff that we just started. I think we're in a situation where a lot of these things haven't launched yet, but they launch over the next couple of years. So thanks, Brian, for the question.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So what I would tell you about respiratory is we're running it like – we own this business so we run it to optimize the business, like we do with all of our businesses. Having said that, we are proceeding with our strategic analysis of that business. I would tell you we are making some progress on that, but we're not to the finish line yet. There are a couple of other small pieces that we're continuing to work on also, in terms of that strategic review process and you'll hear more from us as we move forward.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, thank you very much for all of your questions. We are very pleased to update you on our quarterly results and to raise our FX-neutral EPS guidance. We look forward to updating you as the year progresses. Thanks very much.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure, thanks, Mike. Yeah. So we did have results that were right in line in first quarter with what we guided, the 1% to 2%, it came in at 1.8%, which does imply greater growth for the rest of the year. Just to remind everyone that there was very difficult comps, a strong flu season last year. We had CareFusion's last final quarter, and we talked in our prepared remarks about the 6.7% growth that we were jumping over, including the CareFusion 10% growth. And then we had a number of items like in pharmacy solutions where we have the typical timing compares. All of that goes away; in fact it reverses in the second half. So if you remember, the CareFusion businesses actually grew minus 2% in the third quarter. So actually, we expect the second quarter to be back in basically the range that we normally have, the 4.5% to 5%, and you'll start picking up more in the back half of the year against that CareFusion compare. Don't forget we had the AVEA recall in respiratory. So that becomes an easier compare. Emerging markets actually start comparing to more normalized results. You saw China this year – the first quarter of last year was 23% growth we had to jump over. So all of that starts reversing, and so we are confident in our full year guidance.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, you're on the right point, Rick. If you look at chart 14, it really lays that out. The one thing that I would say is that 4% additional is things like the sale of BD Rx. Oil prices continue to give us a lift, as the price per barrel went from $50 to $30, and so whether you call those synergies or – it's all good. What I would point to on that chart is that that $9.01 to $9.08 represents a 37% to 38% increase over where we would've been on a BDX legacy guidance basis. And so how you characterize that, whether it's just accretion or synergies, that's somewhat semantics. We were growing over the expectation that we would have grown 9% to 10% anyway. So we've stayed pure on that. But the tax rate improvements, are those synergies? Yeah, they're synergies as well. It's just not what we had originally contemplated in the deal. So we try to keep a very clear and transparent view of what is synergies and what's accretion and that 4%, as I said, I wouldn't call those synergies. We're not raising our synergy guidance as we did last quarter because these are just kind of other things that are benefiting our cost structure and bottom line that hadn't been contemplated in November. So for what we control, we're really executing extremely well, very pleased with it. But obviously, the FX drag is worse in that regard. Since November, the euro has stabilized at $1.09. Of that 4% drag additional in FX, 1% comes from the euro remaining at that $1.09 and then another percent from other major currencies, like Canada for example, it's down 8% or 7% since November. Mexico is down 8%. China is down 3%. So that's another percent of that 4%. The other two is every other currency in the world is weak against the U.S. dollar, compared to where it was in November, and so that's another 2% so additional 4% drag. So we don't really have a lot of control over that. We do everything we can to mitigate that. So what we control, we're really feeling good about, but we are going against significant FX headwinds. But we really feel good about the fact that we were able to still meet our commitment of $8.37 to $8.44, despite those significant FX headwinds.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, so for China, if you look at the first quarter growth, we talked about the difficult compare against the 23% and we talked about the inventory adjustments in Diagnostics. If you normalize for both of those, you'd be in double digits in China in the first quarter. As I said on the overall BD revenue growth to come, the comparison to prior year eases in the second half of the year significantly. We have, for example, respiratory wasn't even shipping in China towards the second half of last year, so that makes it an easier compare as well. So that's where we get the low double digits. We are getting a little bit of a lift. We talked about most of the CareFusion synergies coming next year, but there's a little bit in connectors and things like that that help us – actually an easy compare against CareFusion's China performance last year, that gives us a little bit of a lift as well.
Christopher R. Reidy: Okay. So I think I got you right. Yes, operating margins have been increased in the back half of the year. When we look at the Q1 compared to expectations, I think what we're seeing is, as you pointed out, favorable gross margin performance in the first quarter, favorable timing of expenses as well, and then below the line, there's a little bit in tax rate. So the 21.5% is a little bit better than expectations, and we see that flowing through to the total year. We were slightly better in interest income and slightly less in interest expense. You put all those things in, and that flows through to the full year. Of course, it's overwhelmed by the items that I talked about with the oil prices being down will benefit the second half of the year, as well as the sale of BD Rx. So you put all that together and we get to the $9.01 to $9.08 and the $8.37 to $8.44 all-in with FX.
Christopher R. Reidy: Okay. So on medical device tax, just to put it in perspective, last year we had about – or in our budget, we had about $60 million for the full year. Don't forget, we only pick up three-quarters of that this year. So that's about $45 million. Right now, we have about a third of that being executed against. The other two-thirds, we're still getting the projects in place, and we do fully expect to spend that this year. There might be a little bit of timing issue. Obviously, in the month of January, we're getting the benefit, and we're only executing on the one-third. So we'll probably just naturally pick up a little bit in timing but not a lot. And that's already in the guidance. But we fully expect to reinvest and we want to reinvest, and we're going through that process now. And then the second question was China. I think that I'd bring you back to – if you adjust for the difficult compare in the first quarter and you adjust for the inventory adjustments that we took in Life Sciences, it brings you back up to a double-digit number in China.
Thomas Polen - President: Yeah. Sure. Hi, David. This is Tom. So I think, as Vince said, we've always commented that it would take us some time to get products registered for particularly the ex-U.S. markets, to put through our channels. Those registrations are well underway. We have several dozen products actively under regulatory review that we've already submitted. We have taken a few products that were already approved and put those through our channels and markets like China and we're seeing some early positive signs, but we've always said it would take some time to ramp and that we would see that more in FY 2017. And we're right on track to that.
Thomas Polen - President: Sure. Hi, this is Tom. So we did have another solid quarter for the overall MMS business and certainly in our infusion business and particularly – and maybe I'll just comment on the U.S., which is by far the largest market. We did have high single digit growth in our infusion business in the U.S., which in a market that's growing low single digits, we certainly see that as reflecting continued strengthening of our position in our Alaris business. So we're very pleased with our results and the momentum that we continue in that business.
Thomas Polen - President: Hey, Bill. This is Tom. So safety does continue to perform well internationally overall and certainly in Europe, as compliance with the regulation continues to support our safety growth. Maybe just to break it into two categories, from a medical perspective as we think about infusion, I'd say we're probably in the fifth inning, let's say, there as that's typically the first area that people convert to. And then in the injection business, which is generally a low – can proceed as a lower risk procedure, we're in even much earlier innings on that side of the business. So overall, we still have a ways to go, certainly several years to go when it comes to the European safety conversion.
Thomas Polen - President: Correct. It continues. Obviously, Pyxis ES is a major contributor to that percentage of new products sales and certainly continues to keep that number up very high for the company.
Thomas Polen - President: Hey, Kristen. This is Tom. Let me start off with the Fresenius one then I'll address the CME. So we're very pleased, obviously, with the long-term collaboration that we've entered into with Fresenius for a broad line of IV solutions in the U.S. marketplace. We certainly see that this opportunity is aligned with our customers' feedback to have additional options available to them and how they buy IV solutions. And we expect to begin launching that line in the very back half of FY 2016. So I think that's probably the most to say about that there, but we see it very much in line in supporting and helping to advance our overall Medication Management strategy. And we've gotten very positive feedback from customers after that announcement. Related to CME, we do sell CME products in certain markets today, primarily in Europe. No new news to update in terms of an acquisition or integration of CME into BD. As you know, we already own 40% of CME and we've talked about options of that going forward. No new news to share there. We continue to promote and grow their products though in the markets, particularly in Europe, that we have had since the beginning of the year.
Linda Tharby: Sure. So as we have seen on the flu, we had a tough jump over versus a strong flu season last year. And not seeing anything that would indicate we're going to get any sort of a flu season this year. As for our position in point of care, on our Veritor platform, we feel very good about our position, both in terms of accuracy, turnaround time and throughput. This is being reflected in our share position, now over 19,000 instruments placed globally, and we're very excited about the new wireless connectivity we'll introduce this quarter.
Linda Tharby: Yes. So both products are in process right now at FDA, so we would expect both of those products to be on the market in the U.S. in Q3 or Q4. We're very encouraged by the growth that we're seeing in Europe with the expanded menu.
Linda Tharby: Yeah. So maybe on your first question on why the delay in China. If you'll recall, we mentioned last year that we signed an exclusive partnership with Bruker on the ID side in China specifically. So as we were putting those instruments into the market, really starting in our first quarter fiscal year 2015, we had expectations on those that, clearly, in the first quarter, we saw that the overall number of tenders being issued were not at the level that we were expecting. So that would explain the delay because of the Bruker exclusivity. We are seeing, though, very good progress, competitively, in that space with now a more expanded solution to offer. And then, as you note, we are seeing great performance ex-U.S. now with the more expanded platform that includes our Totalys and FocalPoint System for a full liquid cytology solution. So we saw this quarter high double-digit growth ex-U.S. on those platforms, and the anticipated launch date for us in the U.S. is in FY 2016. I don't have the exact quarter sitting in front of me but...
Linda Tharby: Okay, so that was a multi-part question. Let me see if I can get at this. So, first, let me just comment on the performance of the U.S. business. The U.S. Biosciences business continues to do very well. We did mention that in first quarter 2015, we had a tough jump over. We had high double-digit growth, primarily in our research instrument base. So we still managed to grow off that base, but it was a difficult compare. So for this quarter, we did see very good growth in our biopharma side, particularly in our advanced bioprocessing business, a business we do not talk about a lot, but is doing very, very well for us. So that was a tremendous area of growth. And then, as we've been talking about for the past several quarters, led by the U.S., our total research solutions platform now, we feel very good about the prospects for that business. Of course, this past quarter launching both FACSSymphony and FACSCelesta, we think across the range of low-, mid- and high-end analyzers now, combined with our Sirigen platform, so really, now, starting to work out that full solution between our instrument base and our solutions base. We see the U.S. research market as being an area that has, if you look at our last quarter report – was very strong for us, and an area moving forward that is in our guidance.
Linda Tharby: Yeah, so new products overall, starting with Biosciences, the research solutions piece, feel very strong about the genomics side, of course, coming with our full launches on both the GenCell side and Cellular Research coming this quarter so excited about that. And then, of course, PAS with their new products and DS with the expansion of the MAX menu, we're really starting to see these kick in.
Linda Tharby: Okay. So on the overall MAX platform, in terms of overall numbers of placements, I'm not going to go into the overall number for the quarter, but safe to say that our total overall global systems now are close to 1,000 placements overall on a global basis. In terms of the menu, of course, the expansions that we saw on the menu in both enterics and CT/GC, what we're seeing now in Europe is very strong double-digit growth and very positive feedback from our U.S. customer base, again starting to see very good growth and placements on our MAX System. And of course, when we get the CT/GC and vaginitis, we're anticipating stronger growth there. On the LDT side, in terms of what we see in terms of opportunity for us moving forward, are you speaking about the...
Linda Tharby: Yeah. So for us, we see that in Europe being a great advantage. European customers are really adapting that as a strong advantage. And in the U.S., again, it's seen as an area for us versus our competition that really differentiates MAX. So great opportunity for us. I would say that the big opportunity that we see is with the differentiated menu that we're already seeing on the enterics and we look forward to on the CT/GC and vaginitis.
