Vincent Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As many of you already know, in December, we celebrated the one year anniversary of the closing of the Bard transaction. Together with Bard, we accelerated our strategy to provide our customers and their patients with leading medical technologies and innovative solutions. We are extremely proud of our achievements over the past year. It is evident that the combination of BD and Bard is delivering value to our customers, patients and shareholders. Turning to Slide 5 and our first quarter highlights. We are very pleased with the strong start to fiscal 2019. As we stated in our pre-announcement in mid-January, our first quarter results were ahead of our previous expectations, largely driven by the timing of certain tax items as well as better-than-expected performance across all three segments. Our results reflect continued momentum across our businesses and regions and strong margin expansion after a very strong Q4 in 2018. Our integration of Bard is on track, and we are continuing to realize cost and revenue synergies as expected. During the quarter, we held our first combined sales training meetings. In every region of the world, there was tremendous energy and excitement about the opportunity we have to make a difference in the lives of others. We are already seeing traction with our combined biosurgery and infection prevention sales force in Europe, which is evident in our financial results. We are also making good progress integrating and simplifying our systems and processes, which delivers cost savings and helps associates work more efficiently. We are leveraging BD shared service centers and the infrastructure investments we made during the CareFusion integration by bringing legacy Bard associates onto our IT, finance and HR operating systems and technologies. We've also made progress with supply chain efficiencies and also with our real estate footprint, combining BD and Bard sites in several key locations, including our New Jersey headquarters. Looking forward to the total year, we expect continued momentum and are reaffirming our fiscal 2019 revenue and EPS guidance. I will now turn things over to Chris for more detailed discussion of our first quarter financial performance and our fiscal year 2019 guidance.
Vincent Forlenza: Yes. So I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Chris for some more detail. Yes, we feel good about it. This is how we expected the year to play out with the exception, of course, of the tax item that occurred in the fourth quarter. But if I go to operating results, this is pretty much what we thought would happen. Of course, we knew we had the large flu coming up that we had to jump over in the second quarter. We did a little better in the first quarter than expected as you heard in our remarks, but we always knew that the back end of the year, the second half of the year, we were going to see higher growth and accelerating EPS. And that's driven by actually all three segments and improving performance across each. There was a bunch of timing things that happened in the first quarter that Chris will walk you through, but you're going to see strong performance across all three segments, the phasing of the cost synergies in the second half and then FX turns around as well. So Chris, those are your high-level comments...
Vincent Forlenza: Brian, just to add 1 or 2 more comments on the Life Science side. What you saw in the first quarter is a bunch of CD4 tenders that got shifted to later in the year, that's going to improve Life Sciences' growth. It also negatively impacted EMA in the first quarter. That's going to come back in the second part of the year as well. And then you saw some Kiestra timing that's going to help. So there's a whole bunch of things across the segments you're playing out that way. And then lastly on the Medical side, we're expecting continued strong growth in MMS as we do well, both in dispensing, but in -- particularly on the pump side of things. And Pharm Systems is going to continue to be strong for the year. It will be a lumpy next quarter, but then bounce back. So those are a whole bunch of things that are going on. And maybe, Alberto, you want to comment on what's happening in the pump space.
Vincent Forlenza: Yes, thanks, Alberto, and of course, we grew 6.7% after we had such a strong quarter in the business. So last year, we were $50 million moved ahead and a bunch of that was pumps. So I think, overall, that should give you a good sense across the segments. Chris, do you have anything else you want to...
Vincent Forlenza: Yes, sure. I'll talk to emerging markets. Yes, we're confident in emerging markets and what you actually saw was a decrease in EMA, which was actually two things, a strong comp, but also these tenders which have moved from the first quarter into the second, third and fourth. And so we're going to see a very strong bounce-back in EMA. We have the orders. That's why I am so confident. It's a matter, of course, setting up the financing, which is something that takes a bit of time to do. So you look at that. Latin America was strong right at double digits and, of course, China was strong and did extremely well. So it was really just EMA, and it bounced back. We have visibility to do gives me the confidence. So I bet a little bit more on share gains and also how we're doing with Pyxis too. You've been talking about the pumps.
Vincent Forlenza: Okay. Great. So you get a sense that our new business model that we've put in place a year ago is really working for us. And Larry, thanks for the questions.
Vincent Forlenza: So I just wanted to add a little bit too on the 0.6%. So obviously, the takeaway is that it had nothing to do with the paclitaxel. It was a tough compare to last year. We had 11% growth and that is, as you refer to the Boston Scientific distribution agreement, which is now ended. Basically that was a loading of the channel that we have to jump over. There's also some timing when you're closing out the year with the transaction. Don't forget it was the last quarter for Bard and that's always a big quarter from a sales comp standpoint, so that made it a tougher compare as well. And there was even a little bit of drag from revenue recognition, we talk about that being immaterial at the BDX level, but it did have a data 100 basis points drag to the PI business. So a tough comp that had nothing to do with that paper, and we do expect that to be rebounding in Q2, the PI business. And we're still calling it to be high single digits for the full year.
Vincent Forlenza: Sure. So as we had called out in the first quarter, there was about $0.15 of headwinds. We see that accelerating to about $0.22 in Q2. Again, the dollar's moved, strengthened a little bit. We have visibility into the profit and inventory coming through in the second quarter. And then the second half of the year, you basically lapped the strong dollar year-over-year, so those FX headwinds abate. So it's really a first half story but accelerating drag in the second quarter for about $0.22.
Vincent Forlenza: Yes. And Bob, I would add that yes, we had 20% growth in the fourth quarter, which was particularly strong but that's really not indicative of what we would expect for the year. But having said that, MMS is very strong and a 6.7% growth rate in Q1, following up that pull forward of quarters into the fourth quarter is really very strong growth. We see that continuing in the second quarter as well with high single-digit growth. So clearly, MMS is growing very strong, it has got a lot of great momentum based on some of the things that Alberto has been talking about. So we really feel good about that part of the business.
Vincent Forlenza: Sure, let me go through each step. So obviously, we talked about revenue growth being down around 100 basis points from low end, so think about 4% and that's really primarily two big things. It's the tough flu compare of about 70 basis points and then you've got farm systems, which grew 16% in the first quarter and you know that's a lumpy business. So that moderates in the second quarter and that's a drag of about 50 basis points year-over-year. Then there's a bunch of other puts and takes in biosciences and a tough PI compare. Those kinds of things will be another 30 basis points or so. So about 150 basis points of drag on the topline that obviously flows down. Then you've got the drag on from FX, which is most pronounced in Q2 as we talked about and that will have a greater impact on the gross margin. You also got the rollout of some of the raw material and resin cost and tariff cost that we talked about, that really hit us more in the second quarter than it did in the first quarter. And then another point I'd make is on a year-over-year basis. We started to ramp the investments to get revenue synergies in the second half of last year and those are ramping, and we continue to spend that or make those investments. And so in the second quarter, the year-over-year impact is a headwind as well. Now it's positive in terms of those investments at driving revenue synergies that show up in the second half of the year, so there's unfavorable timing of spending on things like that. And then lastly, obviously you have the tax rate being 11% in the first quarter, and that's going to moderate somewhat to get to our 14% to 16% for the remainder of the year. You put all those things together. We didn't want anybody guessing. We put out the number of $2.50 to $2.60 just to get everybody aligned with that.
Vincent Forlenza: Yes. Let me take you to the high level, and then I'll turn it over to Patrick to talk about Life Sciences in China, which is doing quite well. And so we actually had the leader of China in here about a week ago, and we see -- even though with the economic slowdown, we could see continued spending on health care and neither real change in the cost control mentality that was there a year ago. So kind of steady on that sense and not doing big capital projects building hospitals but they are funding continuing care. And so we had a good first quarter across all of our businesses. And as I mentioned, a little better on the medical side, including Life Sciences. And so as we look at, not just over the base, the rest of this year, but even in the next couple of years that seems to be the pattern that we're going to expect continued funding of the health care system. It drives stability in the country so that's the way we're looking at, that's where our China team is looking at. So Patrick, maybe you want to talk a little bit about Life Sciences and what you're seeing there.
Vincent Forlenza: Sure. So first Tom will talk to you about the Bard synergies and where we're going with that and then Simon can talk about the really strong performance in the Urology.
Vincent Forlenza: And the environment in Europe, I would call it stable from our business standpoint, we really didn't see any major changes in demand or pricing or anything.
Vincent Forlenza: Yes. Just to support what Alberto was saying. You step back and you look at our safety, how we're focused in safety, remember, once we've done, we did the Bard transaction, we now cover 75% of the HAIs. And so as Alberto was indicating, we have a broad infection prevention program, that is more of the growth driver than a needlestick safety at this point in time, and we think that's where the real legs are.
Vincent Forlenza: I think there's a couple of things going on here. One is hospitals in terms of capital spending are doing well, and we don't see any significant change in that in the short run. The other thing that's going on is that, we've seen remarkable concentration of our customer base and starting to see a shift in governance. And let me call it improved governance across large systems. And as that happens, they want the standardize care, they want to standardize their systems, and I think what you're seeing is, early on in that conversion with that mentality, in the marketplace and the kind of approach that we are taking with HealthSight, and the informatics tying us across the entire system. Alberto just gave you a quick update on the fact -- the number of accounts and whatnot, we think we're very early on in that story and the winners in the marketplace are going to have to run that way.
Vincent Forlenza: Yes, thank you very much, and thanks to everyone for their questions and a really great dialogue. So let me just go -- move my closing remarks. In December, we celebrated the one-year anniversary of the closing of the Bard transactions, and I have to say, we're really proud of our achievements over the past year as a combined company. It's just off to a great start. Secondly, fiscal 2019 is off to a strong start with continued momentum across our businesses and regions after a strong finish to the year in '18 and looking ahead, I'm confident that we will continue to deliver on our commitments. So thank you very much. We look forward to updating you next time.
Christopher Reidy: Sure. And I think Vince covered most of the points. I think it is in line with what we expected, with a couple of adjustments in terms of timing for Q1 to Q2. So for example, the higher tax rate in Q2 is to be expected considering 11% tax rate in Q1. So there will be some catch-up there. FX will be a little bit worse in Q2 than we had originally expected, and we know there are some other offsets to that. But that will hit us mostly in the second quarter. And then Pharm Systems growing nearly 16% in the first quarter. There will be some bounce-back on that in the second quarter, but the first half of the year just about where we would have expected. In terms of the rest of the year ramping, we did expect that, and we're very confident in that. On the revenues side, we've got a lot of new product launches in the pipeline across the business. You've got WavelinQ product that we talked about from the TVA acquisition, Venovo, Covera and Lutonix 018 and even some BTK upside potential. Progel, as we said, is doing very well, and our reintroduction of that product is going very well. As you know, we have revenue synergies ramping in the back half of the year, and then on the P&L side, FX abates in the second half and you start getting the cost synergies ramping. And so all those things give us great confidence in the second half of the year, and we're very comfortable with the full year guidance. It is a little bit lumpy, and that's what we had expected.
Christopher Reidy: Okay, sure. Thanks, David. So in terms of the headwinds, I would say that the headwinds for resin costs, as we said, are getting a little bit better, as is the tariffs. But both of those have to flow through the inventory. So you're really not picking up all that much this year. And we would expect that to be offset by a little bit worse on the FX side as you see the dollar continue to strengthen, not only against the euro. The $1.16 versus $1.14 metric there doesn't seem to be too much, but it's pretty much against every other currency around the world. And so that's a little bit worse. So on balance, that evens out. And in terms of the guidance, it's still very early in the year, and we still have the flu season, which is a big variable that we're watching as well. So it feels like the headwinds and tailwinds are balancing each other, and it's a bit early to call the flu season.
Christopher Reidy: Sure. So just to kind of talk about the phasing a bit. As you know, we drove about $75 million of cost synergies last year, in fiscal year '18. We'll do a $100 million and the rest flow into another $100 million in the following year and then the last $25 million. So if you think about what we said, $300 million, essentially $100 million, $100 million, $100 million per year, but because we only had three quarters last year, some of that flows into '21. I would say that what we're seeing is great traction in terms of supply chain and procurement synergies. And as Vince had mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're really leveraging our platforms and the infrastructure investments that we made during the CareFusion integration, by bringing Bard on to our IT, Finance and HR operating systems. And then notably, some efficiencies in our real estate footprint, think of that as sales offices at this point, those kinds of things, as well as the headquarters here in New Jersey. So we've made good move in getting all the Bard associates up here to Franklin Lakes and closing down the Murray Hill facility, so good traction on all of those points. And then as we think through the remainder of the synergies, think distribution centers and manufacturing plant synergies, those kinds of things, continuing some of the infrastructure as well into '20. And -- so really feel good about the visibility that we have and the traction that we have on cost synergies.
Christopher Reidy: Sure. So what you'll see is, in Q2, the gross margins, for example -- actually a slightly favorable year-over-year, but it should be around the 56% level and then those ramp considerably in the second half of the year and that flows down to operating margin as well. So you really get the pressure in the second quarter and then as synergies and continuous improvement and FX abates in the second half, we see that building. So think about the low end of -- below the guidance range of 56.5% to 57.5% on gross margin, kind of in that 56% range in the second quarter. And so there is a bit of lumpiness but strong rebound in the second half.
Christopher Reidy: So this is -- in EMA, I think you're referring to, and it is a big drag in the first quarter. It rebounds considerably for the remainder of the year and that is Biosciences. It's in a little bit in other areas as well, Diabetes Care, we referred to in our prepared remarks. So primarily, in those areas. And as we talked about, if you look at the emerging market growth of 7.8%, you've got China growing over 13%, you've got a double-digit on Latin America. So you can see EMA was a significant drag to get you down to 7.8% and that's just a timing of orders. And as Vince said, we have the orders in hand, we feel we're confident that, that bounces back for the remainder of the year. And we close out EMA for the full year with a double-digit growth rate. So just an anomaly in the first quarter.
Christopher Reidy: Yes. So Larry, you do see it's starting in the third quarter, so think there and fourth quarter, probably a little bit more in the fourth quarter than the third quarter but still very strong in the third quarter as well.
Christopher Reidy: Thank you. Well, we did pay down $400 million in Q1, and we paid down $1.6 billion since the transaction closed. And we're down to 3.8x leverage at this point on a path to 3x leverage by December of 2020, and you can think about that as ratable. So you mentioned accelerated, this is pretty much in line with what we had anticipated. Now when we committed to 3x leverage, we also left ourselves some room to do tuck-in acquisitions and to continue to invest in the business. And so we've continued to do that. You saw the TVA Medical acquisition as an example of that. So we're not feeling constrained in terms of doing tuck-in acquisitions. And I think it's important that we get back to our commitment levels because when you flex your leverage like that, you're committing to the rating agencies that you're coming back to a more normal leverage level. And we did that on CareFusion, we got back down to the 3x leverage. And so we're very focused on living to that commitment again, and well on our way to do that.
Alberto Mas: Yes, thanks. This is Alberto. Yes, we are feeling very pleased about the performance and very confident on the MMS side this quarter, in particular, and for the rest of the year. On the infusion side, we're seeing continued above-market growth. We do feel very confident that we are gaining category share in the infusion in the U.S. A lot of that has to do with great acceptance of our refreshed Alaris M2 pump with our complete focus on interoperability, where we are seeing now 350 live sites in interoperability, and that's not -- that is a very difficult operational thing to pull off as we know by experience, and I think we've dialed in the process. And we're expanding interoperability beyond Cerner and Epic to new platforms as well, Meditech and Allscripts. And the last element that, I think, is driving the business as well is what I would call more horizontal interoperability as we've put into play all our platforms, and our HealthSight Analytics platform that leverages all our platforms together, not only the pumps, but gives really a lot of visibility across the different platforms is really engaging our customers and providing us nice wins in the marketplace. So very pleased with the performance of that business.
Alberto Mas: Yes. In terms of the category shares, it's very consistent with what we've said before, which is slightly accelerating share gains, more toward 200 basis points in infusion and closer to the 100 basis points on the Pyxis side, on dispensing side. And in dispensing and Pyxis, we really are supporting our core platform with a lot of new launches, Pyxis Logistics, Pyxis IV Prep for the pharmacy and Pyxis Supply as well that happened in the last quarter. So there's a lot of things, together with our overall platform. Again, HealthSight is the overall envelop, if you like, that really helps us in some of the conversion. So also a good performance on the Pyxis side.
Alberto Mas: Yes. We're obviously in the process of defining that, as was mentioned before. The early access units will be available towards the end of the calendar year first quarter of next fiscal year. So we have some time to -- but we're beginning to -- it has to do with obviously, typical evidence generation, it has to do with engaging the payers, it has to do with what channels do we use, in what way do we use in each of the channels. And yes, some additional focus resources that will be paced with our sales and our revenue generation appropriately. So we are looking at all these factors. It's a little bit too early to define these things because -- but we've started the process, certainly in terms of engagement of outside parties. And we're still defining our own channel strategies in detail, so stay tuned on that.
Alberto Mas: Yes. This is Alberto. This -- most of the business on the infusion side is cash sales if you like as we sell the product. So it has to do a lot of with -- a lot of times when we place the instruments, when we install the instruments and that is defined by, obviously, the contracting process but also when the customer is ready for that implementation. So there's a bulk -- a bit of a bulky sales quarter-to-quarter, depending on the disposition of the customer to actually install the resources there, and we can't always control it -- the quarter-on-quarter. Obviously, that normalizes on a yearly basis. On the Pyxis side, most of that now is, given our trace methodology. 75% of that business is very predictable so there's less variability there. But 25% continues to be what we call cash business and that depends on what the timing of the contracts and installations and things like that so that's what's driving that. And we do have some visibility on these things, but ultimately it's when you schedule some of these installations and placements with the customer that drives the quarterly revenues. But we're -- we have some visibility obviously in the coming quarters, and we feel confident that overall, in the year, we'll have the expected results and if not -- we're confident about the overall results for the year.
Alberto Mas: Yes. On the health care worker safety, which is some of our traditional like year, I think obviously in the U.S. that is mostly behind us. In Europe, the big push is there's still more to do, but I think, it'll be a slow, a slow gain in terms of the penetration safety. The big push also is probably behind us, but there'll be steady growth there. And the opportunity still remains in the emerging markets as the standards of livings and the availability of funds happen, there will be -- it'll be adopted more. So that's probably where the upside to it is. We're also not pivoting more to patient safety, a more comprehensive view of safety, and I think there, we're seeing -- we're putting in place some pilots that really can -- we think that can begin to move the needle beyond just the health care worker's safety and more centered around the patient. And there's this other components like a hazardous drug safety as well, which is related then also to more health care. But it's not from a needles and syringes and catheter perspective, but more protecting the pharmacist doing the preps against oncology-type drugs that are hazardous to health.
Alberto Mas: Well, I'll start -- this is the Alberto. And I'll start with the last portion of the question. I think there's two aspects to that. One is that we're expanding the market with new capabilities and HealthSight is an example of that, that we're not there before, and we're doing that fairly uniquely. So that obviously affects our share of the other part, if you like. And then we -- in terms of what the visibility that we have, we think that the current environment and competitive environment will continue in the sense that we anticipate to continue to do that in the foreseeable future. Beyond that, it's more difficult to say, but we could continue to invest in our platforms, in our capabilities and mostly, this comes as better as one. All our platforms are unified in terms of the tax stack, in terms of the analytics and we think that's a big, big driver in the medium term and the long term.
Alberto Mas: This is Alberto, I just compliment one data point to give you a sense of how HealthSight is getting traction. HealthSight Viewer which is something that we -- it's a product that we launched in fiscal '18, already has over 140 sites that are live, for example. There's obviously some others like Diversion, and we've been through optimizations and a little bit too early to say, we do certainly see some contracts flowing through but the 140 sites for HealthSight Viewer are live.
Thomas Polen: Robbie, this is Tom. So I can touch base very briefly on, certainly, the cost synergies but that will really focus on the revenue synergies. Obviously, cost synergies are going as planned, as you've heard earlier, and we expect that to continue to ramp up through the back half of the year. I think, probably the more interest to you is on the revenue synergy side. And so as we think about that overall, we still expect Bard revenue synergies of about $250 million by FY '22 that's greater than the CareFusion revenue synergies of $150 million to $175 million by the end of this year, which is well on track. And of course, both of those are five year targets. So in FY '19, we see revenue synergies to be -- think about it in the 10s of bps. Relatively -- minimal to no profit impact in our EPS benefit in FY '19 because we're investing behind getting those initiatives. We started seeing EPS benefits of the revenue synergy starting next year, more meaningfully. So as you think about what the drivers of those are, as we've said in the past, we invested about $15 million in FY '18 towards revenue synergies.  Most of those in selling, particularly around our vascular access portfolio, bring together the PICC, the midline, the catheter sales team as well as investing in a new surgery sales force in Europe. And so, the three areas that we've talked about historically on revenue synergies are all progressing to our plans. Those three are vascular access, where we've got the broadest portfolio of vascular access devices, again, from PICCs to central lines to catheters. And we've integrated our sales forces in the U.S. and Europe so that they're all selling now the entire portfolio. And we're seeing really positive customer feedback, again, we just did that this past summer. But as we look at our pipeline in those categories, I'd say it's certainly stronger than it ever has been, pre BD and Bard coming together. So we really feel good about the momentum there, and we expect some benefits in the back half of the year. Second on surgery, again, we've just put in -- also late last year, the biosurgery sales force in Europe, and we're seeing some early positive signs there. So we're seeing infection prevention growth rate in Europe went up this past quarter. We're feeling good about the next quarter. And so that momentum is heading in the right direction. We put in -- just to know, we went from 0 to about 50 reps in biosurgery, in Europe, as part of that investment strategy, so it's a meaningful number. And then second -- I'm sorry, third was the geographic expansion. And so right there, we had talked that legacy Bard has invested heavily in China, and saw a strong growth there but had relatively limited penetration in Latin America, EMA, rest of Asia outside China. And so we've started registering -- I'm sorry, we started expanding the channels in some of those markets as well to get after some growth opportunities that we see. So I think that sums up hopefully on -- where we stand on synergies, but we feel good about it. And I'll turn it over to Simon to talk about Urology.
Thomas Polen: Matt, this is Tom. Maybe just to compliment Alberto's comments. So we don't comment on specific competitors by, let's say, we were taking share across most everyone in both the pump-end and the dispensing space at this point. And so we do feel good about that momentum and as you've heard from Alberto as well, we've been continually shifting since BD and CareFusion came together. We certainly continue to invest in the platform itself, let's call it the hardware, which has been traditionally, where a lot of investments are gone. We do have and we've recently released NexGen pump, of course, with the M2. We've got NexGen pumps beyond that as well deep in our -- deep and well underway in our pipeline. And we have the same thing for Pyxis, of course, we launched Pyxis ES, we have got NexGen versions also in our pipeline as well. But we have very purposely shifted a chunk of that investment increasingly into the software solutions. And you saw that with HealthSight, you saw that with the narcotic division, analytics, et cetera. And we see that's -- right when customers look at our solutions versus what may be available from others in the marketplace, it's that software connectivity across the platforms that really allows someone to manage the medication management process in a unique way that we think, we become a very preferred and unique offering in the marketplace because of the solutions that we've been able to bring together. That's in the hardware, but through the software that connects everything and eliminates the inefficiencies in the process and eliminates the opportunities for medication errors in a way that, again, is very unique in the marketplace.
Thomas Polen: And this is Tom. And maybe just one other comment as well just to keep in perspective. Obviously, we get very focused on what's happening in the U.S. with the Pyxis and Alaris and the software solutions we've talked about. But I would say that we're also getting strong performance in the other areas of MMS as well and that includes our CME acquisition that we did the other year, which is for the alternate site home infusion market, primarily outside of the U.S. And also our roll-up platform, which is for retail pharmacy dispensing. We've begun having some sales in the U.S., but that's still as primarily an ex-U.S. business, and it's also growing very nicely double digits. And it's getting of increasing size because we've been growing it double digits for the last few years. So areas we don't speak as much about, but certainly are helping to fill the MMS growth rate as well.
Thomas Polen: So Amit, this is Thomas. So with respect to outside the U.S. we -- as Chris said earlier on to -- there were some tender issues here in Q1 on a global basis that we're coming back from in Q2 and beyond. And with respect to DCBs, across the board, we expect mid- to high single-digit growth in DCBs across the SFA and AV platforms. But I think it's very important that we don't isolate the DCBs when we have a full complement of solutions. So DCBs, PTAs stent grafts, we have the whole bag whether it's SFA intervention or AV intervention. So to focus on one aspect of that is not doing the kind of the leadership of the position that we've worked out to generate any favor. So we look at it as a total solution here.
