Tom Polen: Thanks Dev. We see this as a great opportunity for those BD associates that will be part of NewCo and we're happy to have you and Jake on board. Turning to slide 25. I'd like to provide an update on our ESG initiatives across BD. Over the past quarter, we continued to advance our company-wide ESG initiatives, including our recent commitment to be carbon neutral across direct operations by 2040. We also continue to make progress towards identifying our 2030 goals and we look forward to sharing more details behind our 2030 sustainability plan with you in future engagements. Before turning it over to Chris, I want to say again how proud I am of the organization for the progress we've made in advancing the BD 2025 strategy. We are purposely shifting our focus to growth opportunities. Simplifying the organization to remove complexity as I firmly believe complexity gets in the way of growth and we're empowering our associates with a growth mindset. We are committed to doing the right things, the right way and fulfilling our purpose of advancing the world of health. I also want to reiterate how excited I am for what's ahead for both RemainCo BD and NewCo. BD's Board of Directors and management team believe our plans to spin-off the Diabetes Care business will create value for all stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Chris.
Tom Polen: Yeah. On that first one Bob, we'll be clearer on that as we do the carve-out financial statement. So you can expect to see that going forward. But as you know, we don't break it out at that level at the operating basis – on an ongoing basis. But as we do carve-outs that will be clearer.
Tom Polen: Yes. So as you can see this year, we're spending and investing to drive future growth from the Veritor proceeds. And so that will be something that does not reoccur next year so you will see a lift. And clearly, you would get a lift from Alaris coming back because that was a drag on our operating margins as well. And I would also add the – in terms of FX you see some FX pressure that we pointed out this year. We'll continue to see some of that rolling through our inventory for the remainder of this year. That should turn around next year as well.
Tom Polen: Yeah. We're not going to give 2022 guidance this early. A lot of that will be impacted as you know by what happens to COVID testing. And we're pulling all the levers we can to make COVID testing more sustainable as we think about the combined COVID and flu assay and we're also – we're working on the at-home test. So that should have some ability to have sustainability in COVID testing. But clearly, it will come down. And where that goes will have a big impact on operating margins and gross margins in total as you would know.
Tom Polen: Just so, Robbie, on the question around Veritor, just as a reminder, we've always used, and emphasized the word, towards the high end, not the high end, which is what you just calculated. So if you -- you're maybe a little bit less per quarter than what you said to get towards the high end of the range, right? But to your point, we're almost -- we ended the first two quarters at almost $1 billion of revenue on Veritor. So you could think, we're on basically roughly two-thirds of the way through that number halfway through the year, which gives us confidence in reiterating that towards the high end of that range. And as you said, it's maybe a little bit less than what you indicated, would be split by quarter there. On the Alaris, we do have a backlog of orders that we would be able to ship initially. And then as we think about upgrades, those are shorter install times than, let's say, Pyxis, so it would be a couple of months typically in that space, from an order to implementation for Alaris.
Tom Polen: And, Vijay, you did ask about the -- this is Tom, about the patch. So that does continue in -- the patch pump. That continues in our pipeline with external development partner, as we've shared in the past. And certainly, as we approach the actual timing of the spin, you can expect that there will be further discussions on the strategy of the diabetes business and updates on that and other products within our R&D pipeline and on Dev and his team's vision for the business post spin. But those discussions as is typical in these situations wouldn't happen until we get closer to the spin.
Tom Polen: And Vijay as a reminder we've been reaffirming ever since I've been in the role mid-single-digit revenue growth double-digit TSR and reaffirming that this actually strengthens our position on both of those. So the Diabetes Care was growing below the company on revenue and on operating income.
Tom Polen: Yes. So it's a great question. As we think about other opportunities in the company that we have whether or not it's across our Interventional segment and just the tremendous technology opportunities that are happening there in our BD Medical segment as well future of medication management and the opportunities in the non-acute space, the opportunity again to apply automation and informatics across both our Interventional and Medical and our Life Science business are significant for us. We see very attractive opportunities in those areas. And also of course diabetes business as we look at it, it has a more unique business profile relative to our other franchises. So, for example, they have very distinct patients, physician and distribution channel dynamics as compared to our other businesses. As you think about our BD Medical, excluding Diabetes, our Interventional and our Life Science franchise they have very significant overlap in call points right? They all call on health care systems. It's where we sell the majority of our Life Science products, our Interventional products and our BD MMS and MDS products into that channel. That's very different than diabetes. And as we think about that digital footprint that we've been building out how we're leveraging data and connectivity connected into electronic medical records across the segments that's also a different dynamic than what we see in the diabetes care business, which is again it's not connecting into EMRs in the same way, it's more directly outbound in the patient. And as you think about future technologies like patch pump or other options they also will require a very different commercial channel than is the -- what's inherent in the rest of the BD businesses be the eye life sciences or the rest of Medical. So we think that absolutely there are tremendous opportunities for BD Diabetes Care business which is why we're excited that spinning them will be -- allow them to unleash that potential not competing with other programs in the company allowing them to attract the best talent, reinvest their profits back into driving their strategy in a very focused way and will allow RemainCo BD to also be more focused in executing our strategy. So that's why we again reiterate why we're so excited about this being a tremendous opportunity for not only the business, but for our shareholders and our associates.
Tom Polen: Yes. So, we obviously view that as a form of -- we think about organic and inorganic innovation opportunities as both fueling that growth profile that we have and that we've defined. I think as we think about just the five that we've done this year, obviously, six last year, there are a number of them that are meaningful within the businesses that we have. We're really excited about the new catheter for example in BDI in their Peripheral Intervention business which is where that will show up. It's going to be a great product for them. It's really a breakthrough technology that's in a market that again is growing much faster than the company average. As we think about the two acquisitions in MMS that get us into the non-acute medication management area. That's an area that's growing much faster than the acute care medication management. As we've made very clear in our strategy helping to enable the shift of care into the non-acute sector is important to us. And we want to have a continue our leadership in the acute but be the leader also in enabling the trend that's happening building up the capabilities in the non-acute sector. And so those two acquisitions I think we'll look back on as being very strategic in enabling that. And both of those markets are growing in the teens. So, again, very positive growth rate there. And there's a couple that we haven't disclosed yet and you can see on the slide 13 that we had shared products like an infection prevention product. We haven't launched a new infection prevention product for a while. Obviously, our ChloraPrep franchise and a great commercial organization that drives that product globally. This will be a nice new addition to their bag and we'll talk about that forthcoming just like we did with Pristine. We had acquired that last year but we didn't announce it until now until we're actually launching it. So we'll do the same there. And the same factor with a new vascular access product that we're excited about that we just closed in the last month or so which we'll talk about very forthcoming as we bring that to market. So a number of different opportunities all very relevant in driving our business strategy. All of those acquisitions are participating in markets and we expect to grow faster than the BD average and again, it's part of our growth strategy.
Tom Polen: Yes. Richard, we're still very focused on tuck-in M&A. Obviously, for us as a company of our size, tuck-in M&A can be probably in a couple of billion-dollar range in terms of deal size, but we certainly are not looking to do anything on the transformational side of like a CareFusion or Bard-type size. And that's very consistent with the strategy that we've communicated. Could you see larger tuck-in M&A deals than what we've done to date? Yes, but they would still be tuck-in M&A.
Tom Polen: Sure. I'll turn it over to Chris to share some thoughts on the -- that element that there certainly has been a drag and we've been investing. As we've shared we have a team of over 200 people who have been working on that submission. They'll continue to be engaged in responding to any FDA questions. And obviously, we'll pivot them towards innovation opportunities as we move forward beyond that as well. But maybe just another point as you think about the timing of it, I can give a little bit more color is, if you look back right just factually look back and say over the last few years, how long has the FDA taken to clear pumps. And the date -- the clearance time ranges from 161 days to 412 days. So those are the facts. So call it 5.5 to 14 months. So that's a little bit of the logic. While we're not predicting the FDA time line right now, clearly the timing of approval within FY 2022 will have a meaningful impact in the answer to your question in terms of how we see the recovery and how much that contributes in 2022. And again, as I mentioned before, as we get further in the review process we'll provide updates as we can. But right now we're saying it will be prudent based on again historical clearance timings as I just described. So think about the clearance during the second half of our fiscal year 2022. So Chris, maybe any comments on the drag that it's been...
Tom Polen: And there are areas as we look at that maybe Simon – it's something we monitor very, very closely. We feel very good in terms of where we're – in all of our categories, particularly on the – all of our categories overall. But on the procedural side, we feel very good about our share positions and where we're trending there. So maybe Simon to comment what you see from a recovery because it does vary. We do have some areas that are at 100% of prior year today and some procedure areas that just take a little bit longer. Again, I think that's associated with the severity of the condition as it still opened up and it varies on geography as well.
Tom Polen: Yes. We will continue of course to ship under medical necessity for those customers that qualify. But once we get the 510(k), which again, will have more clarity on the exact timing of that, which will be meaningful. To answer how much of that will fall in 2022, we certainly expect a full year in 2023. But stay tuned on that but in any situation we would expect it to be a positive.
Tom Polen: Yes. We have seen no impact. Of course, the customers have very, very broadly stuck with Alaris. Alaris is the market-leading product for a reason. We've talked about the percentage of infusions, particularly in the US that happened with Alaris and it's a tremendous number. And customers – we do expect the majority of customers to upgrade to the new product as we end up launching that, hopefully in 2022, as we noted is our expectation. So because of that we don't see any impact on Pyxis. Obviously, there is a great value that one gets from having the full BD enterprise medication management suite that allows you to do things like diversion analytics and other parts of our HealthSight platform to use data from not only dispensing but infusion, as well as our software that's in the central pharmacy. And so all of those things remain the case going forward and we think customers will continue to see strong value in that.
Tom Polen: Yes. We -- so as has been our practice until we get the EUA in hand we don't project a specific launch timings. But we've been very active in development on that for a bit. It's been advancing very well in our pipeline. And so stay tuned as soon as we get an EUA for that product. You and everyone else will be among the first to know on that. And obviously, we are taking actions to prepare for that channel which we recognize is a unique channel versus the other ones and we're taking those actions to prepare for that launch. So we think we'll be well positioned when we do get the EUA and stay tuned. We'll look forward to announcing that.
Tom Polen: Okay. Well thank you everyone for the excellent questions. And before we sign off I would be remiss not to wish, Vince Forlenza a wonderful retirement. And I expect that Vince is listening. Vince's last day on the BD Board was last week and I've mentioned in the past that Vince's leadership transformed BD. And I'm also grateful for the time, I got to work alongside him and for his mentorship. So on behalf of everyone at BD I just want to wish Vince all the best. And lastly, on behalf of the Board and the entire executive team I want to thank BD's 70,000 plus associates around the globe. Your efforts and sacrifices have not gone unnoticed. We are making great progress. We're making meaningful impacts for our customers. And most importantly, we are advancing care around the world. I've never been more excited about what lies ahead for us. For those who remain part of BD and for those that will ultimately become part of NewCo these are exciting times. And I hope everyone stays safe and healthy and thank you for listening today.
Kristen Stewart: And Bob – Bob just to note so maybe what we can say is that the Diabetes Care business it certainly is profitable and the gross and operating margins are above our corporate average. Certainly, the company's positive cash flow which is going to allow it to pursue the growth agenda that we discussed, and then again as we file the Form 10 later this year the more detailed carve out financials will be available then.
Kristen Stewart: And Bob, just as a reminder, we've said, we expect to reinvest about $200 million of Veritor profits back into the business this year, right, which are onetime expenses hitting the R&D line as well as the GP line as we discussed that will come out next year, which will be obviously a tailwind. The re-launch of -- the expected re-launch of Alaris, obviously next year would also be a margin tailwind from that perspective as we start getting absorption back in that plant as well as it tends to be a higher-margin item. And so those are all positives as well as continued volume returning in as we think about the recovery post-pandemic, particularly in areas like BDI, which we saw and we can talk about later on. We saw good continued recovery, particularly in the back end of the quarter in March, and we continue to see that strong momentum and Simon can comment on that later on, as we look at April in procedure volume recovery. So thanks for the question, Bob.
Kristen Stewart: And keep in mind Larry too in Q3 there is that large amount of revenues associated with medical necessity in MMS so that does have a little bit of upticks--
Kristen Stewart: And stronger revenues for the second half of the year in MMS too for the European revenues too for pumps.
Chris Reidy: I would just add two comments. In terms of Interventional it actually exceeded our expectations in the quarter, because we had seen January and the resurgence from COVID and we had seen that going into the February call. And that did turn around in March and happy to see it turn around in April. But I'd also take a step back in terms of the core momentum and point to the fact that we see that improving. It's helping us with the outlook for the remainder of this year. And I would also point to the fact that we showed that confidence in what we said about 2022 by moving the core guidance for 2022 from low single to mid digits to solid mid-single digits. And that's reflective of the momentum across the business that we see as sustainable.
Chris Reidy: Yes. Let me take the first one. So you're absolutely right. We put in that, there would be growth of 30 basis points. And just think of that as a $1 billion or so of revenue, which has been relatively flattish compared to the rest of the $17 billion growing that mid-single digits. If you do that math, you can see the drag that that has of 30 basis points. And I would remind you that, our guidance is a recurring mid-single-digit kind of growth rate and so that 30 basis points gives us greater confidence in the ability to achieve that on an ongoing regular sustainable basis. So that's a positive. We haven't addressed the growth rate of spinco going forward. You heard Dev say that his emphasis is on growth. And we think that, being a separate public company, it unleashes that growth potential, because right now spinco would be fighting or diabetes care within BD is fighting for investment against other items that we are -- feel more strategic. So as a separate company, it can invest, whether that is internally more investment in R&D or through M&A, it can do that. So more to come on the growth profile of spinco as a separate entity, but that's kind of directionally the way to think about it.
Chris Reidy: Yes. So as we said this strengthens -- the spin actually strengthens and gives us more confidence in both the top-line and the bottom-line. And that will be clear as we talk about the operating margins as we said from the SpinCo. So this gives us more confidence in that and so it supports that effort.
Chris Reidy: You did mention Vijay that the stranded cost there would be some stranded costs in any transaction like this. We feel good about the fact that we can address those stranded costs. And obviously, we'll have a couple of years of TSA agreements that will mitigate those for a couple of years. So we're not concerned about stranded costs having an impact.
Chris Reidy: Sure. So, number one is that the core is actually accelerating and so the growth rate in the core will be ramping and we're now saying we'll end the year at mid-single digits in the core. So, a couple of things going on as we think about and contemplate the remainder of 2021. So, number one that core momentum is increasing. We did mention that Veritor is still within that towards the high end of that 1% to 1.5% range. But it has moderated slightly as volumes have come down a bit from the last time we gave guidance. And so that offsets that a little bit. And when you're looking at the pure dollars it's that Veritor testing and the COVID testing that's impacting the pure dollars. So, the bottom-line is -- the good news is the momentum is in the core moderating slightly on COVID testing as we look out the second half of the year. You put all those together and we're right where we said we would be in terms of both the topline and the bottom-line. On the bottom-line, we're also seeing a little bit of an impact on the profitability of Veritor as the prices begin to move more rapidly towards the typical flu pricing. And so that's having an impact and that's being offset in the second half of the year. So, we're still within the guidance range on the top and the bottom.
Chris Reidy: Yeah. Just to give a little bit on the revenues the -- in last year, we had medical necessity revenues of about $130 million or thereabouts. And don't forget, we had some non-medical necessity earlier in the year. So you're thinking about $200 million of revenues last year. The run rate prior to that was about $450 million thereabouts. So you could see that step down. And then this year, we see less medical necessity a little bit over $60 million or so in the first half of the year. We see that tailing off in the second half of the year. So that gives you some things to work with to show that there is certainly a drag on growth rate from the step down offset by some of the medical necessity revenues, but certainly a step down in both 2020 and 2021. As you think about next year, what we were giving you a sense of is that we think it's prudent to model that as during the second half of the year. It could happen sooner, we'll work to try to make it happen sooner, but it's prudent to think about it in the second half of the year. And we did point to the fact that there is some ramping that will happen. The good news is that we'll get the full year benefit of that coming back to us in FY 2023 regardless. But we do expect to see some of that ramping in the second half of the year.
Chris Reidy: So we did give some insights into the impact of that spending. We did point to a lot of folks don't realize that some of that actually hits our gross margin and so we pointed to the fact that there was a 70 basis point hit to the gross margin number within Q2. We -- the way to think about that spending in the $200-plus million is that it is more ratable. We do see some -- you would expect some of that to ramp a bit. And so we're not being precise about exactly how much was in each quarter. But it is -- there's more to come. And so it is putting pressure on the margins which is why we're saying that the guidance for the second half is what it is as we expected it would be. So it is important to keep in mind that that investment that we're making does drive future growth, it's not something that will impact margins going forward. It's not going to repeat. And it is as a result suppressing both gross margin and operating margins this year.
Chris Reidy: Sure. So we have seen some improvement in utilization in March for example and that continue in April. But as we said, we don't expect that to get back to the 100% level. It does get up into the 90s by the back end of the year. We're more in the 80s, high 80s now. So we expect that to start creeping back but not completely get back in the second half of the year.
Chris Reidy: Yes, a net good guy. So when we're doing that we're saying specifically excluding the COVID testing, which will get more clarity on as we go forward. And excluding the come back of the 510(k) from Alaris. So that would be incremental to that mid-single-digit core growth.
Chris Reidy: Yes. So no that's -- those are decisions that will come as we move forward and we'll provide more details on that closer to the spin date. We do expect that the capital structure along with the existing cash profitability will provide them the flexibility to pursue inorganic growth opportunities. So we want to make sure that they have that kind of flexibility and then it will be part of what goes into the equation in terms of how much debt they'll carry.
