Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique and good morning to everyone. As most of you are already aware, we are delighted to have closed the acquisition of C.R. Bard on December 29th of 2017. The combination of BD and Bard further accelerates our strategy of providing solutions for our customers. We are committed to providing our customers with products and value-added services all the way through full solutions to enable better, safer care at a lower cost. Together with Bard, the new BD is uniquely positioned to improve both the treatment of disease for patients and the process of care for healthcare providers. Turning to slide 5 and our first quarter highlights. As we stated in our press release, we are proud of our final quarter as the legacy BD. Our results this quarter highlight the continued strength in our core and our reliable, consistent results. We delivered strong underlying revenue growth in both the Medical and Life Science Segments ahead of our initial expectations. And we continue to remain on track with our CareFusion cost and revenue synergy commitments. We are also off to a terrific start with our Bard integration activities which are progressing as planned. In early January, we celebrated Day 1 activities around the globe to welcome Bard and their 16,000 associates. The energy of our associates globally around what we can do as a combined organization to advance the world of health is really incredible. As we come together as the new BD, we have strong momentum across both legacy companies. I'm pleased to report that the Bard's performance in their final standalone quarter was in line with our expectations. Chris will share some high-level details of Bard's results during his commentary this morning. Moving on to slide 6, we are pleased to share our financial outlook today on a combined basis. We anticipate strong revenue and EPS growth consistent with the expectations we communicated upon announcement of the Bard transaction. On a comparable basis, we expect underlying currency-neutral revenue growth of 5% to 6% and mid-teens growth in adjusted earnings per share. I will now turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our first quarter financial performance and our fiscal year 2018 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, first off, in terms of the Gore royalty, as we've been talking about, we expect to be delevering aggressively. And so, we're going to see a decrease in interest expense. So that's number one on the list and the timing kind of works out very nicely from that standpoint, David. The second thing is, yes, you will also see the rollout of the cost synergies. And third, as we get to that timeframe, we're going to expect the benefit of revenue synergies starting to impact. So when you put that all together, I think we're in good shape.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes, we can do that. We have some good data on that that Tom can walk you through. We're feeling very good about that business.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes, so there is a correlation, of course, with folks ending up in the hospital and having other conditions. Now, how to quantify that, that's extremely difficult. But historically, if we look back, we do see a little bit of a positive impact across multiple product lines. We see it on the Diagnostic side with blood culture and you may see, of course, in catheters and those sorts of things. And there is an increase in cardiac events. As I said, it's not big enough that we can measure it, but it is certainly there.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes, and thanks, Rick. I'm going to start back with both cores on both businesses look strong. We came into this year with a good pipeline, and we're making good progress on that pipeline on the BD side. And I just walk you through the Bard side. So I feel very good about that. As Tom walked through the revenue synergies, I think we've got a good plan there. The second piece in terms of taking this into more geographies, I think, could be a further upside for us. That's not where we're starting – that's not our primary focus, but there are geographies, Latin America and other parts of Asia where we think it'll take a little longer to get it going, but we see nice upside there. And then, we're looking to come back to some of those product launches that we have talked about such as Barricor and whatnot, where we're actually starting to learn. We've got the product out in Europe. So I think there are some upsides there. So those are the kind of things I'm comfortable with. The cost synergy piece, I think, is really well planned at this point in time. So I don't think it comes from more rapid deleveraging. I think it comes from operational effectiveness and implementing what we're talking about here.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure, Larry. So I think it's a really interesting question that you're asking. We started last year talking about this, and we basically said that we see this as a stable marketplace, number one. Number two that maybe there's a little bit of cyclicality now built into the marketplace because of high deductible plans. I think that's going on. But in addition, of course, we had the flu. But when I look at the U.S. market, I don't see any big negative impacts from the changes that have been made in terms of healthcare reform and whatnot, the Affordable Care Act, impacting a very small piece of the population. We'll have to see what they're doing in terms of going forward. But on the capital side, we're seeing continued focus on spending the capital that has actually got a real return for them in terms of improving productivity in the hospitals, which is what we're doing. So at the end of the day, I would say U.S., stable, and for us, strong from a capital standpoint. We don't see any real issues there. We've seen Europe come back and bounce back nicely, especially on the Life Sciences side of the business in the Diagnostic area. The focus on funding in automation and those sorts of things has been good. The two places that I would comment on, China was strong this quarter and we expect it to continue to be strong and, of course, that's both sides of the business. The one big change from last year is EMA. Where EMA has come back, it's a little stronger than we normally would expect just from the timing of tenders this year, but it is once again growing for us. So all-in-all, good from a market standpoint; Latin America, pretty stable like it was last year.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. We feel very good about it is what I would say. I think what you heard us talk about is there is some immediate things that we can go after with fast payback. So we're starting there. And then, Tom mentioned as he went through this some more money going into other geographies. And so, we still see it that way. In China, of course, it's – Bard has been focused on, I'll call it, the leading hospitals, the top tier. We see the opportunity to accelerate driving into Tier 2. We think we've got more work to do to plan that out, but we haven't changed our opinion on that. And so, that would be one of the highest priorities, then, the rest of Asia, and then, Latin America. That's the way we're thinking about it. So the answer to that question is absolutely yes.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. I think in many ways, they are similar synergy opportunities as I talked about before. The public company costs and the procurement initiatives are very similar. And you could say that the manufacturing and the distribution would be the same kind of effort. What I would say, though, is we have the benefit of having the infrastructure in place that just is coming to the conclusion of integrating CareFusion. Know how to do this. We hit the ground running. So it's – we're not trying to build the team to go after it. It's already been done. And that second bucket that I talked about is based upon a lot of the infrastructure we put in as part of CareFusion and took the opportunity to do that. So that's helpful as well.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, first off, thank you, all, for your participation and your questions. Let me just say we're really happy to have closed the deal and brought together two companies with an opportunity for a tremendous impact on improving healthcare around the world. We're off to a strong start as you saw, and we're really excited about the prospects of the combined company going forward. So thank you very much. We look forward to updating you next quarter.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, so we're looking at an incremental $15 million or so. Now – you have more clarity around that in the upcoming quarter, it gets a little bit murkier in the second half of the year. But our best guess right now based on what we're seeing in that market, oil prices certainly have an impact, but the market itself is a difficult market in terms of supply and demand. And so, we're estimating right now about $15 million impact. What we are saying, we're also assuming a benefit from the flu upside, and the two of those basically offset one another as we see it today.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. The only thing I would add then as well is you've got the conversion of the mandatory preferred at that timeframe, which helps to offset a little bit as well...
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. Great. Well, as you know, we do the 30-day moving average on FX, and the quote we have today is at $1.22 to the euro. So there's no other basket of currency impact or whatever. They're all moving consistent with the euro. And obviously, we're at $1.235 I think today, so there is a little bit of upside there. We'll see how that goes. We remain consistent with the 30-day average just to smooth out the bumps and the benefits along the way. But if we do see some currency upside, that will flow through in the future. We would also look, though, to see if there is more investments. We're making the initial investment of the $15 million to drive Bard synergies, and if there's significant amount of FX upside going forward, we might invest some of that. But that's to come. And then, on the tax rate, there's an awful lot of complexity around the tax rate. As you might imagine, they institute the tax reform at the end of December, and it's right on top of a very large transaction with BD and Bard. So there's a lot of things going into that. As we had previously mentioned, we see the benefit of tax reform to our tax rate as being a slight benefit. There's a lot of things that go into that. But that's what's manifested in the impact down from the 18% to 20% that we had announced upon the deal announcement, down about a full percentage point down to the 17% to 19%. There are some impacts in 2019 that would be headwinds, as some pieces of the tax reform act go into effect in 2019 that don't affect us in 2018. But we think that some of the combination with Bard and those kinds of things, we should be able to offset that going forward. So we feel good about the 17% to 19% rate as we get that benefit from tax reform.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So let me take that last piece first. That's important in terms of the tax. We will, as part of the press release, I think in the attachments you'll see, that we lay out the impact of the unremitted earnings. So we took a charge on the BD side of $561 million related to that toll charge. And then, that was offset, though, by a $290 million benefit that relates to the write-down of the net deferred tax liability. But the right one to focus on from a cash standpoint is the $561 million. Now, on the Bard side, in their opening balance sheet, they recorded a charge of $220 million related to the toll charge. So in total, it's $781 million. Now, the good news is that we don't start paying that until next fiscal year, and the way it's allocated, it's back-end loaded, so it's really only 8% a year in the first five years. The reason that's important is it really doesn't have a big impact on our three-year period where we're paying down the debt to the 3 times leverage, so really no material impact on that. And then, as we look forward, you see that our cash this year, we're generating $3.5 billion, that's with only three quarters of Bard included, so that will go up next year and the year after. So we generate a lot of cash. So while I'm not thrilled about paying this $781 million over the next eight years, we have more than enough cash generation going forward to cover that. So those are the details around that. And then, in terms of the first question, we beat the revenue that drove Q1 EPS earnings, and that's still within our 5% to 6% overall revenue guidance that will flow down. So the range I think we've captured within our range the benefit in the first quarter. And frankly, it's still early, so we'll see how it goes going forward.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes, absolutely. So what I've said is that there's really you think about this in three buckets. So the $300 million, the first year, you're really talking about public company costs as well as procurement kind of savings. So that's what you would expect the first third to be. In the third year, you would expect the more long-term projects that you're referring to which is looking at manufacturing facilities and distribution centers. And obviously, that takes a lot of planning. You want to get that right. And that's what you would see showing up in year three. In year two, you would be looking at some of the functional systems and transformations, putting the two companies on the same kind of systems integrations, going to Workday, for example, those kinds of things and that shows up in year two. So the only other thing I'd say is because it's not a perfect year, we're looking at about $70 million to $80 million of impact in the three quarters this year, and then, pretty much ratable over the next two years.
Christopher R. Reidy: I think what you have to remember, Brian, is that last year, the flu was fairly strong in the second quarter. So although we had a nice benefit in the first quarter compared to last year, it's not absolute that it will be higher for the year. But in January, we really did see and it clearly is a strong flu season. That's why as we look out – you don't know what's going to happen, it could drop off, so we'll see. But based on January, we're thinking that there is more flu upside in the remainder of the year. And roughly, it's offset by that $15 million increase in resin prices. So that's the way we currently see it.
Christopher R. Reidy: Okay. On the ASPs, what we have said is that we expect pricing across the business to be slightly down. So I think tens of basis points across the business. And then, the percentage of resin, resin across BD is about $250 million. I think that's just the BD side. So that gives you something to work with.
Christopher R. Reidy: So your point there was that Gore royalty does have an impact. The impact of dispensing is about 40 basis points. The Gore royalty hits you by about 30 basis points on top of that. And don't forget you only have Bard only for the three quarters, so that doesn't give you the full benefit. So we won't get that. Initially, what we were saying is that Bard would impact us by 300 basis points or so for a full year. So you have to discount that back to three quarters. So when you have all those ins and outs, that's what you come up to with the guidance that we gave you. As we talk about that flowing down, that flows down to operating margin as well, and we're looking at 200 to 250 basis points in FY 2018 and that will basically give us about 700 basis points over the last several years. And then, going back to our initial guidance, we talked about 200 basis points a year in the next two years, so another 400 basis points through 2020. So when you add all that up, it's about 1,100 basis points from the period beginning back in, I guess, 2015 through 2020, so in five years, 1,100 basis points. So we feel good about that.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. Sure, Kristen. So as I said in my prepared remarks, we did – just to remind everybody, last time, we didn't include it in our guidance, but we said it could be as much as $40 million of revenue and flow down to as much as 1% on EPS. If you remember the timing of when we did that, we were still running on generators. The plants weren't backed up yet. So because of the efforts of a lot of folks, particularly our associates in Puerto Rico and as well as a number of other associates around the world, we got those plants back up and running. They're off generator, although intermittent still, but we don't see the impact. Although on the BD side, we will see some impact. It's smaller and included in our guidance as just one of the many puts and takes, so nowhere near the amounts that we had quantified. And then, on the Bard side, a little bit different. They felt the impact immediately, and they felt it in their fourth quarter. It was right in line with what they had guided to, which was about $30 million of revenue impact, and it came in just a tad higher than that, but right in line with what they had expected, and now, that's behind us. So as we combine as the new company, there is no impact from Puerto Rico in the Bard side going forward.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes. So we still have some impact for the next couple of quarters this year. That's built into the guidance that we have, and then, we lap that I think in the fourth quarter.
David Ryan Lewis: Good morning. A couple quick ones for me. One, strategically for – and then, one, actually more financially oriented. So Vince, just on the Gore royalty, this is sort of your first time having to pro forma Bard. Bard had talked about their strategic plans for how they were going to offset the Gore royalty. You've obviously moved that to other income which is the appropriate treatment. But how are you thinking about the opportunity to offset the Gore royalty, either through M&A, SG&A cuts or balance sheet deployment? And I have a quick follow-up for Chris.
David Ryan Lewis: So generally, you think you can offset the Gore royalty through a lot of operating and non-op dynamics without deploying material balance sheet.
David Ryan Lewis: Okay. Very clear. And then, Chris, just a few dynamics of earnings here. Thinking about the earnings guidance. To us, currency, based on your euro/dollar assumptions, looks a little conservative. Are there any currency headwinds that we're not thinking about in terms of different pieces there? And your tax rate, another piece there where that number seems conservative based on this quarter's rate going forward. So does that reflect your full appreciation of all the tax dynamics, or does that also look a little conservative here as we start the beginning of the year? So your currency and tax and do those look conservative...
Kristen Stewart: I was just wondering with, I guess, now having the acquisition closed for I guess a little over a month now with operating and just seeing the revenue synergies with having the ability now to spend, what sort of spending, where are you targeting it? Is it more for U.S. spend, international spend? Can you maybe just give a little bit of detail what gives you the confidence to spend on revenues and what sort of synergies are you looking at? And I've one follow-up.
Kristen Stewart: And what do you think in terms of the payback on these investments? Do you think that you'll get those back in 2020? And then, just a follow-up on the patch pump. Could you just remind us on the timeline to market then and do you think that taking the resources away from the insulin pen can help accelerate that? Thanks.
Kristen Stewart: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just on the guidance, last quarter, I think you had mentioned that there could be a potential impact from Puerto Rico that could hit later in the year. I was just wondering if you were still anticipating any sort of impact from Puerto Rico from a cost perspective.
Thomas E. Polen: Sure. Hi, Kristen. This is Tom. So from a regional perspective, actually, the U.S. and Europe are the two areas that we're most heavily investing in and about a little less than a third would be in emerging markets, so two-thirds in U.S. and Europe and a little less than a third in emerging markets. From a business unit perspective, those investments are also heavily concentrated within our MDS business unit and the surgery area. And that, as you can imagine, is expected. That's where we see synergies of portfolios coming together. So the PICCs coming in, MDS from Bard in with our catheter and other drug delivery technology, so that's an epicenter of synergies we see. And then, in surgery, where we're moving our ChloraPrep business and V. Mueller business, Interventional Specialties from BD into that area, obviously, ChloraPrep now having channel access, for example, in Europe via the biosurgery team and opportunities for us to further accelerate growth, for example, even in biosurgery channel expansion ex-U.S. So those are the two businesses and two major regions that we're investing in. Thanks for the question.
Thomas E. Polen: Yes. So Kristen, we see, from a payback period, actually, this first tranche of investments have a relatively short payback period. And so, we won't see – the revenue will start to ramp in the very – really see it come through in 2019, not necessarily notable where it will be visible across the new $16 billion company. But we expect the pay back relatively to break even within a year on the first $15 million of investment. And then, there's other tranches of investments that we'll be making in the future as was alluded to earlier on the call. When it comes to the patch pump, again, it continues to go very well and our targeted launch is at the very end of FY 2019. And I wouldn't say we see an acceleration from the investments that we're making in a faster way there. It's more of we're adding in clinical trials and that's some learnings that we've had, particularly in the diabetes space where we want to do more patient testing prelaunch, and so, we've added in a number of patient trials. You heard Vince mentioned actually an active patient trial that's underway right now. It's actually our first use of Swatch in patients with insulin underway, and all of that's been funded incrementally versus some of our original thinking and plans.
Thomas E. Polen: Hi, Brian. This is Tom. So we actually continue to see fantastic customer feedback to the new model. We see our Net Promoter Score actually approximately doubling. Since we've made that change, the feedback from customers has been very positive, particularly along with some of the investments that we've made in clinical consultants who are supporting wider use of the features of Pyxis ES. We've always said that folks only were using about a third of the power of the platform, and now, with some of the consultants that we've been able to fund through this new approach, we're really seeing customers being able to adopt and get more value out of the platform. If you look actually at last year, the U.S. dispensing, excluding trace, was about 10% growth for the year, so very, very strong underlying performance. And while we certainly don't make statements about peers or competition, specifically, I would say that we continue to gain momentum in our customer base. As you know, we have a very significant market leadership position, and we continue to expand that position through integration of our Med Management continuum including our IV compounding platform, what we're now calling Pyxis IV Prep, our inventory management system, which we now call Pyxis Logistics, and the new BD Health site platform that we launched at ASHP this year. So overall, really positive feedback from customers and we're seeing very good momentum going forward.
Thomas E. Polen: Hi, Larry. I would just say for IV solutions, think about it in tens of basis points for the MDS business specifically, and then, obviously, that dilutes out further when you take it to the BDX level. Specifically, on Lutonix, I would just say, obviously, the change in reimbursement that you referenced, it's not something that we like, but it's also something that we expect will have only minimal impact on our growth trajectory this year and going forward. We didn't see fundamentally a change year-on-year in growth, think about 2018 growth for Lutonix and DCBs overall being very much in line with growth that was seen in prior years and we expect that to go forward and that's really driven by the very robust pipeline that the business has. Obviously, we've got the new AV indication, we have BTK coming that's going to help that whole category grow for us, and we expect drug coated balloons are going to continue to grow in line with prior year in 2018 and in the years ahead.
Thomas E. Polen: Sure. Hi, Bill. So we're now over 250 active or in-process registrations when it comes to focusing on revenue synergies, so we're continuing to make very good progress there. And while we don't quantify those revenue synergies each quarter, we continue to expect to see growth contributions in the range of tens of basis points as we've shared in the past. We also expect to see those most visible in the international MDS and MMS businesses. And if you'll notice, you'll see those, if you look at the last couple of quarters, those continuing to go very, very strongly, MDS and MMS international.
Thomas E. Polen: Yes. Hi, Bill. So on the realignment, the feedback from both the sales team and our customers have been very positive. Obviously, our customers really were excited by the opportunity, particularly on the vascular access side where they saw the power of those two portfolios really helping to meet their needs from one partner, right, the ability to provide short and long-term vascular access, be it peripheral catheters, midlines or PICCs. And so, putting those in one business, we have a program what we call optimal vascular access where we help and we're developing more tools and we'll be working on evidence generation around the power of our portfolio to help prevent bloodstream infections, to help optimize length of stay for the patient and for the caregivers that are inserting that and managing that. It can be quite costly. From a side effect, obviously, bloodstream infections, but also just the longer you can keep that site active and dwelling is very important, particularly in some of the longer care patients like those undergoing cancer treatment. Same thing holds true on the surgery side. Our teams are very excited about that realignment. Of course, we had a surgery group come in from CareFusion who was put in our Med Management business, and so, they felt a little bit out of home. They actually feel very much at home now moving into a group that wakes up and thinks surgery every day of the week. And so, there's efficiencies and effectiveness opportunities from that combination. A good example of it would be the ChloraPrep team who primarily goes into ORs and calls on surgeons now in the surgery group, great opportunity ex-U.S. where Bard has had teams calling on surgeons in Europe. BD never had that in the past. They're now – as part of one of the first areas of revenue synergies that we're investing in is getting those products into more surgery reps in Europe now and starting to expand the use of those products to prevent surgical site infections as an example. So overall, we're hearing very positive feedback. But we're also being very staged in the way that we do that integration, right? We're not looking to just suddenly push the portfolios together through one common sales team everywhere. We're being very staged in the way that we plan and think that through so that we prevent any dissynergies.
Thomas E. Polen: Yeah, thanks, Larry. So we obviously don't comment on Fresenius' specific capacity nor their capacity plans. But I would say that we're very pleased with the relationship. The capacity that – and our supply as part of our partnership is very much in line with our expectations, and we continue to work with them very collaboratively on the long-term capacity planning to serve the U.S. market.
Thomas E. Polen: Yes. Hi, Vijay, this is Tom. So on the pen side, as you know, we've been working on that program, and as we just routinely look at all of our projects in our portfolio, we made a decision that due to the nearer term commercial opportunity for that first generation product that we wanted to redeploy those resources to really double down on the smart Swatch. And by the way, when we had originally shown Swatch, it was not necessarily smart at launch, we can also accelerate (01:15:41) work, so the product that we're launching is smart and will have well over 10,000 patient days now of Swatch worn by patients delivering insulin by the time of launch. So that's a significant acceleration in terms of real world data that we'll have versus some of the original plans. When it comes to BTK, so of course, it is a blinded study, so we personally, of course, do not look at that data until the study is completed. I would say that just to give a little bit more insight there, so we stopped the enrollment in the trial, but there still will be six-month follow-up as part of the trial that's planned. So think about by the end of August, the last patients would be completed for their follow-up. And then, we would end up preparing for submission at the very end of the calendar year. But because of it is a blinded, we do not – management does not see the data. As you think about when we might be able to present some interim data, obviously, because it's blinded, we're not going to see the data until the follow-up is completed. But we do anticipate the results will be presented after the PMA submission, but at this time, the study remains ongoing and in follow-up.
Thomas E. Polen: We still see it as that same view from Bard. Actually, the uptake in the first few quarters post-launch has been very much in line with expectations. It's off to a great start and no change in that perspective in terms of the long-term opportunity.
Thomas E. Polen: Yes, Kristen, this is Tom. We expect to begin shipping, that's Progel that you're referring to, at the end of 2018. Think about it Q4 2018 we resume shipping (01:23:36).
Rick Wise: Good morning, everybody. Two questions. First for Chris, and then, a bigger picture one for you, Vince.
Rick Wise: Chris, I just want to make sure that I'm not missing anything on gross margin or I'm understanding the guidance. On gross margin, just a couple aspects (01:06:58). You talked about the 80 bps of drag in the guidance from currency. A couple things, included in that was dispensing, how much was the dispensing? And then, just looking at it, I'm sure I'm not thinking about it correctly. I know there are a lot of moving pieces, but if I just over-simplistically take the Bard gross margin and the BD gross margin and weight them, annualized basis, that looks like 58%, 59% kind of gross margin range. You're guiding to 56%, 57%. Okay, you only have nine months, that's not a full year. But that feels extra conservative. Am I thinking about this correctly? Is it the Gore royalty? Just a little more color if you would on the right way to think about it.
Rick Wise: Great. And Vince, I hate to ask you already where the upside drivers might come from. I mean I think you've given us realistic even perhaps conservative guidance, but do the upside drivers as you work hard to make all this happen over the next year or three come from faster debt paydown, more cost cutting, pipeline upside? I know you're excited about the Bard pipeline, the benefits of the now even larger portfolio as you meet with customers. How are you thinking about it? Thank you so much.
