Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Chris. Moving on to slide 21, I will walk you through our updates on new product innovation and strategic and business initiatives. Starting with the new product innovations within our Medical segment, we're pleased that we will soon be able to provide sodium chloride saline to our customers through our partnership with Fresenius. As saline remains limited in supply, the addition of sodium chloride to our Medication Management portfolio will benefit our customers and, of course, their patients. Within our Diabetes Care business, as you are aware, we temporarily paused shipments of our insulin infusion sets. This was due to a moderately-higher-than-anticipated rate of complaints associated with insertion that occurred during the pilot launch. We have conducted a clinical trial to gather further insights and to ensure that patients ultimately realize the full benefits of BD FlowSmart technology. We are continuing to work closely with Medtronic toward full commercialization. In Life Sciences, while we continue to receive very positive feedback from customers on the overall benefits of our Barricor blood collection tubes, a few customers have reported issues unrelated to test results. As a result, we have voluntarily recalled Barricor in the U.S. and are actively working with the FDA to get back on the market. We anticipate relaunching in fiscal year 2018. Importantly, there is no change in the value proposition of the product. While there are delays in these two products, we're quite pleased that numerous new products that we talked with you about at our Analyst Day last November are on track and are doing quite well. These include our UltraTouch push-button blood collection set, Veritor Plus, new BD MAX assays and the new research in Clinical Instruments within Life Sciences that we talked about as well as Pyxis ES and Neopak in our Medical business, just to name a few. Within our Genomics business, we recently expanded our portfolio through the launch of BD Rhapsody, a new single cell platform for RNA expression analysis. Previously in limited release as BD Resolve, the BD Rhapsody is a complete segment of reagents, instruments and software for targeted gene expression analysis of tens of thousands of individual cells. Also in our Life Sciences business within strategic and business initiatives, we completed a small tuck-in acquisition of a leading provider of informatics software that enables BD to offer full sample to discovery flow cytometry and single cell genomics solutions. We also recently announced that Tim Ring and David Melcher will join the BD Board of Directors upon the closing of the Bard acquisition. We look forward to the experience and guidance they will bring to the new combined company. And lastly, I would like to congratulate our MMS team on the one-millionth installation of the Alaris Pump module. The Alaris Pump is helping health care providers to safely administer medication to their patients, reduce medication errors and improve patient safety. Moving on to our operational efficiency update on slide 22, we continue to make progress with our CareFusion cost synergy capture. Through the end of fiscal year 2017, we've achieved $250 million in annualized synergies. We expect approximately $350 million in total cost synergies related to the CareFusion acquisition as we exit fiscal year 2018. Turning to operating margin expansion, as you can see, we continue to drive significant operating margin expansion over a multiyear period. The consistent performance of our businesses combined with operating efficiencies, cost leverage and cost synergy capture is driving continued underlying operating margin expansion. Over the three-year period through fiscal year 2017, we delivered approximately 500 basis points of cumulative margin expansion. Moving on to slide 23, I'd like to reiterate the key messages from our presentation today. First, our core remains strong across both segments. We're pleased with our fiscal 2017 performance and our ability to offset notable headwinds from the Respiratory divestiture, the U.S. dispensing change, and foreign currency headwinds. Second, we're extremely pleased with the excellent progress we continue to make with our CareFusion synergies and our ability to drive continued margin expansion. Third, we continue to make excellent progress executing against our integration plan and towards closing the Bard transaction. And finally, we look to fiscal year 2018 and beyond with confidence as we continue to pursue our mission to address some of the world's most pressing health care needs and advance the world of health. So thank you. We will now open the call to questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. So, David, at a very high level I think what we've seen is strong growth in developed markets, driven by new products and then improving growth in the emerging markets. Especially if I go back a year, it's really China has changed. And if you look at the last four quarters, it improved every single quarter. The biggest change there of course was the rebound on the Life Sciences side, but you also started to see some of the synergies that we were getting from CareFusion as Rowa (39:27) has started to take off and some of the disposable growth has been quite good. The other thing that has happened from an environmental standpoint is our sales growth in EMA has rebounded. And so that started to help us. You especially saw that in this quarter, and we expect that to continue. So from a geography standpoint, we are well balanced. From a new product standpoint, first, I would point out what's happened in Biosciences and the really nice turnaround that you have seen there, driven by all the new product launches that I listed: the FACSVia, the FACSMelody, the FACSymphony, those products that we were showing you. In addition, the launch of FACSRhapsody, we're excited about that too. That was based on the cellular research. So I think Alberto and his team have done a really nice job of improving the performance of that business and getting those new products out. One thing I think people are missing is PAS is doing quite well. And while we talked about Barricor, UltraTouch is doing quite well. That was the second new product we showed back there in November. That's going well. And we still are very bullish on Barricor. Not a big impact in this year. But I think as we get into 2019, that's going to do quite well. And then of course, you saw the strong performance in DS. And Tom can comment even more on the Medical side, but we are making good progress. I think we feel very good about what we did with the dispensing change. I think it has been really well received and we're starting to now go beyond just the change in leasing and there's some new products in terms of predictive analytics that are coming out. So that strategy is really on track. We continue to do well with the infusion pumps, so all of that is going quite nicely, SAIS is going well. So yes, we're a little behind on the FlowSmart, but we're on track pretty much with the other major launches that we're talking about. Not big impact in 2018 but really getting set up for 2019. So that's the way I see all of that. All in all, we're on track with what we said.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Okay. And I'll take China. For us, Mike, the issue that you mentioned is not really all that relevant. What we've been working on has been the two invoice evolution in China in two provinces. And we've successfully implemented a program within those two provinces, and net-net it's neutral to positive for us, the way that we have done this. And so we think we're in very good shape if that moves ahead. They have slowed it down, and so we don't see a big impact in this year. Over time, I think they will come back to it. So that piece of it is fine, and we think we'll be able to apply it on the Bard side as well as we move forward. In terms of the pricing, we've been very effective in getting the right pricing in the Green Book. And so as I look out over the next couple of years, I don't see a big issue, Mike.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So from a flu perspective, we budget kind of an average flu season, and so if it ends up in North America being stronger, which is where most of the market is, then it would drive us more towards our upper end of our range. That would be one of the positive factors. There has been some strong flu in other parts of the world, so we'll see how that plays out. Our expectation is that you budget that in the second quarter of the year not the first quarter. Last year, it was a very unusual year and came in in the first quarter. So that's how we're thinking about it. We'll see.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Device tax. Yes. So it wasn't starting any new major programs or anything. We're really focused on delivering what we talked to you about at Analyst Day. And, of course, the other thing I would mention coming back to the cost question in the fourth quarter was we overcame $5 million of incremental costs in Puerto Rico, and you saw that on that line, too. So that's things like write-offs...
Vincent A. Forlenza: Okay. Thank you very much, operator. So just a couple of thoughts. First, we delivered on our commitments this year with really strong performance demonstrating the consistent and I'd call it reliable nature of our business despite various headwinds throughout the year, which we detailed on the call. Our core business remains strong, and we're confident in our outlook for next year. And, lastly, of course, we look forward to the upcoming close of the Bard transaction and the opportunity to create meaningful, long-term value and continue to improve healthcare globally. So thank you very much for your participation today.
Christopher R. Reidy: So to the second part of that question on the phasing as we look into 2018. As we said, the toughest compare is in the first quarter, as you know. Second quarter stabilizes a little bit. You still got the overhang from the 100 basis points of dispensing and that stabilizes a little bit. And then you make up for the first quarter for the most part in the second half of the year. Remember, the third quarter will be a bit of an easier compare because we had a low growth quarter this year in the third quarter. And then fourth quarter is pretty much an average compare. So think about it as a tough compare first quarter, which drives a lower than average first half, made up for in the second half.
Christopher R. Reidy: And I'll take the first one on the year one accretion. So as we said in our prepared remarks, we feel good about the Bard transaction and the financial parameters are in line with what we had articulated at the time of the deal announcement. Specifically, related to year one accretion, we had said low-single-digit accretion and that still stands. Bear in mind that was for a full year, we'll probably get nine months, but we still see low-single digit per share accretion.
Christopher R. Reidy: So on the year one accretion, as I said, the most important thing is all the financial parameters on this deal are consistent with what we had said. We did give guidance for the full year, to your point, but the interesting thing is it's low-single digits. It's low-single digits whether you do it over a year or nine months, and so you have the nine months. We also have the divestiture of what we have to do on the needle biopsy, but we'll give more precise information on that along with multiple other parameters and inputs related to the transaction when we give the full guidance for the transaction in February. But it's consistent low-single digits.
Christopher R. Reidy: So on the first piece, we really can't say much about Bard at this point. But what we would say is they were fairly straightforward in the impact from Puerto Rico on their side. They did have an impact in their last quarter, and they anticipate having an impact in the next quarter. But they're back up operating, much like our Cayey plants and are subject to the same power issues that we are. But they don't have the same level of issue that we have at our Juncos plant. They're more like our Cayey plants, which are further along.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, you have the fact that we're scaling, and it's more of the growth is relating to the spending in the prior year, which was lumpy, which had to do with the repeal of the medical device tax.
Thomas Polen: Hi, Mike. This is Tom. Yes. The type 2 patch pump continues to progress very well in our funnel. One thing is you do see if you look in the appendix that we had said before we were expecting to launch that at the very end of FY 2018. Based on some learnings actually from other product launches, we did add in an additional patient clinical trial there, and so we now expect that to launch in 2019. So we don't see revenue in our guidance within the Diabetes Care business for 2018, but the project's progressing very well from a development perspective. We actually just finished final acceptance testing on the manufacturing line this week and are installing that in our plant in Ireland this month.
Thomas Polen: Hey, Brian. This is Tom. So I think if you look at obviously MMS's performance in the quarter, which was 6.7%, and that includes a 600 basis points of headwind just from the accounting change, so if you take that into account, it's north of 10%. That's driven, as you mentioned, by very strong growth on both the dispensing and the infusion side. We do expect our infusion category share to have gone up between 1% and 2% this year, in line with prior year, so we are continuing very good progress there. As you heard from Vince earlier, we've actually just installed our one-millionth Alaris Pump this past quarter, which was a major milestone for us. And on the dispensing side, several years ago we were talking about the stabilization of Pyxis ES. At this point, Pyxis ES is really humming. We've got over 1,700 sites live now across the U.S., and we feel very good. We actually had a record level of new business closes on Pyxis ES since the platform has been in the marketplace and certainly a record level for Pyxis in the last five or six years. So we're feeling good about that. The other thing is one of the metrics that we look at is pull-through of other products, so how often are customers choosing to buy Pyxis plus Alaris plus our software solutions, products like Cato and Pharmogistics? And as we look at those metrics, we see ratable quarter-on-quarter improvement in the value of people buying that end-to-end offering. And so all of that gives us confidence as we go into FY 2018 that that solution is working. We'll be unveiling some new particularly informatics solutions at the ASHP coming up in December that are just going to further the offering that we have in that space.
Thomas Polen: And Larry, this is Tom. On your question on Lutonix, no change from obviously what Bard management guidance was prior on the timing of that. I'd say we continue to be optimistic around the ability to get that claim over the longer term, though. So no change versus what they had shared previously.
Thomas Polen: Sure. This is Tom, Bill. So obviously, we have been part of helping to shape those legislations around closed system transfer devices and the adoption of those. We obviously have our product PhaSeal, which is growing very nicely, at or near double digits, and we expect that trend to continue as that legislation continues to expand to new states. In both the U.S. but also ex-U.S., we see very, very strong growth around the world for that platform. So I'd say no fundamental inflection difference that we expect in 2018 or 2019 but continuing to grow very strongly as it has been in recent years.
