Edward Ludwig: Thank you, Zach, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll begin with a brief overview of BD's performance for Q4 and the full year 2010 and provide some context around BD's consistency in delivering against our commitments to shareholders over time. Then I'll spend some time highlighting the company's strategy and key focus areas for 2011 and beyond. Next, David will provide a drill down financial view of our company overall and segment performance, as well as key components of our 2011 guidance, including our capital structure and some of the key risks and opportunities over the near term. Lastly, Vince will spend the balance of our time discussing in greater detail how we will execute our strategies and the key things to think about relative to BD's strategy going forward. After that, we'll open the floor for questions. Starting with Slide 4. BD's performance in both the Q4 and full year 2010 was solid. We delivered against our own internal targets and against our commitments to our shareholders. This is the 10th consecutive year BD has achieved its annual objectives. It is also the 38th consecutive year of increasing our dividends. In addition, in 2010, we maintained consistent operational excellence across the P&L. We invested in capital expenditures, invested in emerging market infrastructure, increased our investment in R&D and delivered steady predictable cash flow and return to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. Moving on to Slide 5. Going forward, our strategy remains sound. BD's strategy is to apply technology to address unmet and sometimes underappreciated, but important needs within healthcare and life sciences. Our four areas of focus are as follows: number one, enabling safer, simpler and more effective parenteral drug delivery, and this translates to safer drug delivery for patients and for healthcare workers; number two, improving clinical outcomes through new, accurate faster diagnostics; number three, providing tools and technologies to the research community that facilitate basic science, drug discovery and cell therapy; and number four, enhancing disease management in Diabetes, Women's Health and Cancer and Infection Control. If you sum these four areas up, essentially BD is all about helping life science research and healthcare work better. We do this by helping them to lower their costs and improve the quality of their outcomes. And it's very consistent with our purpose of helping all people live healthy lives. We are confident that these four areas of focus are rich with opportunities for BD to add value and to continue to grow. Turning to Slide 6. Despite these challenging economic times, the company remains committed to driving both top line and bottom line growth through an intense focus on strengthening the core, which remains a significant lever for BD's success. In addition, as Vince will discuss in detail later, we will leverage our core by making focused investments in R&D for platform extensions and innovative new products. We're also making significant investments in growing our businesses in emerging markets. And also very importantly, we continue to focus on operational excellence and the programs that we're building across the P&L to maintain and build upon a strong cost position, as well as to return free cash flow to shareholders. On Slide 7, you will see our guidance for the full year fiscal 2011, which takes into account all of the key points I've discussed in my opening remarks. David will discuss the guidance in more detail, but the net is guidance for 2011 of 4% revenue growth and 10% to 11% adjusted EPS growth or a range of EPS between $5.45 and $5.55. As you will hear from David in a minute, the 4% revenue growth is FX neutral and really represents about 6% growth over 2010 if you normalize for flu, stimulus and supplemental spending events in 2010. Our guidance for operating income growth of about 5% includes about five points of headwind due to investments we are making in infrastructure and R&D in 2011. So that allowing for these investments, we're showing good operating margin improvement in 2011. Looking further out, our outlook for 2011, 2012 is for an average revenue growth of 6% and an average EPS growth of 10% to 12% over this three-year period, and this was previously communicated on our Q3 2010 earnings call. Now I'm delighted to turn the call over to David.
Edward Ludwig: I think we would be looking to keep it in that range, whether it's 30%, 31%, 32%, it's all the same number. We're very committed to having a strong ROIC. By our reckoning, we're in the top decile of our peer group. We want to stay there, so we're not trading ROIC for revenue growth. The revenue growth just to build on what Vince said, if you think about '11 as a platform of 6%, we're not looking at ratcheting up the second and third years of this. As you get into the high 6s and low 7s in the second and third year, which we think we can do is all the reasons that Vince gave you. We feel that we can achieve that 6% average. But our commitment to very strong ROIC is going to be there. So it's going to be a number that starts with a three.
Edward Ludwig: Yes, the strategic priority is really the same as they have been. We're using cash to feed the current business and to grow internationally and to build new platforms. The growth that we have indicated in our guidance is primarily, vastly primarily organic growth building out the acquisitions that we made. We do still have the flexibility to do strategic acquisitions within the context of this new capital structure. So that is still very much a possibility at such time as our strategy suggests that a move in that direction is important for us that we can buy something more effectively than we can make it ourselves. Poster children here would be HandyLab and GeneOhm, TriPath and the small acquisitions we've been making in Biosciences. So the strategy is the same. And acquisitions, should we make them, would be strategically obvious, well disciplined, dilution, if any, would be short-lived and they would be strategically obvious, so staying the course.
Edward Ludwig: Yes, as we ramp up R&D, we're doing so I think I've said this on numerous occasions before. Over the past several years under Vince's leadership when he was running it and now it's Scott Bruder running our technology function, we have done a substantial amount of work in improving our what I would call our project management, our programmatic skills. So that we monitor as a leading indicator here at the office of the CEO level milestone achievement of our key R&D programs to make sure they're on track and get them back on track if they ever get off-track. And so that was an important prerequisite that we installed before we started increasing the pace of spending. So we're ready to go. We've got good discipline, and now this pace of spending can uptick. And again, we're looking at increases in R&D next year of about 10%, 11%. So that's important. It's very positive, but it's not anything we can't control very effectively.
Edward Ludwig: Yes, I think on the tax rate there's a lot of variables into tax rate, and we really don't guide what the tax rate will be in any given quarter. I think the way for you to think about is that our tax rate in fiscal year '09 was around 27.5%. This year, it was higher as we talked about because of the mix of business, geographic mix of business, as well as not getting that R&D tax credit. And then next year, what we're saying we're assuming we get the R&D tax credit and a different mix of business, and that's why we're guiding the tax rate for the full year to be in that 27% to 27.5%, which is similar to what we saw in fiscal year '09. And also, remember with the R&D tax credit, it also -- once you do get that credit, has the potentially not just to be for this year but they have a tendency to do it for prior years as well. So it can have an unusually large impact in a given year, depending upon when Congress approves it.
Edward Ludwig: Let me take the first question. As I talked about earlier, this year, on a currency-neutral basis, we improved our operating margin 70 basis points. And this year, as we said, it's about 10 to 20 currency neutral. And as we've always guided, we said on average it's about 50 basis points year-over-year. So that's what we're targeting internally, some years we're slightly above that, some years we're slightly below that. And as you think through the forecast, going out, what we try to achieve is that 50 basis point average year-over-year. I think your second question is the leverage. Obviously, as our top line revenue growth increases, that clearly provides more leverage to increase R&D. But we really don't think about our research and development investment level as a percent of revenue. What we do as we saw this year as we have the opportunities to invest in these new products and new platforms, we have the financial means to invest in those, and I think Vince went through that there's numerous opportunities. It's not just one program that's driving it. We just see a breadth of opportunities from an R&D perspective to invest in right now. So we're going to be doing the right thing. We're really focused on the long-term health of the company, and funding these research projects is extremely important.
David Elkins: All right, Kim. If you remember back to 2009, when interest rates, particularly for the euro, was in the $1.50s and then we went into the beginning of fiscal year '10, rates had dropped and we had a holding gain in our cost of goods sold. This year, we're just going to be seeing a similar thing going into fiscal year '11, and that is that the inventory was put in. If you look at the average rate for Q3 and Q4 of fiscal year '10, the rate was in the mid-$1.20s, and now we know where the spot rate is. When that comes out, we're going to wind up experiencing a loss associated with it. So we're saying is that loss is roughly offsetting the hedge that we had this year, which was worth about $0.08 that wouldn't repeat going into next year. On the top line, really the average rate for this year was around $1.36, and what we're saying, what makes up that $1.36, if you remember in the first half of this year, the dollar euro was in the mid-$1.40s. In the second half of this year, it was down into the $1.20s, and now we're back, here we are in the beginning of fiscal year '11, we're back into the $1.40s. So what we're saying is from a currency perspective right now, where we're sitting today, we're assuming similar exchange rates for that average out next year as what we have this year.
David Elkins: That's right. If they stayed at the spot rate where they are right now throughout all of next year, then there would be upside. That's correct. But sitting here today, if you look at just what happened in fiscal year '10, we have similar scenario where we started in the $1.40s, and it went down to the $1.20. So we're saying the best thing for us to guide from it at this point is just think about next year similar to this year.
David Elkins: Kim, that's exactly right. The new discount rate, it's about 5.2%, and last year, we were around 6%. So as corporate bond rates, investment grade, corporate bond rates decline, there's an average that's used in what the future obligations are. So just as interest rates continue to lower, unfortunately it just raises our future obligations, which increases our pension expense.
David Elkins: Rick, it really comes down to looking at our capital structure, and the one slide that I went through really lays it out. It's an opportune time from this perspective, given as Vince said we're at historically low rates to maximize our capital structure without jeopardizing our ability to borrow into the future for strategic opportunities. As far as the buyback is concerned, a very important component of the value to shareholders is returning cash to our shareholders. And we believe all cash is fungible. We already have $1 billion sitting on our balance sheet. We're really borrowing -- the money that we are borrowing is to make us more efficient from a capital structure perspective. And we think the $1.5 billion and the $600 million that we talked about in fiscal year '12 is a reasonable level. The other factor, as we said, this is something that we continue to evaluate with our board, and we'll continue to evaluate the capital structure and our share repurchases as we go forward.
David Elkins: Well, we're already into fiscal year '11. When we said that we plan to purchase $1.5 billion, and that will be spread throughout the year.
David Elkins: Yes. Well, I hope you're right, Rick, as far as being able to beat that in the first quarter. But if you look at the way the pandemic orders, the way that they had come in, I think that's really the biggest factor that's driving that first quarter. So it's the timing of those orders that we had, and that's why we're saying that next year overall, it's going to be flat from a revenue and EPS perspective.
David Elkins: On resins, if you recall, from a resin pricing perspective, we said for this year, we had favorable resin in Q1 and Q2. And we had over $30 million of unfavorable resin pricing in the second half of this year. So the net impact of that was about $9 million for the year. And as you think through where oil prices are, oil prices continue to increase. In the first quarter this year, they're around $68 a barrel by the fourth quarter of this year. Where they are now is around $80 a barrel. So we also believe when you compare the first quarter of fiscal year '11 compared to where we were in the first quarter of fiscal year '10, that's a significant increase in the resin prices.
David Elkins: And going on to the operating margins. This year, on a currency-neutral basis, gross margins are going to be increasing about 50 to 60 basis points, and the operating income is on a currency-neutral basis is increasing 10 to 20 basis points. And as we said, we really aim to improve that about 50 basis points year-over-year. In fiscal year '11 on a currency neutral, operating margins increased by 70 basis points. So some years we get a little bit more, some years we get a little less. As you start to think about fiscal year '12, although we're not providing any guidance in relation to that. As we said on previous calls, we're still investing in our ReLoCo program, which is a key driver to improving our gross margin profitability year-over-year, and we're still investing in our SAP implementation or shared services. As those start to trend off in '12 and '13, that will provide us some nice tailwind to our operating margins.
David Elkins: Jon, really good question. The way to think about this is in fiscal year '09, if you remember, we had about $76 million worth of flu-related orders. In fiscal year '10 at the beginning of this year, we had around $90 million worth of stimulus orders. The two of those kind of offset when you look at fiscal year '11, and that's why on that one slide, you see it's only a 20 basis point impact. But as you look at fiscal year '11, there's $90 million of orders we do not anticipating them repeating in fiscal year '11. Also, as we said before, we have about $40 million related to -- between stimulus and supplemental Japan orders. The combination of all that has about a 200 basis point impact on our growth rate next year. So that's why we're saying as you think about our underlying growth rate it's around 6%, but with those things not repeating into next year, it's around 4%.
David Elkins: No, it's an anomaly with our deferred compensation. So based upon how the asset values of our deferred compensation plan, there's an offset in SSG&A. So you can see big swings as you're noticing there between interest income, but there's an offset sitting at our SSG&A and we have those swings as equity values fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter.
David Elkins: Yes, and the biggest thing to remember on the share repurchases is we're sitting here and the impact that can have on an averaging perspective. So the $1.5 billion will have a much larger impact on fiscal year '12 than what it actually has this year just on the way you average the share repurchases. And as I said before, we haven't even started our share repurchase program yet. So most of that will be towards later in the year.
David Elkins: CapEx, as we said before, we're at the $5.50 to $5.75, which is similar to last year as previously guided. We anticipate that, that would continue to come down. We have some opportunities that we're investing in, in fiscal year '11. So talked about with China go after these operational efficiencies and with those shared services and those types of items, as well as our SAP implementation. But we're very much focused on cash flows and getting more efficient in how we do our capital spend is something that we're looking, that we are doing and we're looking to bring that down in the coming years.
David Elkins: Yes. Good question. And really as we look at fiscal year '11, we're looking to the gross margin increase from the 51.9% to in the range of 52.2% to 52.4%, which is about 30 to 50 basis point improvement year-over-year. FX overall, we're seeing all in, when you include everything. It will be a slight 10 basis point drag on our margins year-over-year. What you are seeing is on a performance basis, the performance basis, we're expecting our gross margin increase 40 to 60 basis points, which is excellent product underlying operating performance and our margins being offset, as I talked about earlier, higher resins and higher pension costs. And within that operating performance, we're also expecting to see some benefits in our ReLoCo program. So overall, I think the operations group, as well as the Medical organization is doing a fantastic job in driving margin improvements in those areas. We've got some one-offs that are outside our control, like the pensions and the resins that are pulling that down a little bit, but we're feeling really good about our operating margins and the improvement in our profitability.
David Elkins: You'll see it in the first quarter. That's where the bulk of it is. Some of it might lead over into the second quarter, but the bulk of it will be in the first quarter.
David Elkins: For this year, we have about incremental expenses around $10 million as we get into fiscal year '12. We'll be full swing into our implementation. So we haven't guided on fiscal year '12 on what that spending level will be. But the one thing I would say is we'll be in full pledged implementation in various regions in fiscal year '12, now probably will be the peak.
David Elkins: No, what I had said is that it'll be spread throughout the year. The only time that we can trade is once we're out of our blackout period, so that ends today.
David Elkins: When we guided the average shares, mind you, it's going to be about, around 228 million for the year. Now there's a lot of variables within that, what the actual number will be. One of those being, obviously, the share price that you can buy it and the other is that the averaging of what you can buy in quarters one and two versus quarters three and four, that impact the -- but the bulk of the impact really comes through in fiscal year '12.
Gary Cohen: Sure. Well, a couple of comments. One is, even though we're at around 19% we're in the high end of the peer range, there's still very, very significant upside for us in emerging markets. The nature of our product portfolio aligns very well to the health needs that these emerging countries are seeking to prioritize in the coming years, and we have a particular focus on China and India. And as you may know, China's making a very substantial investment in its health system, following a policy to extend health services access to about 90% of the population. And then in terms of gross margin and operating margin, it's very close today to the U.S. market and the company's overall global average and the places that are growing fastest are actually at least as high in terms of operating margin is the U.S.
Gary Cohen: Sure. I'll take the first part. China is about 1/7 of the emerging market number that you mentioned and growing substantially faster than the company average also growing substantially faster than emerging markets in general. So you'll see over the coming years China becoming a larger percentage of that.
Gary Cohen: Sure. What we're seeing the early stages of awareness building around the new EU directive, which as you know is cast in the spring and some additional interest being expressed in safety engineered devices, but it's still early stage. In general, Europe in 2010 grew a little under 10% in the 8% range in safety. We're expecting that to uptick going into 2011 and overall safety growth for the company to uptick in 2011, driven by international growth. We're also seeing, and I know you didn't ask specifically about other parts of the world, but we're seeing substantial growth in safety in other regions, including Latin America and Asia Pacific in particular. As I say, in general, in Europe as we've said in previous calls, it's still early. We're expecting most countries will take most of their actions to come into the clients with the new directive near the compliant state, which was three years after enactment. So we still have about two and a half years before we think we'll see the peak of the activity.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: The first question if you can maybe just help me understand the revenue guidance a bit more. One, in terms of -- it looks like you were saying there was maybe about a 70 bps benefit from flu and stimulus in '10, you're expecting a 200 basis point headwind in 2011. And also, it looks like you're saying Diagnostics should grow a little bit faster, even it looks like maybe you pushed out some of the dates of some of the new products and maybe just kind of give a little bit more color there.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Yes, it was on the interest income. It looks like it was around, I think it was like $4 million last quarter moving to like $14 million, I think.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Yes, it was just sequentially. You probably about assume I don't know what your cash and interest rates didn't change a lot. So...
Vince Forlenza: Yes, so on the revenue guidance for '11, we said if you neutralize for those impacts in 2010, which was the flu and which was the stimulus and the Japanese, you go from about a 4% to 6%. Then when you look at the individual businesses, you also have to take that into account at the individual business level. So while we had Medical, we guided you at 3% to 4%, you've got the big impact in that business and that brings you up close to around 6%, then Diagnostics is 5%, and then you got to neutralize for the Biosciences impact of the stimulus and Japan, and that brings it up to about 7%. So that gives you the big picture, and David will fill in some more details.
Vince Forlenza: Yes. So that's where you really see that difference. Okay. David, do you have any more information...
Vince Forlenza: You are correct. As we've been discussing for a little while now that there's a couple of factors that are impacting this. One is continued expansion in the geographic markets, and that becomes a bigger factor as we go out. That's number one. Number two, that the new product platforms start to become more material in the later years of this as well. And then three, BDB, of course, in the short run, in this fiscal year, we have this jump over phenomena where you've got this anomaly of 4% going to 6%. And so you've got all of those factors and then that just lastly, I'd point out when I was mentioning the product platforms that includes some of the new instruments we're talking about in Biosciences, the two analyzers and the new sorter and, Bill, maybe you want to comment on what the new sorter is going to be like.
Vince Forlenza: Yes, maybe to think about capital this way. We've really pretty much finished our facility buildout program on the operations side. It's going to be more capital spending as we implement new manufacturing process, less on the facility piece, so that's why we're going to see it trend down somewhat.
Vince Forlenza: Yes, Bill Rhodes will address that, but just keep in mind as he gets into some of the details that we've been discussing Advanced Bioprocessing as a bit of a lumpy business and Bill, and that's in the U.S.
Vince Forlenza: Sure. So first at the R&D, there's both more of a short-term and long-term component to it. And what's happening right now is some of the significant programs are moving into the more final phases in clinical trials. So the biggest increase in R&D in the company is in the Diagnostic segment. And the biggest increase within that is in Women's Health and Cancer, and that is for SurePath Plus, and that has -- we've talked about that a number of times that we were anticipating going into the clinical trial. We have redone that product, and we have now got an automated solution that we're very excited about. So that's moving into clinicals, and that clinical is going to take a year or so. So your first benchmark on the Diagnostics spending is going to be completion of that clinical trial. The second big benchmark on Diagnostics, of course, is going to be the six-color BD MAX and over this plan period, we are, as we said, it's working well in the labs and then we'll be moving into clinical trials on that product first for MRSA, right? And of course, that ramps up our spending as we move into these clinical trials. So those are the first two biggest ones. HPV itself isn't ramping that much this year, but it'll ramp later. So when you hear us start to talk about HPV going into clinical trial, that'll be another benchmark. So those are kind of the big benchmarks on Diagnostics. Now coming back to BD Medical, some of the things that I would point to. Number one, would be the Diabetes business. And in the Diabetes Care business, in the short run, it's the launch of the new safety pen needle. But the more significant one will be the new set of infusion products for pumps, for insulin pumps. And that work is a new program for us, so that is also driving some of the increase in R&D. Also, we're investing in self-injection in Pharmaceutical Systems. I did mention the first product there, Physioject. And so I think we'll be monitoring the ramp up of that product and then we'll talk to you as things progress, other products in that area. Come back to Biosciences, Biosciences, it is this new sorter and these other two analyzers, a small research analyzer and a small clinical analyzer, CD4 analyzer, for the emerging markets. So those are kind of the core areas. Now lastly, and I think we could all measure quite specifically on those. We are also increasing our investment in longer-term technologies. And when those come out of feasibility, then and we enter into product development, then we'll start talking about them more. So if you'll hear that, that will be the last indicator we'd look for.
Vince Forlenza: All right. Well, thank you to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you about the progress on our growth programs, both the geographic expansion and the new product and the operating effectiveness programs and our program to optimize our balance sheet. So thank you very much for joining us.
Tom Polen: I think you covered it. I'd say, as Vince has mentioned earlier, we particularly saw that some of that stabilization in the Analytical business, which we see as a good barometer for volumes in the overall test markets.
Tom Polen: Sure. So we saw, Amit, in terms of GeneOhm for the quarter, we saw pretty much in line with what we saw on a full year basis, with that business running about 10% in FY '10. On a Molecular, on the GC/CT, we saw high single digits in Q4, so well in line with our expectations. We saw solid growth there. On the TriPath or Cervical Screening business, we certainly saw in the U.S. we're seeing the impact of OB/GYN visits as the data that we're looking at shows about 4% to 7% decline in OB/GYN visits over the past two quarters. And we've been able to offset that over the full year basis, we have seen positive growth in the U.S. on a full year basis. We saw some weakness in Q4, but we're expecting for that to improve in FY '11. We certainly have positive growth outlook, both in the U.S. on the cervical cancer side, but even in an increasing level x U.S. for cervical cancer screening as we're investing in market development initiatives in those markets.
Tom Polen: So HPV at this point in time, we have not disclosed the launch time for HPV. That is progressing well in development, and we're pleased with the performance that we're seeing there. Regarding the Viper LT, certainly, the first assay that will go on that platform is going to be GC/CT, and we're looking for that to launch at the end of FY '13, and that is on track and it's progressing very well. Certainly, as we look at where HPV will go, it is going to be directed onto that LT platform. And then we certainly have a broad number of other menu component in our pipeline. But at this point in time, we're not looking to disclose those.
Tom Polen: Yes, I would just say that a lot of the GC/CT testing is driven by public health screening programs, which are discrete from general annual physical checkups, which tend to drive the cervical cancer screening. Why I mentioned that, the data that we're looking at shows overall office visits for OB/GYNs are down 4% to 7%. I just want to clarify that we're not seeing our business down at that level. So on a full year basis, we're still seeing positive growth in cervical cancer screening, a little weakness in Q4. But again, we're expecting positive growth in that business in FY '11 as well.
William Rhodes: Absolutely. So the two analyzers obviously are in the markets that we're already participating in terms of sorting technology, we've advanced a product that we'll be introducing in the first half of this year, which is a small desk top sorter priced at a point where we feel it will be more affordable around the world, as well as in academic centers in the U.S. and Europe. It's performance characteristics are quite excellent, and we're thinking that this will expand the opportunity.
William Rhodes: I'll talk to that the situation in the fourth quarter in the U.S. is exactly as been stated. And if you remember in the third quarter, we talked about the opportunity that a large order had it coming in, in the third quarter from Advanced Bioprocessing that had been anticipated in the fourth quarter. There were some fourth quarter opportunities in Advanced Bioprocessing that have been pushed out. So that really contributes to the lumpiness and quite honestly, there were -- the third quarter was an easier comp for us.
William Rhodes: No, the large order came through in the fiscal third quarter, and then there are some modest orders that are moving from fourth quarter to first quarter.
