Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. It's Chris. Appreciate the question. I think this is pretty straightforward. So first, just look, another strong quarter and our second increase in guidance, to your point. On revenue, we increased from 6.5% to 7% or 50 basis points on our base. So, at the midpoint, that's 6.75%. And I think important to note, right, our two-year average growth now, 8% or even 7% when you strip out the benefit from tuck-in M&A, so on a pure organic basis. So, really strong, well above our 5.5% profile. As you think of the increase, basically the increase in revenue 100% matched the outperformance in Q2. The way to think of that, if you recall last quarter, we communicated that our second half growth rate would be 6.6. That stayed intact. So, we're holding it to 6.6. Importantly, as you think of the first half to the second half, actually, the organic revenue growth accelerates from 5 to 6, and again, nicely above our 5.5% plus. So, really strong revenue story following a strong FY 2022. On earnings, where I think the core of your question is, so, one, building on the strong growth. We continue to execute against our margin goals. Hopefully, that hasn't gotten lost in this macro environment where you're seeing many in multiple industries with margins declining. So, we're committed to the 100 basis points of margin improvement. We had slight improvement in the quarter. So that holds intact. So basically, the way to think of the raise, you have to, kind of break it down and really understand the base business. So, on the base business, as we noted in the presentation, we raised by [$0.115] [ph]. It exactly equals, kind of margin drop-through on the 90 million increase on our base revenue. And then you noticed we slightly modified our – the midpoint of our tax guide. So, the revenue accounts for about 60% of it, the tax accounts for the best. I think also important to note, we're not getting any year-over-year benefit on tax. It's actually still a year-over-year headwind that's absorbed in our full-year guidance. So, I think it reflects really strong base performance. And I think another important reminder – so anyway, that $0.115, it basically absorbs two factors. You noticed that we moderated down the COVID-only testing by about $25 million. That has a strong drop-through in the margin because there's very little commercial investment. It has a higher GP, as we've shared in the past. So, we more than absorbed that. And then we did absorb some FX pressure on EPS, which was pretty modest. That was $0.05 in lieu of actually dropping for FX like we normally do and adjusting our guide range. It was $0.05. We absorbed that on the strong base performance. FX, there was a little bit – if you remember in the quarter, the dollar strengthened significantly and the euro recovered. So, you actually have to look at the average in the quarter. So, there was a little bit in the quarter with the euro. You also had the yuan and the yen were the other two currencies. So, just modest impacts there. Net-net, it's a raise by [$0.015] [ph] at the midpoint. And then I think the most important thing for everyone to keep in mind, when you just look at our base EPS growth year-over-year, knowing that we're absorbing significant year-over-year declines in COVID-only testing, our actual EPS growth on the base business is nearly 15%, well above our double-digit EPS. So, we feel really good about where we sit, the halfway through the year. We haven't changed any of our, kind of core commitments around margin. With that said, we want to make sure we solidify the future. We want to keep investing. We continue to invest in R&D at higher levels. And this isn't about one quarter, one year. We think this is – what you're seeing here is a great growth story play out that will happen over multiple periods and will be durable.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Larry. I'll take that one. Yes, to your point, if you recall, given that we made the decision to maintain investment in service, field support, et cetera, there was about that 80 basis point headwind to our margin as part of Alaris. We've been very clear, while we haven't been – said we weren't going to predict timing, we did say as part of our FY 2025 plan. The good thing about margin, and just if you step back again, we delivered 50% of our goal, right, through FY 2022. We're on-track this year. That would put us 70% towards our goal. We have multiple levers to deliver both. In essence, the way we think of it is how do we get to double-digit EPS growth on a consistent basis. We're not dependent on one variable. And given 70% of the way there, we feel really good between the strong growth profile that we expect to continue and natural leverage you get. The Recode initiatives we put in place, that will continue to accelerate through the back half of the year. We just announced kind of the third leg of Project Recode, operating model simplification. Those have been announced, continuing to drive portfolio mix as we've been doing. So, there's a host of things that I think give us confidence and the ability to actually, sort of navigate the balance between top line growth and margin improvement as we continue to progress through the back half of the year while delivering on both commitments, the 25% margin and double-digit EPS growth. So, I think we're really well-positioned when you think of it that way, gives us a lot of flexibility.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. So, a couple of things. One, if you remember, from a full-year standpoint, we're absorbing over 200 basis points. It's a second consecutive year of inflationary pressures. It was actually more prominent in the first half of the year. It will abate some combination of some moderation of inflation, coupled with, of course, the cost improvement actions and mitigation actions that we're taking in the second half. So, we expected modest improvement in GP through from a full-year standpoint. So, I think you would expect basically similar, to be slightly ahead of our Q3 FY 2022 gross margin, which was 52.6%. So, you'll see slight improvement. And then that will further expand as we move into Q4. But we're right on track. And I think the other thing to point out is, remember, we have about five months of inventory that flows through our sales. So, we have a strong line of sight to basically the inflation that is sitting in that inventory, all the cost improvement that has actually been driven that's part of that inventory cost. And as that sells through in the back half of the year, it gives us strong confidence in our cost base to achieve those goals.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes, that's correct. Just one comment on FX, which is interesting, right. Our fiscal period starts earlier. We actually – our original guide started at the peak of the strength of the U.S. dollar, right? So, we had significant FX pressure when we gave our initial guide. And to your point, in Q1 the dollar weakened a bit. We adjusted up similar to most companies reporting sort of their first fiscal year. And so, we reversed a lot of that unfavorability in the quarter, gave that back. The base was strong, the base EPS actually expanded, and to your point, offset – we had a takedown in our COVID-only testing in Q1. This quarter is a little bit different. Again, you had strong base EPS. We actually raised by $0.115. It was offset by two things. Again, another $0.05 on the COVID-only testing dynamics, taking that down a bit to how we see the full year given that those dynamics and market has softened significantly, and then a little bit of FX pressure for the reasons I noted previously. So, net of those two items, it's [$0.015] [ph], but I will go back to just what I shared. So again, when you look at our base business, absorbing all the COVID-only year-over-year testing impacts, our base EPS is growing almost 15%, and that's while absorbing over 200 basis points of inflationary pressures. I think it's somewhat unprecedented performance in this environment. We're delivering really strong growth. And we want to make sure that we're maintaining investments to also continue this type of performance well into the future. So, that's how to think of it. Hopefully, that helps.
Chris DelOrefice: The other, just given those FX dynamics, right, when FX improved, we only had three quarters to go, right? So when we cycle into our fiscal Q1, which is calendar Q4, there will actually be FX tailwind based on where spot rates are today. There's a lot of moving parts to calculate that directly. But on top line, it could be $75 million to $100 million. So, when you look at other people's guide that has a full true calendar year, that's included. We picked that up next year in ours.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes, yes, exactly. The simple way to think of it is, so our all-in guide that includes the negative impact of portfolio exits and the positive impact of organic is [675] [ph] at the midpoint, right? But even if you strip out just the M&A contribution, we're still at 5.5 at the midpoint. Now, that's not taking any credit for the strategic portfolio exits. That was purely just to make sure you guys had context to – we were taking that bold action, it's helping improve margin given the strong growth profile we have. So, when you think of pure underlying against all the businesses we're investing in, if you want to adjust for that, that's about a point that would take it back up to that same range. But even if you get zero credit for that, our organic growth is 5.5%. And more importantly, our two-year, right, coming off a really strong year, we're 7% organic. None of those numbers give us a positive adjustment for those one-time strategic portfolio exits.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. And the other – just one last comment. You mentioned Parata and the strength there. This is a little unique, right? You get the sort of onetime adjustment for what you acquired. This is a great example of us just strong execution in revenue synergies and taking up that forecast. So, again, I think it's just illustrative of how we're managing, kind of tuck-in and the benefits we're generating from that. As we anniversary Parata, the contribution from all the tuck-in acquisitions we will do on an organic basis, it will add about 50 basis points of growth to our portfolio as we exit this year.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. So, pricing, Joanne, so the Q will come out this evening and we – aftermarket. And pricing will be disclosed in there as we consistently have. What we've shared is it's the last thing we think about, right, as it relates to inflation mitigation. And so, what we're really focused on is driving cost improvement, portfolio mix, the strength of growth and volume leverage. All of those dynamics are significant contributors to mitigating the 200 basis point inflation. You'll probably see something consistent in terms of what we've done last year. If you think of how last year played out, it accelerated through the year. But you'll be able to see that at the end of the day. In terms of portfolio, I mean, the simple answer to the question is, these were onetime in nature. There's always smaller adjustments you make in your portfolio, but we made a decision to really take a deep look at our portfolio this year, as Tom described. These weren't strategic products. There's market alternatives. The GP profile is significantly reduced. Removing these freeze up capacity and other costs. All of those products, not being sure they still require quality support, regulatory support, there's a lot of tie up as it relates to shipping and thinking of other infrastructure support. So, there's benefit beyond just the GP lift you get. But to answer your question simply, yes, if we stopped doing that, our results would have been better by roughly 100 basis points this year. This quarter was a little light. It was closer to 50 basis points in the quarter. But from a full-year, we're still estimating about 100 basis points. We do view these as one-time in nature this year. We don't anticipate doing that in the future beyond smaller things that we would just absorb and not even talk about.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Just maybe a few small adds. I mean, one, look, I do think the value proposition that BD offers is unique. And we're not changing in our commitments. We talked about 5.5 plus, but to your point, what's been clear, right, our two-year growth, 7% organic. We're clearly in the plus side of the equation. I think for all the reasons Tom noted, we have a portfolio that has the ability that we want to continue to try and drive the plus. But our commitment is 5.5%. I think the nice thing about that is that is maybe underappreciated. There's very few companies in med tech that can deliver that outsized growth, but still have this nice durable profile. It's very de-risked. So, you get this benefit of strong mid-single digits, it's extremely reliable, while we're posting outsized growth and improving margin in a very complex environment and haven't even fully capitalized maybe on some of the levers Tom talked about, like the firepower we'll have with tuck-in M&A going forward, or margin, really, I'll go back to – we're committed to double-digit earnings growth, which isn't easy to do. Obviously, we can moderate that depending on the growth profile, what we want to make sure we do is, consistently invest in the right areas to drive that growth, right? We continue to increase R&D, et cetera. So, all those factors would be sort of contemplated, but certainly confident in double-digit EPS growth, being able to consistently do that. So, I think it's a nice balance of you're seeing an inflection in growth and really strong growth that's differentiated. You're seeing differentiation and execution and you have a de-risked portfolio. It's hard to find all those pieces. It should make people feel good.
Tom Polen: Hey, Robbie, good morning. This is Tom. Obviously, as we've discussed many times, getting Alaris back on the market is our number 1 priority. And we are confident in the resources that we have invested in our submission and the team and leadership tasked to prioritize this. As you expected and as we've said before, we're confident in our process and that we will get clearance, and we have been and want to remain prudent and thoughtful about the process with the FDA. And so therefore, we continue to not try to predict exact time lines just given how inherently complex these submissions are. So, obviously, once we get clearance, we'll immediately communicate at that point, and that has been and remains our strategy there. But we're fully focused on making sure that our number 1 job is making sure that the FDA has all the information they require to clear the product. Thanks for the question.
Tom Polen: Okay. Good morning, Larry and thanks for the great question. Great to connect as always. We're extremely excited about the pipeline that we have and our outlook going forward. We're not looking to adjust our long-term commitment at this time, but we are feeling very positive about the momentum that we have as you described. I think as we look at where we are today, what stands out, and hopefully it became clear in our discussions this morning, are the number of high-growth platforms that we've built and that we've continued to systematically progress across the company. And we talked about a few of those. Whether or not it's Pharm Systems, which is now the 11th quarter in a row of double-digit growth, and the macro environment of now biologics being – more biologics being in pharma's pipeline and small molecules today, first time in history, and some big blockbuster products coming down the pipe. And we are well-positioned as the leader in injectable drug delivery to benefit from that trend with the significant capacity we've added, as well as the innovation pipeline we have, both for professional delivery, but also enabling wearables and self-injection products that we've been investing in are coming to market now as well. Pharmacy automation, right now, a $500 million-plus platform growing in the teens. Huge trends that are going to continue to fuel that going forward, labor shortages, the need for pharmacists to move more front of the – front-off to be serving patients doing wellness checks, et cetera, we're going to continue to see strong demand for pharmacy automation, and we're really pleased with that platform that we've built. B2B, huge super cycle of innovation there. The FACSDiscover, we've started shipping to the early adopter sites and really a tremendous opportunity to help bring new insights and new discoveries in the areas of cell therapy and immuno-oncology and just understanding the immune system overall. When you think about who is getting Nobel Prizes in those fields that I just described, almost all of them were using flow cytometry. And I'm convinced you're going to see a whole new set of discoveries being uncovered with the new technologies that we're rolling out there right now. Really excited. And of course, that's complemented not only on the capital side with FACSDiscover. And the product we're launching now is just the first in a whole family that we're going to be continuing to roll-out. We're rolling out the high-end sorter first, but we're going to be offering mid-and-lower-end sorters or cell analyzers, utilizing that same technology over the next several years. That's complemented by our new die portfolio and expanding antibody portfolio, as well as informatics technologies that we have launched and will continue to launch. BD Interventional, you heard us talk about a number of great growth platforms that have been developed there, and we're seeing good strong growth out of the BDI segment. This was another strong quarter there. And you're seeing a number of the acquisitions that we've done over the last few years or had done just before BD and Bard came together, things like PureWick and the [indiscernible] innovation that's happening there, TIFA, which we acquired over the last few years and how we're expanding that into new applications, we gave an example of umbilical hernia. Straub Medical and how that's being expanded globally. And you're seeing the benefits of that in the PI business. We're really pleased with the growth momentum that's happening there. And of course, medication delivery, a continuing strong growth in our portfolio there from catheters to picks and eventually through our planning horizon and our aim to get Alaris back on market. So, we're really pleased with the momentum. We're really pleased with the launches we've done to date. We've had about 10 key launches so far this fiscal year that's coming off of 25 key launches last year. And we continue to be on track for about that same number again this year and pretty much every year as we look forward. Thanks for the question.
Tom Polen: And just to add to Chris, as good comments is – so Alaris is included in our strategic plan. There's many other levers we have as mentioned. But we have been, as we've shared before, preparing so that when we do get Alaris clearance eventually, that we'll be well-positioned to serve our customers, right? And so, we've talked about that increased inventory levels that we've done on certain components, et cetera. We've talked about the continued investments we have, kept in service in our selling organization so that when clearance eventually comes, that we can both remediate the pumps that are on the market quickly, as well as support additional customers. So, thank you for the question.
Tom Polen: Yes. Great question, Vijay, and appreciate the comments. So, we'll go around. We've got the segment presence here in the room. I think you're right. What you're seeing is outperforming market growth rates in a number of categories, and we're really pleased with that, driven really through strong innovation, capacity investments that we've made and strong execution. Why don't we start with the Medical segment and Mike can speak to what we're seeing in both Pharm Systems, but also pharmacy automation and medication management overall.
Tom Polen: I think just to add to Chris' comment, obviously, the update here has COVID essentially out for the balance of the year, right? So, the number that we have now in COVID guidance is basically the COVID number that we have year-to-date.
Tom Polen: And I think we're seeing the benefits. Obviously, given the strength of the business, taking those actions on that portfolio is exactly the – it's the right time to be doing that. As a reminder, those products that we're just exiting have less than half of the average GP of the company. They're growing much less than the average of the company and are in areas that are just not strategic in terms of relevant growth platforms as we go forward. And so, they also come with operational efficiency benefits, organizational efficiency benefits, et cetera. And so, they're just going to make us that much stronger as we go forward and make sure that we're focusing our resources and investments in those areas that move the needle the most for customers and for us.
Tom Polen: Okay. Great question. Why don't we start on the first two with Chris and then Dave can take for the Veritor, MAX.
