Vince Forlenza: Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. I'm honored to have been elected by the board to succeed Ed as Chief Executive Officer when we begin our new fiscal year. I've had the privilege of working with Ed for 28 years, and I believe he's done an outstanding job over the past 12 years as CEO. Ed has led the company through both prosperous and challenging times, always ensuring that we maintained our purpose of helping all people live healthy lives. He created a strong platform for growth, and we will continue to build off the key initiatives Ed put in place during his time as Chief Executive Officer. Now moving on to Slide 4. I'll start off today's presentation by carrying a few of the key messages from our third fiscal quarter results. As Ed stated in our press release, we were pleased with our results in the quarter. Revenue growth came in at 4.8% currency neutral. Strong international safety revenues and emerging market growth were partially offset by our results in Western Europe. We continue to see softness in Western Europe due to various austerity measures and lower health care utilization.  Moving on to Japan. I would like to provide a brief update since our last earnings call subsequent to the March earthquake and tsunami. We're pleased to report that our business in Japan is fully operational. We restarted the manufacturing of the BD Hypak prefillable syringes in early May, which was ahead of schedule. We are still evaluating the longer-term impact on the company, but we believe that the bulk of the challenges are behind us. For the full year, we are reaffirming that the impact of Japan will be approximately $50 million on revenue and about $0.05 to EPS. This was already built in to the total year guidance we have provided you back in April. I would also like to briefly discuss the newly announced planned acquisition.  Last week, we announced that we had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Carmel Pharma, a Swedish company that manufactures the PhaSeal System. This is the leading closed system drug transfer device for the safe handling of hazardous drugs that are packaged in vials. This system minimizes the risk of exposure to potentially harmful liquids and vapors from toxic drugs such as those used in treatment of cancer. The expected dilution of the acquisition for the fiscal year is approximately $0.05. This is not built into our total year guidance because the deal has not yet closed. We expect the deal to close prior to the end of the fiscal year.  We believe this is an attractive market with sales of approximately $100 million with historical growth rates at about 10% a year. Annual revenues for the company last year were approximately $45 million. This acquisition is a key safety platform, which is aligned with our core strategy and operating capabilities, and demonstrates our commitment to drive revenue growth through innovation. Additionally, we are pleased that a couple of key products were launched in the third quarter, and I will spend some time discussing those launches later in my remarks. On Slide 5, we've outlined our third quarter revenue and EPS results. We're pleased with our results this quarter, which I will speak to on a currency-neutral basis. Revenues were solid, increasing by 4.8%. Fully diluted EPS came in at $1.51, growing at 13.8% over the prior year. For the 9-month, year-to-date results, revenue growth was 2.6%. EPS growth was 8.1% on an adjusted basis. Moving to Slide 6. I'd like to briefly summarize our outlook for fiscal year 2011. David will provide more details later in his remarks. We were favorably impacted by the weak U.S. dollar due to our strong presence outside of the U.S. As a result, we are raising our reported revenue growth guidance to approximately 6%, which is the higher end of our previously communicated range of 5% to 6%. We are also raising our reported EPS guidance to 14% to 15% from 12% to 14% on an adjusted basis. The current global macroeconomic environment continues to be a challenge, most notably in Western Europe. We had stated on our Q2 conference call that we believe the growth rate in Western Europe would be approximately 2% for the total year. However, our results year-to-date indicate that the growth rate for the year will be closer to 1%.  As I mentioned earlier, this region continues to be impacted by various austerity measures and lower health care utilization. We continue to manage the company accordingly, but we believe that it is prudent to lower our currency-neutral revenue growth guidance to approximately 3% as we do not anticipate these conditions will abate in the near term. We believe the company has fared well in this environment. Based on our financial results year-to-date, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our bottom line, and we reaffirm our currency-neutral EPS guidance of about 10%.  Now I'd like to turn things over to David for a more detailed discussion of our third quarter financial performance.
Vince Forlenza: So I think there's 2 things. One is the transaction costs that you're seeing there is driving a piece of that. And then there's some dilution from the operating income and then there's an inventory step up on intangibles. So those are the 3 main components. We do expect it to be slightly dilutive next year then turn around after that.
Vince Forlenza: The question was are we giving the 5%, 10%, 10% of the bottom line of the reported number or are we making any adjustments to the reported number.
Vince Forlenza: We're not ready to start guiding on the share buybacks at this point. There's too many moving pieces. So we'll come back to you in November on that piece. But you're right. One of the things that we're very fortunate is that we have such strong cash flow as a company. We're in good position to fund our growth initiatives and our capital needs. So we'll get back to you on that.
Vince Forlenza: Well, first, of course, we think about funding the needs of the business, our growth initiatives, R&D and then of course, moving to capital. On the capital side, our biggest requirement right now is the Pharmaceutical Systems business. It's not so much capacity expansion as it is a new manufacturing process and, of course, going forward with ReLoCo and. Then from there, of course, it's dividends and share buybacks.
Vince Forlenza: So I guess that was the one environmental difference and some of the research funding in Europe that we mentioned. Bill Rhodes was talking about the fact that in the U.K. and in France, we see delays in funding. There's actually 3 different pathways in the U.K. to funding. In one of those pathways, which is the biggest one, they have dropped a percentage that they will fund on an individual instrument. So customers are having to seek other sources of funding. So those are the kind of the environmental things that we're dealing with. But the new products are basically on track.
Vince Forlenza: Sure. I'll make a first comment and then turn it over to Gary. Specifically on China, we see a multi-year commitment, not just this 5-year plan to building the health care system. And I think they see that fundamental to their, I call it, country strategy and social stability. So we think there's going to be continued commitment to health care, and they're really in the early stages of building that system. And we see more opportunity across the region, which Gary can comment on and not just in Asia.
Vince Forlenza: Well, I'll ask Tom Polen to comment on that. But they're probably 2 different things that we're talking about.
Vince Forlenza: So in addition, when we were talking austerity, remember we are also including Biosciences in that and the impacts that we were seeing both in France and the U.K. But what we're saying is, we're looking at about a 1% decrease from our forecast going forward in Western Europe when we take all of that into account.
Vince Forlenza: Yes. So it has increased a little bit. It's up slightly from where it was before. We continue to see price pressure on selected products. Really in the device category over the last several months and, Kristen, I expect that this is going to continue slightly more than last quarter.
Vince Forlenza: No, I'm not seeing this as a real deceleration. As I said, more in line net-net, if we were to go through everything.
Vince Forlenza: Yes. Let me thank all of you for your questions and your interest. Let me just make a final comment on the revenue growth rate '11 versus '12. And just to remind everyone that if you look at FY '11 and you adjust for the flu and the stimulus on an FX-neutral basis for the total company, we're at approximately 5%. And just to clarify what we're saying for next year on an FX-neutral basis is basically the same numbers. So ultimately, when you factor all these issues in that we've talked about, we're saying about the same. I'd also like to say that we're pleased with the quarter. The product launches that we've discussed with you are on track. We're excited about those products. We're excited about what we're seeing in Diabetes Care with the Nano and the MAX and the launches in Biosciences as well, and they're offsetting some headwinds from the marketplace. Our operational programs are on track, and we're pleased that we started them on a proactive basis several years ago. And we look forward to the benefits of those programs in the years to come and the expansion of those programs with ReLoCo 2. The business as we set for next year, 5% on the top line and 10% on the bottom line on an underlying basis, and so we look forward to giving you more detail as we move forward. And thanks very much for your participation today.
Gary Cohen: Sure. Yes. This is Gary Cohen. And I think that the general look at Western Europe masks to some degree what's actually occurring and what we're seeing. There's been a few analysts who have commented that some of the other peer companies see slightly different trends. And if you strip it apart a little bit, you'll see it's not as different as it may first appear. In the quarter, our weakness in Western Europe was pretty much concentrated in France, which is disproportionally impacted by the Pharmaceutical Systems business, which had the combination of 2 factors going on. One is the sales mix shift in part to the U.S. and the second is some overall weakness in Pharmaceutical Systems in Europe. Based on the way we transact, all of our Pharmaceutical Systems sales in Europe are registered in France. So it has a disproportionate impact there, and France is a much larger country relative to the others. All the other countries were up year-to-year. In some cases, up mid- to high-single digits. In other cases, flat- to low-single digits. And on the overall basis, we would say flat- to low-single digits characterizes what the ongoing sales trend is in Western Europe. The other business that was impacted is BD Biosciences, which had some what we believe to be short-term trends in research funding that are negatively impacting our reported sales. Other than Pharmaceutical Systems and Biosciences, all the other businesses were up and reflect more of what you might see in the mainstay Medical device market that would be reported by other companies. In a moment, I think we'll ask Bill Kozy and Bill Rhodes to comment on Pharmaceutical Systems and Biosciences, but that's where it was concentrated and among countries, it was concentrated in France.
Gary Cohen: This is Gary Cohen. I would say that we don't see things that would give us any cause for concern that the growth won't continue in emerging markets. And that's on the basis of having a business array that's very well aligned to the health needs that exist emerging markets. Whether it be infectious disease, chronic disease such as diabetes, cervical cancer, all these areas where we have a lot of depth are well aligned to primary areas of interest and health care investment. Plus, as health care access broadens, which is a principal factor in health care reform processes in many countries, China, of course, but also other countries like Indonesia, Russia is passing a major health care reform bill. We're seeing in Latin America, because of the economic strain growth going forward there as well, and as basic health care access improves that also lends itself to the type of very core products that we have such as injection infusion, blood drawing and so forth. The other factor I would say is that we've developed over the past decade a sound experience and a good business model for how to engage and collaborate with health authorities and in developing countries with NGOs on addressing health needs. And that business model is also a key part of our ongoing success. And finally, as noted in the quarter, we're seeing strong growth in safety engineered devices where we have a lot of strength. So we can say it's going to be the same growth every quarter going out over the next several years but the general trends and dynamics we think are positive. And the whole notion of health care reform in emerging markets is a very positive thing. In the West, it's constrained. But in health care reform in the emerging markets it means investment. We don't see this changing as the economies continue to improve.
Gary Cohen: This is Gary Cohen. In the quarter, Medical Surgical, Diabetes Care and all Diagnostic Systems both Preanalytical and what we call Diagnostic Systems, the Diagnostic business both had low- to mid-single digit growth. It was really Pharmaceutical Systems and Biosciences that have the lighter quarter.
William Rhodes: And this is Bill Rhodes. In Biosciences, we look very carefully. It turns out that in the U.K. in particular France and a little bit in the Benelux region, we saw an impact of customers seeing delayed research funding coming in to be able to complete their purchase of larger analyzer systems. But our view and our thought with our customers and those in-country is basically a delay, not a major trend.
William Rhodes: This is Bill Rhodes. I'm assuming you're talking about the debt ceiling and what's happened in Washington over the last few days. Obviously, it's too early for us to prognosticate and we really wouldn't at this point. But again, what we generally see obviously the discretionary spending is where the U.S. government is going to go. That may have an impact on NIH and NSF funding. On the other hand, then we've said this in prior quarters, we tend to see that our Flow business and in the instrumentation are in areas that are actually preserved within the NIH budget. So right now, we're not seeing anything that modifies our view.
William Rhodes: This is Bill Rhodes. Assuming that we are talking about research funding in particular, no, we haven't seen anything, Doug.
William Rhodes: The best I can tell you about that is that it's essentially a replacement for an existing system that we considered the gold standard around the world, which is the FACSCount. So you should anticipate that it would be -- and you didn't ask cost but I'll talk price. You should consider it to be at about that same price point so that's available as an upgrade or replacement to those laboratories. It basically is an instrument that depending upon quantity, et cetera, would be anywhere from about $25,000 to $32,000.
William Rhodes: Well, actually on the developed world, the FACSVerse is the product that would likely be the one to become the clinical product in the developed world because of the need for higher throughput. And that essentially, in the developed world today, the instruments that are in most of the laboratories doing HIV testing, CD4 testing are really the higher-end analyzers, not the FACSCount.
David Elkins: Yes, it's comparison to the fourth quarter of last year. What we're saying overall for the year. When you do the math as far as the impact on currency to gross margins, it'll be neutral for the full year. So within the quarter, there'll be slightly negative to offset the positives that we've had year-to-date.
David Elkins: David, we'll comment on the operating income in November when we break out all the components. It's probably best to wait until then to do that. But as Vince said on the call, as we think about this year 5% top line growth and 10% bottom line growth, given all the levers and even with the investment that we have in our SAP and EVEREST programs next year, we still believe that we can continue to get that margin expansion. And I'll turn it back over to Vince for the acquisition.
David Elkins: Kristen, the way to think about it is our base for growing going into next year is what our reported number is this year. The only adjustment you would ever make is if you had any hedges, and we don't have any hedges this year. So when we talk about 10% growth on a reported number this year, the only adjustment being is the dilution from the acquisition.
David Elkins: Well, you got to take the net effect of the dilution this year and the dilution next year. So there'll be, as Vince said, there is the $0.05 dilution this year and minimal dilution in fiscal year '12, which we'll provide guidance on in November.
David Elkins: No, what we've said was the impact of the acquisition has not been built into our guidance because we haven't closed the deal yet. But the dilution impact for this year is $0.05. We have not given you what the number is for next year.
David Elkins: So we haven't guided on the share buybacks for next year at this point. What we said was that we'll come back to you in November, and we'll give you all the pieces at that time.
David Elkins: Receivables is about $6 million. This is David, Jaimin. And we had legal fees, which were around $7 million, and then between EVEREST and our pension, there's about $10 million there. And remember we also talked about the deferred compensation, which is offset other income, which comes through. So those were the main drivers in the quarter. For the full year obviously, they're a little larger.
David Elkins: So Kristen, it's an all-in number that we gave you. We don't have all the details broken out. But from a preliminary analysis standpoint, we're kind of stepping back and saying we're looking at Western Europe, we're looking at the cost controls in the U.S. So kind of a developing world, low growth in utilization. I also mentioned the issue that Bill Kozy went into a little bit of detail on in terms of our expectations around inventory in the chain and the Pharm Systems business. We had that in our minds as well. So it's more of an environmental, including the pricing trends that we have seen. All of that together.
Tom Polen: This is Tom Polen. So overall, as Vince had indicated, for the quarter, we're up 5.7% if we look specifically at our women's health TriPath business that had a strong quarter 7.8% TriPath growth for the quarter. We continue to see as it relates to that business' secular pressures on pap testing volumes driven by changes in the testing intervals. So in the U.S., our U.S. sales for TriPath were down 1% in the quarter driven by that dynamic. And internationally, we continue to see strong double-digit growth in most markets as countries continue to both expand access to cervical cancer screening programs, and we also continue to upgrade customers from conventional pap to our liquid-based cytology technology. In terms of overall diagnostic volumes and sample volumes, I think we would continue to observe pretty flat overall testing in the U.S. and of course, that varies within segments of the market with molecular testing volume certainly much higher than that and pap volumes lower than that.
Tom Polen: Yes. Right. This is Tom Polen. Good question. So I think in terms of the trends that we're seeing in pap volumes, we've all seen there is general decline in OB/GYN patient visit volumes happening as an underlying phenomenon. And then in addition to that, of course, there are recommendations made earlier last year or the year before in terms of stemming the intervals. And we've looked at actually some interesting data where if you look back 3 years ago, only 14% of doctors of OB/GYNs recommended doing pap testing every 3 years. Now 34% of doctors recommend doing pap testing every 3 years. So we see that certainly as a trend that's moving in an extended interval. But right now, it's 34% of doctors. And so if you ask how long is this dynamic going to exist in the U.S., I think it's hard to put an end in. Certainly, we would expect that trend to continue for the balance of this year and certainly into FY '12. We don't have a recovery built into our U.S. and expect a similar growth next year in the U.S. as we see this year. As I mentioned in earlier commentary, x U.S. is a very different story as pap testing is really something which is being implemented in most of the developing world today. In terms of impacts on other women's health test like Trich and GC/CT, we've actually have not seen that type of impact in our GC/CT business. I know we have reported that, that business performance in the past we were up 5.1% in that business in the quarter, which is similar to our year-to-date performance, if not slightly up. So we don't see the impact there. And Trich is a different dynamic. So unlike pap in the U.S. where pap is a routine screening, we see Trich is still in the dialogue about becoming more routine screening for asymptomatic women. And so that's a very small market today, but we certainly don't see it declining.
Tom Polen: This is Tom Polen. So as Vince mentioned, that study we started, a U.S. study in Q4 last year. That trial is ongoing. We are in the data analysis phase of that, and our launch date of 2013 remains unchanged from what we shared in the past. In terms of any other commentary regarding the actual data that we're seeing, I'll not comment on that at this point in time.
Tom Polen: This is Tom Polen. So we're very pleased with the launch. It's tracking right through our expectations, and we're seeing very positive feedback from customers. We have to shift, of course, a number of instruments. We do have, particularly in Europe, a number of our customers have begun to develop their own assays on the system using the open channel capabilities. And the feedback that we're getting certainly the most consistent is just around the full automation, which customers are very pleased with, as well as the flexibility that the system offers with its open capabilities, which is all we that we've launched at this point in time. Obviously, as Vince mentioned in his earlier commentary, our BD branded assays begin to launch in FY '12.
Tom Polen: So this is Tom. For the quarter, GeneOhm was -- it was an interesting quarter for GeneOhm. We grew 5.5% for the quarter, which was impacted largely by timing of orders. Let me just give a little bit more color there. So the first month of the quarter was light, and the last 2 months of the quarter were quite strong, actually above our full year run rate. And so we saw those balancing out. You may recall we had a real jump in our growth in Q2, and what we expect was there is probably a bit of pull forward on a stocking situation. All of these are direct ship to customers inventory as we went into the summer period. And so as we look across the year-to-date, we're up 14% and that's still the trend that we expect to continue for the balance of the year. As you mentioned, the question on menu and potential overlap with the Viper platform assuming most specifically looking at the STD area of GC/CT and Trich. So we do see that certainly the MAX and the Viper serve 2 very different segments. So if you think about the Viper, that is used primarily for a large volume tests, often screening tests like GC/CT, Trich as that moves into screening in the future, HPV. As you're aware, we have HPV in development and actually a good [indiscernible] article came out this month on our HPV assay. As we think about wanting low-cost, high-throughput solution for high-volume screening laboratories, Viper is going to be a platform of choice for that. It's extremely efficient from a workflow perspective, and the design of that product allows a very low cost of goods for us to be able to provide a very competitive price point to customers who have that high-throughput, high-workflow efficiency need. For customers more characterized as acute care setting customers, MAX is a moderately complex instrument. So not only can a MAX go into a hospital laboratory, but also laboratories that would perhaps be currently using our Affirm product, not hospital-based laboratories that are moderately complex, MAX can fit into those environment. So there, they may be setting out their testing today or have just a different dynamic where the throughput isn't quite as important. And they're looking for flexibility and breadth of assays that they can run on the MAX system to fully utilize it. We see that. Those types of customers wanting access to test like GC/CT and Trich and therefore, we're putting those on. We'll be at a different price points, so it will be more expensive than if you wanted to run that same assay on the Viper. But it'll service that segment very nicely. And we are putting actually the GC/CT Trich that is going to be a triplex combo assay single well.
