Tom Polen: Thank you. Chris and Kristen, I think it's now we should open up the Operator -- open up the line to Q&A.
Tom Polen: Yes. It was a little bit difficult to hear what you said there, Vijay on the Q4 topic, I'll let Chris comment on that. But as we've said in the past, we do expect that -- and we'll share a lot more about this on our Investor Day in November, which obviously we hope to see you there -- is we expect the impact of our investments of the COVID profit reinvestments to begin having an impact in the back half of next -- towards the tail end of next year. And we'll talk about what those specific programs are. Some are for short-term R&D lifecycle management programs that we'll be hitting, but also include non-R&D initiatives such as reinvestments we made to establish new, for example, telesales organization in Europe that's helping us access smaller hospitals that we weren't calling in before and we're getting new growth from, or expanding our non-acute sales channel in the U.S. We used some of those investments to accelerate investments there, tapping into a high growth market as the non-acute space is now growing much faster than the Acute Care market where we've had our traditional sales strength in. And so obviously, those commercial investments have near-term payoff. We expect actually the investments that we're making on the commercial side this year, to be fully-funding, self-funding next year. So they're quick paybacks and we'll see those benefits as we've said, that strong mid-single-digits profile in our base business next year. On the other question, let me turn that over to Chris.
Tom Polen: Hey Robbie. This is Tom. So on the -- let me take the -- I'll let Chris address the Q4 question that you had. On the $12 floor, I think Chris walked through very clearly how we built up the $12 floor there. And essentially that takes out all COVID -- standalone COVID diagnostics. So all of that comes out. Any standalone COVID testing that we were to have would be incremental to the $12 and you know how much that is this year. Again, it's very difficult to predict what type of COVID testing is going to occur next year, and so we thought it's most prudent to focus on projecting our base business. We do have some Veritor flu sales and flu - COVID combination, which is really a next generation flu test. Built-in but much more aligned to what you would see in a normal flu season, rather than increased demand from testing for COVID patients. As I said, we have no COVID standalone revenue. And so that's how we've built in our $12 floor. As Chris also mentioned, we don't have Alaris 510(k) assumed at all. We do believe that just given inherent inability to predict FDA approval timing, it's not prudent to try to peg when that would be. And so we do not have anything beyond Alaris revenues being flat year-on-year, which as a reminder, we said was a little over a $100 million in FY '21. And so we have that flat going into '22. So that's that. Those are the main factors, Chris went through a number of others. We can circle back on any other questions you have there, but let's go back on your Q4 question. I'll turn it over to Chris.
Tom Polen: And we have said before, Travis, as well, we do have -- we very purposely kept a number of expenses on the P&L that stay at the GP line, that as Alaris does, is 510(k) approved. Those expenses will now get absorbed by the higher revenue as soon as the higher revenue starts to come through. Those expenses at stay on the GP line, for example, are very large service organization that we know we need. It's extremely experienced strong team, deep relationships with our customers. And we've kept that those expenses in place because we want that team in place to continue to service our customers, as we ultimately get the 510(k) approved, and back fully to market. Same thing on our commercial side, right? We've kept our -- while the revenue has gone down we've kept that commercial team in place. We have many, many people with decade-plus experience and long relationships with our customers who have great expertise in that -- not only that space, but overall medication management. And so we want to keep that expertise in place as we think about it long term. So those expenses, of course, as revenue ramps, we don't see the need to add those service or sales investments because we've actually kept them in place. Similar to what we had when it was at much higher revenue number.
Tom Polen: Just a reminder, Matthew, we do have a COVID flu combination test, rapid test. Which we will can step -- that's in that flu category as well. So we do think even if there's a lighter flu season, the availability of symptoms; we will be testing for combination as well. We do expect there will be some continued testing of COVID only as well. But the ability to predict that number right now, again, we're not giving guidance. We just shared a floor number. If there is to predict how much standalone COVID testing is going to happen next year, it is not something one should do. Thanks for your question.
Tom Polen: Yeah. This is Tom. Appreciate the question there. I can give a little bit of color on what we're seeing overall, both in just general utilization, and then I'll talk about what we're seeing more recently in just the last 1 or 2 weeks. As I think most folks are aware, we have one of our informatics platforms is called MedMined which is a software that allows us to see real-time admission data, utilization data, test data, outbreak data, resistance data, literally real-time. It's hundreds of hospitals across the U.S. And so some of the details that we see generally are over Q3. We saw about 91% to 92% utilization versus pre-COVID, about 92% exit in June. And that was a sequential improvement from Q2 average, which was in the 80's. And we expect to see further sequential improvement as we think about Q4 overall. In the non-acute sector it was already -- we saw a 105% utilization versus pre-COVID in May June, and sequential improvements from Q2, which was in the 95% range. As we think about the impact of -- and Europe by the way, with the data we look at show the bed utilization first pre-COVID utilization overall versus pre-COVID was estimated around 92%. Exited the quarter around 93%, which was sequentially up from Q2, which was about 86%. So as we think about the impact of COVID Delta variant in the last 1 or 2 weeks, we've seen it really, as was expected I think, when there would be outbreaks, that you'd start seeing them in concentrated geographic pockets. And that's certainly what you're seeing with the Delta variant. The last number I had was 16 meaningful U.S. healthcare systems that had stopped or significantly reduced elective procedures. And many of those, or the largest ones of those U.S. systems that have done that, that was as of last week, that was the number I had was 16. They were down in Florida, Louisiana, a [indiscernible] number of those were in the south. So it's -- we're seeing it in those areas, but not, certainly not across the country broadly. And we're not seeing really any significant change globally. Certainly there's pockets where that's happening, but for example in Europe, which is a major market for us we're not seeing a change there. We have built in some continuation of that into our guidance. And so if it doesn't continue at that level, that could be an opportunity. But again, being prudent as I think we've been all year long, we took an approach that said, well, if the Delta were to continue and there were to be some impact on procedural volumes, we would be absorbing that within our guidance. It would have to be a significant change versus what's being seen.
Tom Polen: We see that as built into our outlook map. And when we talk about the strong mid-single-digit performance next year, and continuing to help fuel our mid-single-digit growth profile. None of those acquisitions have any meaningful impact in Q3. Many of them closed, actually, either at the very end of Q3 or even more recently in Q4. So not an impact in Q3, and part of our growth equation, as we look going forward. But as you said, we're excited about the tuck-ins we're doing. It's combination of both strengthening our base business like what you see in Velano, offering really unique innovation and into an already extremely strong portfolio and a bag that we have. 2 areas that are entering us into new spaces. Like what you saw with Tepha or the ZebraSci, which both enters us into new spaces, but connect us deeply with an important customer segments, small biopharma, providing them services. That -- ZebraSci is the leader in providing them combination drug-device testing services allows us to build those relationships further. And as you know, many of the new drugs coming into the pipelines are in that small biotech segment that we think is attractive to invest behind. Thanks for the question.
Tom Polen: Thank you, Operator. Before we sign off and on behalf of the board and the entire executive team, I want to thank BD's 70,000 associates around the globe. This past quarter, I had a special opportunity to travel to a number of our sites, including our warehouse in Georgia, 2 of our plants in Nebraska, who've all been working tirelessly to produce essential medical devices.  Some that are being used for the pandemic response. And I'd like to say a special thanks to them and all of our manufacturing associates around the globe. They are the essential part of our frontline team and make me proud to be BD. And so I thank you, directly, on behalf of the entire organization. For all of you listening, I hope everyone stays safe and healthy. And thank you for joining in. Hope you have a great day.
Chris Reidy: Sure, Bob. Thank you for your comments too. Yeah. We -- as we think about margins, we do see the opportunity to get back to those 2019 margins over time, and we'll see that as Alaris comes back into the market, and as recode and our normal continuous improvement occur, and we'll see that improvement also as we grow mid-single-digits and we provide leverage that drops to the bottom line and that will also increase. There's a number of things that have pushed those margins down. We've talked about those in the past. You have Alaris, the ship hold. Obviously, there's an impact, but that will come back. We also have the drop in the China volume-based procurement is an impact, and obviously we're seeing some pressure from inflation, et cetera, that have run through. So, they have come down, but the model is intact, and we're very confident that we can drive those margins back to the '19 levels in the next -- in the near term as Alaris comes back and as we get the continuous improvement from Recode.
Chris Reidy: Yes. So, a couple of things will help us improve. And the other thing that I should mention is there is some FX drag on margins as well, and that's been flowing through. But as we think about improvements going forward, we'll see improvements from utilization as utilization comes back. And so that will help -- will also comparatively to the margins that we have this year. We’ll see continuous improvement, Recode kicking in. We'll see less one-time items. We took in a number of one-time items this year, the spending in the Veritor proceeds, et cetera, so those come back.  So you would expect to see us getting back to those kind of margins as Alaris kicks in, in '23, and we see that impact and as we make continuous improvement in '22 and '23.
Chris Reidy: Sure. Yeah, I think it would be helpful to look at the flow from third quarter to the fourth quarter. We do expect margins to improve. I think we said that our margins would be 53 to 53.5. That's up a full point from the Q3 margins, and that's coming from improved utilization combined with some of our continuous improvement efforts. We'll also have less one-time airfreight that we saw in the back half of '21, and we will have some pricing actions as well. We do expect it to improve operating margins more than the normal 50 basis points relative to that '21 to '22, and that again comes from utilization. As that improves next year, there's less impact from FX. We have seen FX flowing through our inventory, and so you'll see that abate going forward. And then, we see our continuous improvement items offsetting any continued flow-through of inflationary pricing. When we look at the impact on our raw materials, resins as you know, is a big piece of that. Resins is a combination of some inflationary pressure, but it's also a function of other things; supply and demand in the oil market. And we took a big hit on that in '21, and we would expect that to abate somewhat, and that's something that we're watching very closely as we think about giving guidance in '22.
Chris Reidy: Yeah. Vijay, I would just remind you that, going back in history, if you look at the Q4 of FY '19, that's a tough compare. That was the biggest MMS quarter for a number of reasons. And so that's what you're seeing as you're doing your calculation.
Chris Reidy: Sure. Thanks. Tom. And what I would remind you, Robbie, is that we have pointed to the fact that we are making investments this year and not to really look at the second half margins. We said they were going to be lower. You said not to use those as indicative base to jump off for '22, which is what we're saying today. The Q4 margins are pressured by an additional amount of COVID reinvestment. So we made that reinvestment announcement earlier. It takes a while. It tends to be back-end loaded, so there's a preponderance of reinvestment there in the quarter. We continue to see some drag from FX in the quarter, although less than the third quarter. We also expect to see the impact of inflationary costs running through our inventory. And we see that coming through in the fourth quarter as well. So when you sum all that up, we talked about the baseline of 21.5 to 22 as the jumping-off point. We said that it was more than our 50 basis point target going forward. And that -- how much more is where you have to plug it in to get to the $12 number that we gave as a floor. And I think Tom articulated what that $12 floor was meant to be. It doesn't have any testing assumption for COVID in it, although we would assume some water level of standalone testing. It also assumes the testing for flu and COVID combination, which is equal to a normal flu season. It's still pretty early to call that and that's something that we'll give more clarity on as we get into November. It is, just that, a baseline. We wanted to make sure people understood that we can grow more than normal off of '21. And get to at least that $12 level and to close out anything lower than that. And then we'll build from there as we give more specific guidance in November.
Chris Reidy: I think you flow that through for this year. And then for next year, we should be -- we've traditionally guided 14% to 16%. I think you should consider that being at the low end of that range.
Chris Reidy: That does come back from that baseline and that's in the assumptions that get us to more than the normal 50 basis points. So that does go away and it does come back in margins. The difference between the -- weather it's the 56ish on gross margin or 25 to 26 on operating margin, is not really inflation it's more around the China VOBP, Alaris and some FX impacts that on the combination of those bring you down in the area of about a 150 basis points on a gross margin basis for example. If you take a step back, we're pulling all the levers that are necessary to drive that up. So the base business is doing well. That's a great foundation. We're reinvesting the Veritor proceeds that drive revenue growth going forward, but also to drive Recode and help there. We've got a balanced allocation strategy. You saw us buying back shares. That will help on the bottom line, we're divesting non-strategic businesses that will help with the growth profile going forward. So all of those things give us great confidence that we'll get back to those kind of margins in the near future as we take those steps. And we're headed in the right direction and the fundamental assumption of mid-single-digit growth on the top. And double-digit TSR in the bottom implies a certain amount of leverage that we feel very comfortable with. We feel good with that operating model, it's intact and that will drive margins up over time.
Chris Reidy: Okay. I think you did a good job of it. That is the summary. You have exactly those parts and that is the headwind. The Alaris headwind is something that should come back to us in 2023 overtime. And I think you've got the parts.
Chris Reidy: I would refer you back to the prepared remarks because I think we were very clear as to what's included in that $12, and what is not included. The ability to estimate what testing is going to be next year is very volatile. Frankly, if you asked me two weeks ago, it would have been a different answer than it is today with the Delta variant, and it'll be very different in November. So when we give November guidance, we'll give you a better sense of that, but the floor is exactly what it is. It's no testing other than a normal flu season and nothing in for Alaris. And that's all I'll say about that.
Chris Reidy: I think it's really an improvement in the margin year-in, year-out, and that's been the model. And we're very confident that we can return to that and to drive those margins back up to the '19 levels and beyond as we move forward.
Chris Reidy: The only thing I would say is you're -- you should be thinking about when Alaris comes back that the -- it takes a while for the sales to ramp. And that's all I would say on that.
Chris Reidy: I'll take that. The floor does not contemplate that. As we complete the spin and as we get closer to the spin, we will make adjustments to any kind of outlook or guidance that we have. The $12 relates to BDX as a whole. And as it relates to dilution, what we have said is that the dilution to RemainCo would be primarily stranded costs. We'll have transition service agreements in place, and we'll have some time to offset any potential dilution that we have during that transition services period of time. And more to come on that as we get closer to the spin date.
Chris Reidy: And then the first thing I would do is just correct your statement that we didn't give guidance for '22. Using the term guidance is inaccurate. We just gave you a floor and a way to think about it. I just want to make sure that that's clear. And what we said was a normal flu season. And we have talked about in the past that, that normal flu season is in the range of $80 to $100 million and it remains unclear as to what type of flu season, flu/ COVID season we have. Last year, the flu season was basically nonexistent. That's why we outlined that assumption as clearly as we did.
Chris Reidy: I'm not sure what you just said there, but I think the -- would there be some COVID testing standalone that's something we'll give insights going forward in November.
Larry Biegelsen: Just a couple of questions on the margin. When we look at the 20 to 20.5 base for Q4, what's the ramp through fiscal 2022 look like? On the last call, you said it would ramp through the year. And Chris just a multi-part question on the margin. So I apologize in advance. You had guidance to '25 to '26 post-Alaris, post-China VBP, so is the difference here mostly inflation? You talked about the moving parts and the $200 million reinvestment. That alone, you said would come off -- that's a 100 basis points. So just lastly here or any other headwinds, tailwinds to consider on that he margin commentary.
Larry Biegelsen: Well, just on the -- people have looked at this closely. Post Alaris, recall the China VBP. You gave guidance of 25% to 26% for the operating margin. Is the difference really here mostly inflation? And just lastly, the $200 million reinvestment in 2021, that goes away next year. That alone is a 100 basis points.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks [Indiscernible] I'll drop given the multi-part question there. Thanks for taking the question.
