Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we stated in our press release, we are very pleased with our performance this quarter, which was ahead of our expectations. This quarter marks an important milestone in BD's history, as it is the first time reporting our results as the New BD, which combines the BD and CareFusion businesses, generating over $3 billion in revenues in the quarter. We continue to be on target with the integration of BD and CareFusion. We've made excellent progress with our leadership assessment across the organization and are confident we have the team in place to execute on our strategy. We remain on track to achieve our fiscal 2015 and 2016 accretion commitments. Our solid results this quarter clearly demonstrate our early progress as the New BD. This performance was driven by continued solid mid-single-digit top line performance from the BD business coupled with better than expected revenue performance across the CareFusion businesses. Once again, our solid results highlight the benefit of our diverse portfolio both on a product and geographic basis. Additionally, the operating leverage in the quarter demonstrates we're making good progress towards delivering on our synergy commitments. Our strong performance to date and full-year outlook gives us the confidence to raise our adjusted diluted EPS guidance despite additional foreign currency headwinds. Now I would like to turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our third quarter financial performance and our updated fiscal year 2015 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Chris. Moving on to slide 18, I would like to go over the Medical & Biosciences segment and the Life Sciences unit. We remain excited about the Intelliport opportunity. Excuse me one second. We remain excited about the Intelliport opportunity, our system for eliminating bolus IV injection errors at the bedside. We're receiving early positive customer interest, and we remain on track for commercial release. We continue to expect to launch our insulin infusion sets in fiscal year 2016. Our collaboration with Medtronic, announced in June, will enable BD FlowSmart technology to be made widely available to as many people living with diabetes as possible. We had presented three different evidence posters at the American Diabetes Association's annual meeting with data on BD FlowSmart technology. This included results showing a 75% reduction in pressure rise events or silent occlusions. We are confident that this product will have a meaningful impact for diabetes patients globally. Within Biosciences, we continue to anticipate the launch of two additional BD Horizon dyes based on the Sirigen technology. As we have been sharing with you, these dyes combined with our high-end research instruments are enabling significant gains in multi-parameter flow cytometry analysis. We also continue to anticipate the launch of two instruments, the X14 high-parameter multicolor research instrument and the BD FACSVia clinical instrument, aimed to enable increased market adoption in emerging markets, particularly in China. Turning to slide 19, you will see the various product launches in our Life Sciences Diagnostic unit. Our BD MAX molecular instrument continues to gain traction with customers in Western Europe, where our expanded menu that includes the CE Marked GC/CT and GC/CT/Trich assays launched last quarter are enabling increased placements. We remain focused on menu expansion on the BD MAX platform and expect the Enteric Parasite assay to launch later this quarter in the U.S., followed in fiscal 2016 by the Extended Enteric Bacterial and Enteric Viral assays in the EU and the U.S. in 2016 and 2017. In 2016, we also expect to launch GC/CT in the U.S. and the Vaginitis/Vaginosis assays in the EU and the U.S. We also expect to launch the BD Totalys system in the U.S. in women's health and cancer for cervical cancer screening automation in the first half of fiscal year 2016. As you can see, we continue to have strong opportunities in our pipeline, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you going forward. On slide 20, before we open the call to questions, I'd like to reiterate the key messages from our presentation today. First, we're very pleased with our results as the New BD. Second, our performance was driven by continued solid mid-single-digit top line performance from the BD business coupled with better than expected revenue performance from the CareFusion businesses. Once again, our solid results highlight the benefits of our diverse portfolio, both on a product and geographic basis. Third, we are making significant progress successfully integrating CareFusion into BD while achieving cost synergies. Fourth, our strong performance in the quarter and our full-year outlook gives us the confidence to raise our guidance for fiscal year 2015. Finally, we look forward to the future with confidence, as we continue to deliver on BD's strategy of providing complete solutions for global health care needs. Thank you, we'll now open the call to questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, Mike, I can't think of any significant surprises. What I would tell you is that I think the implementation, it's not a surprise, we planned it out, is going very well. We're very much on track with what we expected. As we think about both the cost synergies and the planning for the revenue synergies, I think all that detailed planning has come together quite nicely. I wouldn't say it's a surprise, but I did mention in my opening remarks that the talent assessment and integration, we feel very good about the team that we now have in place. Now was it a little bit of a surprise in terms of the strong performance in the quarter of the CareFusion businesses? Yes, we had communicated a revenue expectation that was less. And so that was a bit of an upside for the short run, but in the longer-run issues, really nothing – really on-track performance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure, Mike. That's great. So I'll take China in the quarter, and then I'll ask Tom Polen to talk about the exciting opportunity that we have in the infusion business in China going forward. So we did see a little bit of softness in China in the quarter. It was mostly on the diagnostics side, where we saw longer purchasing cycles for equipment. And so that's what impacted the third quarter. We did change the guidance to 16% to 17%. It's down slightly from where we were last quarter. We do expect that there will be some inventory adjustments on the medical side of the business in the fourth quarter, and that's just being proactive with our distribution partners, to make sure that they have the right level of inventory. That's how we get to 16% to 17%. But when we look at it more broadly, it's still a very exciting opportunity for us. We're still outperforming our peers, but what is going on, it's becoming very big. And as it's becoming bigger, just the law of large numbers is starting to come into effect here. And so, at these growth rates, it's still going to be contributing significantly going forward. And as you mentioned, and asked about, we see the opportunity in the core continuing, but on top of that, as we go forward, the opportunity, not just infusion, but in other product lines. But let me turn it over to Tom to talk about the opportunity in infusion.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, Mike, I'm going next week to China to sign the new memorandum of understanding, and so I'm really looking forward to that. The last one was a couple years ago. This will include infection control products as well, and it will be focused on infusion therapy.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So our SORP business is over $100 million, and it's been a strong franchise for us for a long time. And I think, Linda, at the high end of the research market, you're now starting to see some real traction with that product line.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes, so as Linda says that, it's more than just the SORP product line that I mentioned. Linda is also talking about the standard research products, which we're very excited about.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes, we're early on, but we think it's a real opportunity for us. And as Tom is saying, we're seeing the initial impacts, but we've got a long way to go.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes, both Tom and I have been out visiting accounts, and we've seen this first-hand. It's a really powerful value proposition that we have now.
Vincent A. Forlenza: They're pretty much clustered around the corporate average. Diagnostics may be a little bit below, but we see the margins there improving. So nothing in terms of modeling and going forward that I would really be pointing to, I think pretty much a cluster.
Vincent A. Forlenza: We haven't changed our perspective on emerging markets. We kept it at 10% for the year. I think that's a good way for us to be thinking about it. And you're right, there are moving pieces there. We saw Brazil bounce back, for example. India actually, we don't talk about, has been doing better and better for us. So, we expect Asia to continue to be strong. So it's not just China. And as we said, China is going to – continue to be strong for us. It's not going to be at 20% going forward. So that's the way we think about that. In terms of the strategic review process, we're making good progress on that program, and we're to the point of doing some market checks on appropriate assets. And we'll keep you updated as that moves forward.
Vincent A. Forlenza: It's a hypothetical question. We're going to do the right thing. If we think there's a benefit to accelerating something, we would accelerate it, keeping in mind, if we were in that position, keeping in mind our commitments that we're making. We talked to you, I think it was last quarter, about the fact that we accelerated the work on registration for China. So those one-off decisions we'd be making; we'll just be rational about it.
Vincent A. Forlenza: We'll have to look at that again next year as we get into it. Last year we saw a little bit of negative pricing in the fourth quarter, and I know we're guiding pretty much flat pricing for this year. But it's still a very competitive marketplace. I'm very happy with the way we have managed pricing this year. It's something we're really intensely focused on. But I think we have to stay tuned and do our plan before I say it's going to be – that the market has changed, I wouldn't be making that statement. I think we've done a good job this year, and so we'll revisit it next year.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, Vijay, I wouldn't comment on a particular adjacency, but we do continue to think about plug-in acquisitions as we go forward, and we look forward to having more flexibility as we take those debt levels down.
Vincent A. Forlenza: No, I think we're pretty much where we said we were going to be. Tom mentioned that the concept in terms of Medication Management is resonating very well. We have some work to do with integrating Cato and CRISI into the system and getting the software aligned. So there's some technical work to be done that gates us a little bit in the short run. But in terms of how we are thinking about it and the timing, I think we're right on track. Tom also mentioned we are making progress, getting products into the market outside of the U.S., as he mentioned, in China, so right where we expect it to be.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Okay, thank you very much for your participation today and your thoughtful questions. It's a very exciting time at BD, and we look forward to updating you on the progress of this strategy as we wrap up the year. Thanks very much, thanks a lot.
Thomas Polen: Okay. Hi, Mike. This is Tom. So as we think about the opportunity in infusion, maybe I'll break it into a time horizon approach. And so, across both consumables and capital, we've actually recently just launched CareFusion's IV needleless connectors through our sales channel in China. And so that's a near-term opportunity associated with the infusion process. They're actually getting our first incremental sales from putting that through the BD sales force. So that's actually in the market underway. The next product that we're looking to launch there related to infusion are the infusion sets. And those are actively being prepared for SFDA submission. But those will be the next products to be launched. And following that are the pumps. As you mentioned, the pumps per hospital bed in China are a fraction, less than 10%, of the ratios that you see in the U.S. And we do see opportunities there, confirmed by research we've done directly and in the market space. We see both – and we've confirmed interest from customers for CME pumps broadly across hospital segments, but we also actually see opportunity for Alaris in the very top tier hospital segment. And so we're preparing registration for both of those products now in China, with more to come. But those will take a couple years to get through the SFDA process.
Thomas Polen: Sure. Hi, David, this is Tom, so just maybe one or two other comments on respiratory. Some of the better performance we saw this quarter was driven primarily in our respiratory capital business with favorable timing of orders, as one could expect within those capital-type businesses. So that's the one point there. Regarding the AVEA product, as Chris mentioned, it's about a $35 million product line. We have not assumed in our guidance that that returns to the market within this fiscal year. And so we don't see a risk for that from a timing perspective. On diabetes and your question there, as Chris had mentioned earlier, we did see some softness in Diabetes Care growth of about 3.4%, driven essentially exclusively by the U.S., which was 0.3% growth. And we really see that due to flattening of the price trend coupled with a decrease in the conversion rate from syringes to pen needles. As we sell pen needles at higher prices than syringes, slower conversion creates a drag on the revenue growth. Now with that said, more broadly, we remain really excited about the future in Diabetes Care and we're focused on meeting needs of our customers and growth opportunities, both in the core business as well as in new adjacent spaces, such as the new upcoming infusion set launch in FY 2016 that Vince mentioned in detail with Medtronic.
Thomas Polen: Yes, this is Tom. So in the CareFusion business, across the board we saw good growth, as we mentioned. In MMS underlying, we were about 5% growth for the quarter. So Pyxis ES and infusion are both doing well there. As Chris had mentioned, we had a very large 40% growth in the prior-year quarter in infusion, which made a tough comp. We also saw very good performance, though, in the Medication and Procedural Solutions business, the legacy CareFusion products, with a focus on both the ChloraPrep products but also the infusion consumables, the IV sets, valves, et cetera, so really positive momentum there. As we think about the infusion set in Diabetes Care, we haven't sized that opportunity. But maybe some comments that I can mention is that we have received FDA, CE, and Health Canada approval. At this point, we're really focused on ramping up our manufacturing for that product and preparing for launch in partnership with Medtronic in FY 2016.
Thomas Polen: This is Tom, good question. We do have significant work underway. As we mentioned before, we've put in some Lean Six Sigma teams to help lean out the Pyxis ES installation process, and the team is making some early positive progress there. With that said, we do continue to experience very strong demand for the Pyxis ES system. And so while we're installing off of the backlog, the backlog does remain essentially at those record high levels still because the pipeline is being filled in with new orders at quite a good rate. And so the process improvements are underway. We have made progress. More to do there, I would say, but we're heading in the right direction.
Thomas Polen: Rick, and maybe just one other comment I could add is to the earlier question on infusion pumps that you're maybe looking for a little bit more color on, one other comment I could add is that we are seeing customers respond very favorable to the medication management end-to-end vision and the connectivity of our solutions across that process, valuing both the pumps and the Pyxis ES being interoperable with one another through the electronic medical record and our SmartWorks platform. So that's resonating very positively with our customers.
Thomas Polen: Yes, we haven't been driving that yet. We've been focused in some markets where the products were not necessarily launched yet. It's been our focus, such as ChloraPrep has been a primary area. The other thing I would say perhaps is that we have integrated in our distributor for dispensing in Europe, and so we do now take that. We are taking those products direct. So the entire dispensing business we are now taking direct through Europe.
Thomas Polen: Sure, this is Tom. So we're less than 20% converted, our base business, and so we're in the early innings.
Linda Tharby: Hi, it's Linda here, a couple of additional comments to what Vince mentioned. So, with the addition of our Sirigen dyes and our multi-parameter flow analysis, we're really able to drive multi-parameters up above 50 parameters now, which is unheard of in the market, which is fantastic ,and driving double-digit growth across that research platform. The other area that you mentioned is spending. Of course, we're seeing stability in spending, both in the U.S. and Western Europe, which is helping, and also the NIH budget, which just saw an increase recently with the passing of the 21st Century Cures Act. So overall, as we look ahead to our research business, we continue to see strong performance, and with the funding, continue to see a positive outlook as we move forward.
Linda Tharby: It's Linda here. Thanks for the question, Brian. So on BD MAX, we continue to see expansion of the instruments in the U.S. and in EU being driven by the expanded assays. So we launched CT/GC and CT/GC/Trich in Europe and our enteric panels. We expect that to follow in the U.S. And then Vince provided very good commentary on our expected assay launches in 2016 and 2017. So really now starting to see double-digit growth in the MAX platform and positive feedback from our customers.
Linda Tharby: So in Europe, what we're seeing there is, again, very high double-digit growth, and in terms of instrument placement, a double-digit growth percentage in terms of the uptake in overall instruments, so very positive in Europe. And as we get our expanded menu, expect great things in the U.S. market as well.
Linda Tharby: Hi, it's Linda here. Of course, the guidelines came into effect in late 2012. We put that number today at about 70% to 75% penetration, in terms of doctors who have adopted that new interval testing. So probably over the next year or so, we say – where does that finish out, 85% to 90% of doctors adopting. So we probably have another year or so of the interval testing to get through.
Linda Tharby: So, I think those guidelines are probably way too early for us to comment on. I can tell you that what's out there publicly from the medical community would say that five years, depending on age bracket, is way too long for screening. So it's something that we continue to monitor, but today, there's no healthcare system on a global basis that has moved to a five-year interval timing. So we'll monitor it. Too early to comment, but nothing that concerns us in the short term on that.
Linda Tharby: Yes, thank you. Our core microbiology business is doing very, very well in the U.S. and ex-U.S. And it's driven by the strength of our BACTEC platform, driven by the strength of ID/AST and our new partnership with Bruker on the MALDI platform. And really tying all of this together is our new Kiestra lab automation system. So we've now just begun our footprint on that in the U.S. We have less than 2% market penetration. So we see a lot of opportunity, as we move forward, to really reinvent that microbiology lab from the specimen through the ID/AST, really starting with automating the workflow. We'll have papers now globally published that say efficiency with the Kiestra lab automation system installed are 60% to 70% improvements in their workflow efficiency. And the next thing we'll look to do is really introduce smart imaging into that platform. So I'm very excited about our U.S. microbiology business and what we're doing across the entire platform.
Christopher R. Reidy: You hit it on the head, David. As we said in and I said in my prepared remarks, we have the baseline of what BD would have been in 2015. You grow that 9% to 10%. It's high teens accretion off of that, but obviously currency neutral. And so you've seen the strengthening U.S. dollar impact that it had this year. So that's why I said we'll address that on the next call based on where rates are at that time.
Christopher R. Reidy: So far what we're seeing is that the savings are coming sooner, so I don't think it's a magnitude issue. But we were able to get some savings right out of the box in the third quarter that we originally thought would have been fourth quarter items. So you actually pick up an extra quarter of that because we'll get those same kind of savings in the fourth quarter as well. So that's a nice little benefit. In terms of the margin improvements core business, as you know, the raw materials, when we laid that out on the gross profit side, is certainly benefiting us. That is offset, as we always expected, by some pension expense and the like. And then on SSG&A, that 110 basis points improvement is fairly significant, and that's certainly driving good operating margins. So it's all of those things contributing to very nice margins.
Christopher R. Reidy: So before we move to Tom, let me just say on the recall issue, I'll remind you that we gave an estimate last quarter of the impact that would have. That is already contemplated in our guidance, and so we're in good shape from 2015. And in 2016, it's really not material, and I would just point out that this is a product line that's about $35 million in revenue, so not material going forward either. So I think we've got it contemplated both in 2015 and our expectations for 2016.
Christopher R. Reidy: I'll take that, Brian. I actually don't see anything to point to across the business. I think it's partly, again, what we point to as the diversity of the business. And so there's nothing that I would call out as exceptionally weak or exceptionally strong. I think each of these businesses have the ability to drive the mid-single-digits revenue growth and improving profitability from where they are now. So I don't think there's anything really to call out there.
Christopher R. Reidy: Clearly, we have some commitments and targets to meet. I would say right now, we're not seeing the acceleration increase in the total amount of synergies, so we're not saying that. And so we're going to meet our commitments of high teens, and that's very important to us. Clearly, there's always a balance, but we feel like we are making the right investments. We're not holding back in investments. You saw us last quarter announce that we were going to do some registrations in China right out of the box because, even though it was a little bit of a drag, we knew that it was the right thing to do. So I don't see anything we're holding back on because of that. So, that's the way I would leave it.
Christopher R. Reidy: As we laid out on that chart, Vijay, we're still at about 4.5%. And so a little bit up on CareFusion, but it's more rounding than anything else. So we've continued to show the 4.5%, and we laid that out on the chart as to where that's coming from, so pretty much in line with what we would have expected.
Christopher R. Reidy: I would just add that it feels to me pretty much the same as it did last year. We did have a little bit of a blip in the fourth quarter last year, but it was pretty flat up to that point. It feels the same here.
