Vince Forlenza: Well, good morning. Thanks, Pat. Good morning everyone. And thank you for joining us today. Before turning the call over to David to review our first quarter results in more detail. I would like to briefly comment on some of the highlights from the quarter, which are noted on slide four. But first, let me introduce two of our business leaders on the call with us today, Bill Rhodes and Philippe Jacon. Bill Rhodes is President, BD Biosciences and has responsibility for cell analysis and discovery Labware including the advanced bio processing business. Bill’s career with BD spends more than a decade. In 2003, Bill became Vice President and General Manager for Immunocytometry Systems and then he was named President of cell analysis. Under Bill’s leadership, the cell analysis business reinvent and improved its product development capabilities, bringing to market the successful (inaudible) cancer product lines, while developing a successful special order research product business. He was appointed President of the bioscience segment one-year ago. Philippe Jacon is President Diagnostics Systems, which covers infectious diseases including microbiology and genome, as well as, women’s health and cancer including TriPath in tested for sexually transmitted diseases. He began his career at BD Biosciences in France in 1988 and joined BD Diagnostics as President of Microbiology Systems in 2006. Under Philippe’s leadership, the microbiology business improved its growth rate while successfully bringing to market new products such as CHROMagar and MRSA and the BACTEC FX. He was appointed to as President well last year January. Moving on to our performance this quarter, results for the quarter exceeded the company’s expectations aided by flu-related sales in the medical and diagnostic segments. However, regarding flu-related sales for the full fiscal year, we expect sales in the diagnostic segments to be about the same as in fiscal 2009. In our medical segment, we expect sales of flu-related products for the fulfill year to be approximately 60 to 65 million, which is slightly higher than the fiscal --slightly higher than fiscal 2009, and it is consistent with our discussion in our November earnings call. We estimate our sales related to the U.S. BARDA order to be approximately 30 million for the full fiscal year. Now, let’s move to segment performance for the quarter. BD medical is off to a strong start driven by sales of Medical Surgical Systems and Pharmaceutical Systems products including flu-related products. International safety revenues continue to be strong in our medical surgical business unit. Sales of diabetes care products also contributed to revenue growth. Strong emerging market and pen needle growth, coupled with incremental revenues from a non-product related co-marketing agreement led growth in this business. In BD diagnostics, solid revenue growth was driven by sales of safety engineered devices and infectious disease testing products, including flu-related products. In BD biosciences, capital spending constraints continued to dampen demand for research and clinical instruments as we expected. We continue to expect the majority of U.S. stimulus-related sales will occur during the second half of the fiscal year. I would also like to point out that U.S. revenues in the discovery Labware business were impacted by a distributor destocking and a decline in sales of advanced bio processing products to a large customer due to timing of orders. Lastly, you may recall biosciences grew 10% in the prior a year period, making for a difficult comparison. Overall, bioscience is off to a good start and we are seeing strength -- some strengthening of demand, particularly for research and clinical reagents in U.S. We are very pleased with our first quarter results. Our earnings exceeded our expectations, resulting from strong revenue growth, gross margin improvement and continued tight expense control while we continue to fund our growth opportunities. As Ed stated in our press release, our first quarter revenue and operating performance was solid and gives us confidence to raise guidance for fiscal year 2010. Moving to slide five, our prior guidance which are revenue to increase 5% to 6% currency neutral, given our first quarter sales results, we now expect revenues to increase about 6% currency neutral for fiscal 2010. We have also raised our guidance on diluted earnings per share from continuing operations from fiscal -- for fiscal 2010, from 7% to 9% currency neutral to 8% to 10% over diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, excluding specified items of 495 for fiscal year 2009. Now, I will turn the call over to David to review our financial results.
Vince Forlenza: Thanks, David. Before we open the call to questions, I would like to comment on the progress of several of our strategic and operational initiatives. First, we are pleased with the integration of the HandyLab acquisition and the progress being made on developing the new instrument. Also, you may have seen the joint press release issued by the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and BD announcing our collaboration to improve the treatment of type 1 diabetes by developing novel insulin delivery products that enhanced the use of insulin pumps. We and the JDRF believe there are significant opportunities to improve product performance in the area of infusion disposables. We believe we can apply technologies and know-how from our infusion business to address many of these immediate opportunities. We will work with the JDRF to bring these technologies and our micro needle technology to contribute to closing the loop or creating a reliable artificial pancreas. We are not entering the pump business and we intend to work with all manufacturers of pumps. Switching to operational initiatives, Everest or SAP upgrade is moving ahead as planned. We informed you on our last call that we expect our expenses to increase incrementally on this program of this year, which will enable us to retire several legacy systems and improve our core worldwide supply chain processes. ReLoCo, our operational initiative to reduce costs of our medical surgical products about 20% to 30% is on track. We have also made good progress defining the functional transformation strategies to continue leveraging our G&A cost structure, which we call global service excellence or GSE. We believe our continued focus on productivity improvements and disciplined expense management along with our ongoing investments in growth opportunities will ensure our future success. Thank you. We will now open the call to questions.
Vince Forlenza: So as regards to stimulus, there was a very small contribution in the quarter, it was a little over $2 million and we saw some administrative delays at the agency. But the previous guidance of somewhere between $20, $25 million still holds.
Vince Forlenza: So there were two questions there. So I’m going to ask David to take on the question about the particulars over the course of this year and then we’ll come back to the kind of the longer term trends.
Vince Forlenza: And then as regards kind of the longer term, let’s call it SSG&A cost, there are two elements of this, one is just focus on G&A for a second. And we have a program, as I was mentioned in my opening remarks, around focusing on G&A and taking costs out of it. And we’re looking at our support functions within G&A on a global basis and benchmarking against best practices and setting some aggressive goals and as we do that, implement those strategies, compliment them with let me call it service centers around the world to take further costs out. So that is one element that we will go after G&A. At the same time, we look to, as we have been doing in the past, so this is not a new dynamic continue to invest and feed on the street as we grow those businesses. That has been more of an international issue for the entire company. But with that, we still think that as we look at the income statement, some years as we’ve said, we’ll get more leverage on the SSG&A side and some years we’ll invest in G&A and get more out of manufacturing depending on where we are with our programs.
Vince Forlenza: To start, in the U.S., as of you know, we saw some delay in the stimulus orders. So we saw $2.5 million in this quarter of orders and the delays were related to administrative delays at the government and in fact, they had to go back and do some of their normal purchasing. We expect that the stimulus is going to, our guidance on $20 to $25 million. We think that is still going to hold for the year and of course, that is really impacting the flow cytometry business and particularly more on the instrumentation side. As for the Labware business, I’ll let Bill Rhodes comment on what is going on there.
Vince Forlenza: Well, it is early on in the year but let me make, so I think we’re encouraged by what we’ve seen in the first quarter. I’m also encouraged by the -- if you pull out the flu sales in the medical business and what we saw in the first quarter, pull that out and you had 6%. So I am encouraged by that diagnostics was about the same and we have, I don’t see any major change there. And the bioscience business we have the stimulus in this year. We do expect that the stimulus program is going to continue into ‘11. We don’t have an estimate for that yet. And then the last factor in thinking about ‘11 will be that if you recall the sequence of events was that the U.S. market turned down in the research market before the European market. So we’ll be watching the European market and how that will impact ‘11 and hopefully we see some more turn-around there.
Vince Forlenza: Sure. We can do a good job of understanding what the flu product related sales are. So we understand the diagnostics business, that when you increase in flu kits obviously is and some sample collection device if you so see a spike there. On the medical products side, we can track those as well, if they’re going to BARDA or to a pharmaceutical partner through the pharma systems business. What we can’t pull apart is anything that’s related to H1N1 and the seasonal flu. So there we have to make some judgment. As we all know, the seasonal flu has been very light and pretty much nonexistent so far but we would have had a usual pattern of some buying in anticipation of some flu in this year as well.
Vince Forlenza: We saw some customers that were very occupied with the flu that seemed to put off some -- getting some things done.
Vince Forlenza: In fact, we’re looking at it this year, I think, I believe we said we had about $30 million worth of expenses, incremental expenses related to those items. So I think you’re very close.
Vince Forlenza: Well, from the deal pipeline perspective, we don’t comment on specifics, but there is still some reasonable valuations out there. We haven’t changed our strategy of looking for plug-in strategically obvious acquisitions. I would, think more broadly than just pure technology acquisitions like HandyLab, but including things that are both technology but also bring some sales along with them as well that are natural plug-ins for us. So we continue to actively look at those sorts of things.
Vince Forlenza: We are looking across all three segments, not, as you said, we’ve done more in diagnostics and biosciences, but still we continue to look in the medical space as well.
Vince Forlenza: Jon, we, I think, in both Japan and in China and I don’t know if I recall so much stimulus related as to these governments are committed in the cellular research area to moving ahead and being aggressive and so Bill, maybe you might want to comment a little bit more.
Vince Forlenza: Sara, you have it right. It’s not that we’re expecting higher flu sales for the year. We did see an acceleration of some of the -- the way we were forecasting things of some flu sales from quarter two into quarter one and then we saw of course that H1N1 was dying out. So we’re not raising our projections for flu-related products. So you’re right, it was the base business that was causing us to change our guidance and in particular, it was medical. And in medical, we saw a, once you pulled the flu out of those very good numbers, they also had very good base growth of 6% and med-surge is performing better. We’re getting good traction with Nexiva and so we were encouraged by that. Over the last 12 months, we have been putting more sales resources behind that. We have a full product array, so we are encouraged there. So that is going well. In diabetes care was also off to a good start. So we were pleased with that. We continue to see good pen needle growth in that business, opportunity in the international market. So those were two of the reasons that we became more bullish for the year.
Vince Forlenza: That’s right. They have not deteriorated. We haven’t yet seen an increase in demand in the European markets and we think that we have to wait further on in the year until the budget cycles play out in Europe. So it is where we expected it in Europe and Japan did all right.
Vince Forlenza: So just to make an initial comment and I’ll turn it over to Philippe, I don’t think that we’ve seen any impact from the change in the pap smear in the testing guidelines. So but Philippe, can give you a little more color and answer on the international side.
Vince Forlenza: No. We don’t see any change in the dynamic. We’re being proactive in that regard. The ReLoCo program where we we’re focused kind of on an architectural, product design, looking at our material cost, really comprehensive approach on the medical devices to deal with that competition long-term. But we haven’t seen anything change over the short run, so we’re trying to be proactive there. But not just do it from a cost standpoint but also enable future set that is going to be very attractive.
Vince Forlenza: That’s right. And again, the bulk of that was in -- the bulk of that was in medical about 55 million.
Vince Forlenza: And we have a little bit more medical sales, obviously, because we raised the forecast on the medical but we are keeping diagnostics and bioscience where they were.
Vince Forlenza: So let me take the safety products first. We think that and we take that worldwide, if the downturn did not have a real big impact on customers desire to move to safety products and some of the acceleration that we saw in the first quarter was good performance by Nexiva, which is a significant step-up in price and push button continued to do well. So from a customer standpoint, I think they see the value propositions there and they’re strong ones. So I think from kind of an attitude standpoint, it is good. On the diagnostics side, we continue to see in the clinical business real focus on reagent rentals, as you would expect. We are encouraged in the quarter that we saw sales of the BACTEC FX on reagent rental good -- some good reagent growth. So that you know that seemed to be a step in the right direction as well. On the HAI side and the genome side, where we’re seeing the difference is on the C difficile test and of course that’s a reagent rental. And that market grow, as if, it was probably the segment that was more impacted over the last 12 months and we really haven’t seen a big change there, except for this, Philippe mentioned before, this nice developing pipeline on the C diff side.
Vince Forlenza: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. We were pleased with the first quarter results. We’re encouraged for the rest of the year. I’m very happy to raise our guidance and we look forward to talking to you again. Thank you very much.
David Elkins: So, David, as far as the hedging policies, let me just clarify what we’re doing there. We still fully hedge all of our balance sheet transaction exposures. Beginning in October of 2009, we ceased buying forward contracts for our translation exposures, so for the foreseeable future we don’t anticipate entering into forward contracts for our cash flow translation exposures. As far as the currency impact for the first quarter, you can refer to -- in the back of the slide that you will see that we break out the impacts. In the first quarter, the currency had a positive impact of about $0.12 and then the hedge impact had a negative impact of about $0.04. And if you recall, we had a holding gain last year of about $0.09 and a favorable hedge impact last year about $0.08. So the net impact of currency in the quarter was about $0.09. The details of that in the P&L you’ll see on slide 19.
David Elkins: Yeah. So SG&A as a percent of revenue in the quarter was about 23.5% and we’re still, our guidance is 22.7% to 23% for the full year. We did have some items in the first quarter, as a reason why we came in at that 23.5%, so remainder of the year we feel confident coming in at that range and we didn’t really have a change.
David Elkins: Yes. I would. David, also, if you think about in the quarter, it was around $45 million of SG&A increase versus the prior year. Half of that was related to foreign currency. So our expenses as they get translated back increased about $20 million in U.S. dollar terms. So if you look at it, if you strip out the other $20 million with some of the special items that we had talked about. We are getting leverage as we drive that topline growth faster than what our investment in expenses are, we continue to get leverage in SSG&A and we anticipate continuing doing that given the outlook for our sales growth and our tight cost controls. So we will continue to get operating leverage in that respect.
David Elkins: Sure. You know, from medical we guided 5% to 6% in November and we are seeing the underlying performance in that business improve and we increased our guidance there to about 6%. In diagnostics, we have good solid performance as anticipated. We guided 6% to 7% and you know, we’re not changing that guidance, we still have that in the 6% to 7% range. Looking at bioscience, we’re off to a strong start, I think the point that Vince had raised earlier around the stimulus it was a little lighter but the underlying business came in good. So we have full confidence in that 5% currency neutral that we had guided that that’s what we will do for the remainder of the year. So we’re feeling good about all three businesses. We have real strength across all three segments and as we talked about earlier, we saw strength across all geography U.S. and internationally. So that’s where we have the confidence to raise guidance for the year.
David Elkins: And Gary, if I can just, chime in on that, there was a specific reason why international safety was a little light in Preanalytic. There was a large -- essentially one time order last year and as a comparison on our safety lance test products because one of the customers who was buying from a competitor, the competitor couldn’t supply, so they bought rather large quantity for us that wasn’t going to repeat. So that tended to dampen a little bit the international safety sales in this quarter but that’s not an ongoing factor.
David Elkins: I think, that is exactly right, Vince. The thing I would also add is that given what we saw with the biosciences and the performance there, we also saw some opportunities for investment in a couple of our businesses. So we’re investing for growth here.
David Elkins: You know, when you look at the opportunities there, we’re really not commenting what we’re doing forward but given where the share price was, we thought it was reasonable to the $191, Jon. We are still guiding to $450 for the year and we’ll continue to give updates on that as we progress through the quarter.
David Elkins: Yeah. And we started preparing for this, Sara, last year and as Vince said, it is relatively strong, we think, we -- the team in Venezuela deserves a lot of credit for getting out ahead of this.
David Elkins: Yeah. There is, you have pluses and minuses throughout but as we go down the income statement, overall, we’re going to continue to invest. We see opportunities for investment, we had a good quarter and we want to make sure that the businesses are capitalizing any of those opportunities that are out there. So that’s really what was driving it.
David Elkins: No. The R&D was a little under but we’ll pick that up in the second half of the year and no changes from an SG&A perspective either.
David Elkins: Yes. That is unchanged for the year. The biggest driver to our performance, underlying performance in our gross margins was resins. And as you recall, Kristen, that we talked about in the previous quarter. We are going to have favorable resins in the first half of this year and then they flip to being unfavorable. So if we look at our resins, year-over-year, there is -- they will be broadly in line fiscal year 2010 versus fiscal year 2009.
David Elkins: There is no change to our hedging program. We entered into our contracts last year and as I said earlier, we’re not buying forward contracts going forward, so there is no changing in the hedging program. And as you note in the back of the slide that you can see what happened in the first quarter around the hedging and the impact that that had on our gross margins.
David Elkins: We’ve looked at that, it is a great question but there is just not a market out there right now, if you hear of one, let us know. But every time we’ve asked the question nobody is out there actually hedging resins.
David Elkins: Yes. Last year, the total flu was around 76 million and this year, we’re forecasting it to be around 84, which is really no change to what we said before. The bulk of it obviously is, as Vince talked about earlier is in medical.
David Elkins: We had about, if you recall we did a debt issue last year, so our interest expense in the first quarter of last year was around $8 million, this year it was around $13 million. If you recall, we had incremental debt of about $500 million, we borrowed 750 million and about 250 went to pay off a loan. And that is about $500 million of additional interest expense. Also, if you recall earlier, when we’re looking at interest income and expense, is that, there is the offset in there related to our deferred comp that I talked about earlier.
David Elkins: Yes. You know, resins really is the major driver in the quarter, it out shadows anything else, any of the pluses and minuses we have in there from a performance perspective. As we said before, if you think about margin improvement for the full year, if I go back to that, what we had got it before, we said for the full year, we were going to be at 52.6%, going to 51.1% to 51.3%. And if you recall, about 100 basis points of that is FX. And then we also had additional pension expenses and startup expenses that were going to hit us this year, which is unfavorable about 60 basis points. And the underlying performance of the business was improvement about 20 basis points. So that gets hit to the 51.1%, 51.3%. In the first quarter, we came in at 152% versus last year at 53.6%, and as I said earlier about 190 basis points of that was related to negative because of the currency. Pension startup was around 50 basis points and performance was around 80 net and that again, the bulk of it is really driven by the resin prices. So you’ll see, gross margins for the year, we’re not changing the outlook for the full year. As those unfavorable resin prices come through in Q3 and Q4 as we forecast, we’ll see our gross margins come down a little bit and that’s why we gave the guidance as we did.
David Elkins: With mix, it’s always built into our performance and splitting that out is, we don’t really split that out individually. So there always is a little bit of mix.
