Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we stated in our press release, we were pleased with our solid performance this quarter. As you already know, there have been a number of changes in the marketplace in which we compete, but we are operating in a very dynamic health care environment. Our consistent performance demonstrates that our strategy remains sound. Moving on to our quarterly results. We achieved record revenues this quarter, and EPS growth was solid, as we expected. We saw strong core product growth, coupled with our recent acquisitions, which are overall performing in line with our expectations. Revenue growth in the third quarter was once again driven by our Medical and Biosciences segments. Diagnostics international growth was partially offset by continued challenges in the U.S. We saw continued strong international Safety and emerging market sales, and they remain key growth drivers for the company. Based on our third quarter and year-to-date results, we feel confident in our previously communicated revenue and EPS guidance ranges. We will review our guidance for the full year in more detail shortly. On Slide 5, we've outlined our third quarter revenue and EPS results, which I will speak to on a currency-neutral basis. Total company revenues were solid, increasing by 4.6%. Fully diluted adjusted EPS came in at $1.68, which grew 7.8% in the quarter. Now I'd like to turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our third quarter financial performance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Chris. Moving on to Slide 17, I would like to review the program and product launches. As we remain focused on new products and innovation, we're very pleased with the progress we've made. This year, we expect new products to account for approximately 16% of total revenue. In the Medical segment, we are continuing to make progress on our BD Simplist line of prefilled generic injectables. We currently have 4 drugs approved by the FDA, and we have applied for 4 additional drug approvals. We are continuing to focus on the commercial launch of Morphine, which was approved a few months ago. As we have been sharing with you, we continue to expect that this new initiative will take time to gain traction in the marketplace. In our Bioscience segment, we continue the launch of our BD FACSPresto. FACSPresto is a portable instrument which is used to stage and monitor HIV/AIDS patients by analyzing their CD4 and hemoglobin levels. This innovative instrument was created with resource-limited settings in mind, and it can be easily transported to meet customer needs in rural areas. We are also excited about our Sirigen dye portfolio, which has been making news in the flow cytometry community for its capabilities. We have launched 3 dyes throughout this year, and we plan to launch 3 more before the end of the year. Turning to Slide 18, you will see the various product launches in Diagnostics. On the BD MAX, our worldwide Enteric Bacteria launch is now underway, with the U.S. launch this quarter. Our Enteric Parasite assay has also launched this quarter in Europe. These unique assays combined our core microbiology and molecular competencies for a novel and rapid approach to enteric testing. Finally, we are pleased with our new GC/CT test has been approved on the BD Viper LT platform, in both the USA and Europe. This assay and platform combination will provide midsized testing facilities with the ability to use this smaller, efficient instrument with improved assay functionality. This is the second test approved on the Viper LT, joining BD's CE marked Onclarity HPV Assay with genotyping capabilities. As always, we will continue to update you on the progress as we are -- that we're making with our various pipeline opportunities. On Slide 19, before we open the call to questions, I'd like to reiterate the key messages from our presentation today. First, we are pleased with our solid performance in the third quarter and year-to-date. Second, our consistent performance demonstrates that our strategy remains sound in this dynamic health care environment. Third, we're seeking the continued success with our key growth drivers of geographic expansion, new products and acquisitions, which are overall performing in line with our expectations. Finally, we are pleased to reaffirm our guidance for fiscal year 2014. We believe we are positioned to continue our track record of delivering value to our customers and shareholders. Thank you. We will now open the call to questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So Rick, I'll take the environmental piece then Chris will get into the guidance a little bit. But we had a long discussion here about do we see anything really changing significantly globally, and the answer to that is no. We see the environment primarily as stable and not a whole heck of a lot of change. We know other people have talked about maybe some increased volume coming from the ACA. We don't think we've seen that yet. So -- and the same is true in emerging markets. We see consistency in emerging markets. Obviously, there's always some moving pieces with some of these tenders, but nothing significant in the environment. Chris, you want to add...
Vincent A. Forlenza: So to that point, first just one more comment on the guidance. Keep in mind, as we go into the fourth quarter, that we had that large performance with Biosciences, and that was really driven by Japan and the stimulus. So you have a very tough compare there. So that all also figures. In terms of Diagnostics, would you like to comment, Alberto, on what's happening in the U.S. marketplace.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And we think we're up to about 70% conversion on the intervals now. But thanks for your questions, Rick.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So I don't think it's an issue of it being a partnership model. I think that specifically, right now, this was an issue of technology that we had brought into the company a long time ago. The fact that we partnered on the development of it was really not the issue. The issue was did the technology work or not. And when we got into some human testing, we saw some issues. And so there was a technological failure. It had nothing to do with the partnerships. But we think that the partnerships we've put in place with the JDRF are very important, and we've very enthused with the partnerships that we have on the infusion area. So I certainly wouldn't draw that conclusion. Where I would agree with you is that we're working hard to expand the product portfolio, and this gave us the opportunity to reinforce some of the other programs in Diabetes Care. So I think we're optimistic about the other programs, and we'll be moving ahead.
Vincent A. Forlenza: It's going to take a few more months for us to understand where we're really at with Morphine. We see that as a [indiscernible].
Vincent A. Forlenza: So we actually feel pretty good about our Diagnostic positioning. We don't think there's a lot of crossover, for example, in terms of applying hematology, applying microbiology. We think it's a much more potent strategy to have a complete solution like we had put together in the infectious disease, microbiology area, where we now have total lab automation. What we think we have to do is execute on the programs that we have in place and continue to drive in those segments. We have a lot of pieces like the previous questioner asked. David asked about when is it going take you -- how long is it going to take to get to scale? We have to implement on the assays and the menus that we have talked about and get approval through the FDA. And we're working to get Totalys approved, for example, right now. So it's building out those complete solutions before even getting broader in Diagnostics. It's more the strategic priority.
Vincent A. Forlenza: This is Vince. We'll continue to invest in our molecular platforms as well as, obviously, as -- rapid detection methods. We have the partnership with Bruker [ph]. So we are really focused in this area. And as Alberto said, it will be a matter of internal and external kind of plug-in thing.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So we wouldn't get into the specifics of how we price the product. We would certainly price it competitively. We think we have a good cost position on this product. So we will have flexibility, and we think we can be very competitive with the HPV product. And we don't think about so much as bundling as we do about complete solutions for the customer, total automation, a complete menu and providing more value for the customers.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So in emerging markets, we had strong performance, but there was a timing issue in Latin America on a tender. And that was really the issue. Otherwise, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, China bounced back to where we expected it to be. And overall, we were pleased with the performance with that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So I'm going to move you into the flow cytometry marketing group. You really stated the value proposition very well, but I'll turn that to Linda.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So we're not a believer in scale for scale's sake. Our strategy is really focused on creating complete solutions for the customer and driving value that way. We think that, that aligns much more with the basic customer needs and how buying processes are evolving. So we really think strategically around each one of these business units and how they can build out solutions. And if you look at how we might work across business units to create more complete solutions, it's a second element of our strategy that we are developing. All of that lines up with -- more with our plug-in M&A strategy. And so that's really the core of what we're trying to do. And certainly, there are people who are playing this out differently in terms of just more and more breadth, but that's not what we're attempting.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes, the best way to look at SG&A, I think, is for the year-to-date, and I think that's a pretty good indicator of where we'll be going forward. You're right, we're seeing some positives. We'll actually see a little bit more of a positive in the fourth quarter, as I mentioned, with the easy compare. But we are seeing leverage in the SG&A line. So that's positive.
Vincent A. Forlenza: I want to thank all of you for joining us today. It was a pleasure updating you on the quarter. We look forward to getting back with you next quarter and providing you with our guidance going forward. But we're very pleased with the strong results, and thank you for your attention. Thank you very much.
Christopher R. Reidy: We are doing better in the Medical and Biosciences business. We're coming down slightly on Diagnostics. If you do the math, that kind of takes you to the high end of the 4.5% to 5% range, and we thought that the range was tight enough at this point in the year. But you're absolutely right. If you do the math, you're a little bit better on BDX in the midpoint of the range.
Christopher R. Reidy: It's actually a little bit of both. We're running -- if you look at where we are year-to-date and with the slight improvement on revenue that we were talking about, holding the SG&A line about where we expect it is giving us a little bit more leverage in the fourth quarter. R&D is a favorable compare in the fourth quarter. And I'll remind you that on SG&A, last year we had legal expenses related to RTI in the fourth quarter. So there's a little bit of an easy compare in the fourth quarter as well. The combination of all those factors gets you down to the 7% of operating margin improvement.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. Let me start with the pricing and gross profit comment. As we've been saying all year on our pricing focus, the fourth quarter is where we expect to see some negative pressures. Having said that, Q3 was slightly favorable to our expectations, and year-to-date pricing is slightly favorable. So as we now look at, we would anticipate that we'll finish the year flat to slightly negative on pricing, which is a little bit of a lift. And to your point, that drives a little bit of a lift in gross profit. But going back to gross profit, the way to probably think about is for the full year, we're anticipating, consistent with our original guidance, that the drag from FX would be about 60 basis points. Now originally, we said that we thought we could offset that operationally with a positive 60 basis points, and that was driven by the ReLoCo effort, pensions and continuous improvement. Now we expect that to be flat to up 20 basis points operationally. And the impact was the continued pressure from Diagnostic Systems. We brought that revenue guidance down. And that certainly has a mix issue, so that's dragging us down a bit. And as we talked about in our remarks, the remediation of the quality issue on -- in Pharm Systems and the related spend on improving the manufacturing processes puts pressure on it. But the bottom line is we still expect on an operational basis to be flat or slightly up 20 basis points, and the margins are in that 51.2% to 51.4% kind of range. So still very solid margins with a potential for a little bit of lift year-over-year.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes, the big thing was Latin America. The year-over-year compare in Latin America was difficult because last year's third quarter was up over 18% in Latin America, and that's the timing of tenders that hit last year that didn't repeat. So that was the big driver. And Vince said China's back up over 20%. We're seeing good, double-digit growth in EMEA. India is very solid. And we are seeing some other timing of tenders in other parts, but we expect that to bounce back to more normalized growth rates going forward.
Christopher R. Reidy: I'll start on the gross profit margins. I think if you look at the performance that we would have had excluding these 2 pressures, which are focused on in-year pressures, we would have had 60 basis points of improvement. ReLoCo has been very successful for us. It's -- we're still seeing benefits from that this year of around $30 million. And initially, it was a bit larger, but we're still seeing some benefits from that. So without giving guidance on gross profit margin for future years, which we will do on the next call, I don't think you should view this kind of pressure as having a significant impact on our ability to drive margin growth, either at the gross profit or at the operating margin going forward.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, we are investing in emerging markets. We're continuing to do that, as we have said. So we have that investment. We are making the investment this year. And we're just in the middle of our budgeting process, so how much of that extends into future years is still a question. Right now, it's a focus in-year more than anything else, but we'll give more color on that going forward. And so overall, we are making the right investments. We're investing in R&D but at the same time being very focused on reducing SG&A and improving the gross profit line, as we said, through ReLoCo. So there's a lot of levers that we're pulling while still making sure we're making the right investment that makes sense to drive future revenue growth and drive both. And we think we have evidence that we've been able to do that consistently to drive additional margin growth. Last year, it was 25%. And this year, 70% to 80%, with about half coming from pension. But again, continuous improvement in driving additional margin. So we'll talk more about that as we give guidance for next year on that as well.
Alberto Mas: Yes, I think the launches that happened this quarter in Enteric, as Vince mentioned, in Bacterial and Parasite in Europe, will give us momentum to continue growth, as expected, in the MAX platform. So I think that would -- definitely will be -- but most of the -- again, the international growth is solid. Our core growth is very solid. And what we're seeing, as we've been saying for a while now, the headwinds are more in the U.S. in Women's Health in terms of the interval testing, some account losses because some of our overall platforms are aging. But fundamentally, we're not seeing any, as Vince reiterated, any huge changes. We just have to execute on our strategy.
Alberto Mas: I think the only thing that I'll add is that the account loss that we've been talking in last quarters will be played out mostly this fiscal year, a little bit still in the future but mostly in this fiscal year. So that will make it easier from a growth perspective.
Alberto Mas: So it's -- definitely, our core credibility market is in our microbiology franchise that we've built over many, many years. We're very credible there, and we base our strategies on that. And we are definitely watching the radar screen in terms of any technologies and capabilities that we need to add to that portfolio, including all the Directed detection that you mentioned is definitely on the radar screen, and we'll be monitoring that space in -- over time and within our -- on microbiology.
Alberto Mas: Yes. In terms of the -- our SurePath business, we estimate that about 2/3 of the impact is driven by interval extension and 1/3, more or less, off from an account loss perspective. Just to put it into perspective as well, the performance of the quarter, if you normalize for the big account loss that we've been referencing, would have been 3.9%. So I want to put that into context as well. And this will normalize in the first half of next year.
Alberto Mas: Yes, we definitely have had a strong quarter, especially in our BACTEC blood culture business that also was -- began to pick up in the last quarter. But we're seeing very, very healthy growth rates in that part of the business for sure.
