VinceForlenza: So Kristen, thanks very much for the question. I have to say. We are not surprised to get the question on surprises, you have to write off if that. But let's get it on the table. We are making good progress and 2020 is what I want you to know and everyone to know. We are making good progress on the budget. We are a little early on, we are not finished yet. But with knowing that we had a Gore royalty going away, we started this process earlier. And I feel really good about the process that we are running and the progress we are making there. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Chris, he is going to give you a little more detail. We are not going to completely guide today. But we will give you a good sense of the progress we are making.
VinceForlenza: So all-in-all good progress, and maybe I will just ask Simon to comment. Simon you know, you are having some really good performance on some new products that give us this confidence on the 5% to 6%. So maybe you want to talk about some of the other products that are off setting some of these things in the DCB area.
VinceForlenza: So thanks, Simon. The bottom line of what Simon is saying is we are right on the deal models and mixing new products is a little different. We didn't expect the DCB situation. But as Simon just detailed for you there is a whole series of other new products, including in urology that is going quite well. So that is enabling us to hold that guidance range. So thanks, Kristen, for the. We appreciate it.
VinceForlenza: Yes, the business is performing great, really, really well. Thanks Alberto. And thanks for the question.
ChristopherReidy: Sure. Thank Vince and good morning Kristen. You know you are right, it's too early to give a level of precision to guidance for the next year, there will be some things that we are watching. But what I would say is that the message essentially remains the same as last quarter with the one exception being BTK. But if you think about it on the revenue side, we still expect to drive 5% to 6% growth for 2020. Despite the DCB status quo and the BTK delay, so we will still be able to drive that 5% to 6%. And then on EPS, at worse the BTK impact even if we don't have it for the full-year is about 1%. And we would intend to mitigate as much of that as possible. A little bit of pressure on FX, but we will watch that. But despite all of this, barring anything that unforeseen changes from here. We are very confident in our ability to deliver double-digit earnings growth next year. Where we are in that double-digit will depend on things that transpire between the next couple of months. So, but we feel good with that floor of double-digits. And we will see where BTK plays out where FX goes. But everything else is pretty consistent with what we have said before.
ChristopherReidy: Sure I will start. So clearly, we have been saying that the revenue is going to accelerate in the second half of the year. You saw that starting to happen in Q3, we see that accelerating even further in Q4. Again, it's the continuous strength in UCC and surgery, the MMS momentum that we have. MDS is accelerating and strong growth in biosciences and DS which is essentially across the business. So we have strong confidence in that. And then on operating margins, we do see acceleration in the operating margins in the fourth quarter. Don't forget we don't have the FX drag that goes away in the quarter. We continue to see revenue synergies - cost synergies and CI continuing to build. And again, FX abates there. So we have a lot of confidence and being able to get solidly within that 25% to 26% range that we gave guidance on. Simon.
ChristopherReidy: I would just point you back to the presentation, I made at your conference back in January, Robbie, where we talked about future cash flow considerations and the bottom line of that is we throw up a lot of cash. We happened to be using it to pay down $6 billion of debt, but at the same time, when that is done, which is, within the next year, we will have a lot of cash to allocate. And we started getting some sense of that, we will be talking more about that as we move on. But again, it gets back to what Vince said is, we are not going to let it build up in the balance sheet, we are going to be more active in tuck-in M&A on a strategic level across the whole portfolio and likely to start going back to share buybacks, once we start building up the cash balances and have gotten down to that three times leverage. And we made that correction, because we are very proud about the fact that we live up to our commitments, we committed that we would get down to three times leverage in the CareFusion deal. And we did that before moving into the Bard transaction and we are going to get down to the three times leverage this time as well.
ChristopherReidy: Yes. So it was a little hard to hear you, Vijay, but at the same time, I think I got it. You were looking for a little bit more on Q4 revenue and we are not talking about accelerating much more from the five to seven. It's a little bit and, I went through before where we are seeing strength in some of the new products that we have brought to market. Venovo to Covera, WavelinQ are very helpful, continued strength in UCC. We are seeing great momentum in MMS, as you saw from the results this quarter. MDS is accelerating as we expected it to and we see strong growth in biosciences and diagnostic systems. Don't forget, we have some revenue synergies that kick in towards the back end of this year, particularly in the fourth quarter. So that is where we are seeing it come from. And I think, I talked about the margins, gross profit. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we saw some one-time kind of timing items that go away in the fourth quarter and rebound. Not to mention FX, not being a headwind, both on gross profit and operating margin. We see CI and synergies ramping. So we are very comfortable with the direction and very similar message to what I said last quarter, you saw that moving that direction and the third quarter and we expect that to continue in the fourth quarter.
ChristopherReidy: I think just for clarity, I would add two other points, Vijay. We do expect lower interest other to be about 450 million, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. And then I would expect tax to be closer to the middle of the range. There is a lot of intricacies and tax, but you saw it was lower in this quarter at 12.8%. That will rebound upwards in the fourth quarter, putting us right towards the middle of the guidance range that we gave.
ChristopherReidy: Sure. So you already saw some of the interest reduction in the third quarter. And that was actually used to offset the additional pressure, we saw about $0.05 of pressure more than we expected to in FX. We thought it would be about $0.20, it was more like $0.25 of pressure. So you have already seen some of that and that is why I pointed you to the fact that the tax rate goes back up in the fourth quarter to get to the middle of the range for the year. It's now 13.3 year-to-date through the third quarter and we expect it to be closer to the 15% for the year. So obviously, that is an offset that you see and it was much lower. So when you put all that together and you model, I think you get back to right where we are. And there is no question that the FX has put pressure, it was real in the third quarter. But we are holding our range for the year despite that pressure.
ChristopherReidy: Yes, I mean, we feel really good about the fact that the businesses are delivering well. We talked about BDI and the performance in this quarter with would have been well over 6% less for the DCB impact. And as I said even with the DCB impact and the potential BTK impact, we feel strongly about the ability to drive 5% to 6% next year as well. So we are feeling good about that momentum. In order to get the high ends of the range, we would have had to have a blowout flu season and because we know that was a tough compare against last year's flu season and DCB was incredible.
ChristopherReidy: Yes. So you are right. As we think about 2020, we are assuming that 50% holds through 2020. So no snap back in that. Okay. On the synergies, the cost synergies were right on target. We did mention that, we will do $100 million this year. And we are well on our way to 300. I think from a revenue synergies we are on-track as well. So.
SimonCampion: Sure Vice. So I think Chris already on the statements mentioned Venovo and Covera and WavelinQ within the PI business. And I'm sure you will have seen the recent Trump - on kidney disease which will only serve to help the visibility of this ailment. And another great quarter in end stage renal disease domestically and internationally. I think also very significantly to the BDI segment, is our performance globally, as we begin to leverage the scale of BD, particularly in areas where or Bard was only condensing its investment profile. So, for example, biosurgery and infection prevention in Europe had a tremendous quarter. And that was driven by the investments that we made as part of the acquisition. And urology continues to perform terrifically well, driven by home care internationally and new products domestically. And we foresee that the great progress continuing in all three businesses within BDI.
SimonCampion: Hi, David it's Simon. So certainly we have been preparing for all eventualities with respect to the DCBs and BTK as well. While we won't provide you any details here, I think it's important to recognize that the territory managers for example wouldn't prefer intervention that business, they sell far more than DCBs. And we have seen your positive uptake in stents and other areas. So to begin to affect those, I think would be not a great move. But obviously as part of this process, we have sought to offset as much of this as possible without impacting the commercial performance of the organizations.
SimonCampion: On BTK, well, Bob its Simon. I don't think we would provide the specific information here. We did provide the six month data and interim 12-month data in the PMA that we filed. And we continue to cooperate and work with FDA as we work through this. But to provide any specifics about it, I think would confer a competitive advantage on others and I'm low to do that. So it remains a very active PMA, our teams are collaborating with FDA and we expect to have face-to-face meetings here with them in the not too distant future.
SimonCampion: So good morning Larry it's Simon. So, I think, as you obviously know the panel happened in June and I think industry really did put the best foot forward here and in a collaborative nature. I think many of the main physicians that spoke was speaking on behalf of the role of paclitaxel, not only within PAD, but also these are paclitaxel in other areas and not seeing a signal associated with that. And everyone continues to work with FDA, as they look to refine their due doctor letter. What we have seen is approximately 50% reduction, I think we communicate that on the last call, it has remained at about that point in the last quarter and barring any unforeseen upsized I think we should expect that to continue as we roll forward here. But once again, DCBs are just about 1% of the total BDX business as Chris has spoken to and I have spoken to with new products in PI with new products in surgery that are just launched and with the outstanding performance and funnel within urology. I think we are well placed to offset as much of the headwinds as we can moving forward.
SimonCampion: So with respect to DCBs. I think the FDA needs to come out with a statement to - and says that the benefits outweigh the risks in summary for the market to begin to begin to rebound. I think our customers feel like their hands are tied right now with the Dear Dr. Letter from March 15th and that is reflected in the current 50% there about a decline in business, not just with us, but with others too. So I think in one sentence, benefits need to outweigh the risks and the benchmark for recovery profile is if you reflect back on drug eluting stents in the coronary system, you can see the recovery profile that they experience over prolonged period of time.
SimonCampion: Which took a few years. But we saw the way to see what the contents of this letter holds for us. And more importantly, for the patients that we serve. These remains the same way then patients that we serve will not have the treatment options available to the scale it was before the Dear Dr. Letter.
SimonCampion: So its Simon here. I wouldn't comment specifically in what is in our NPD funnel until we are ready to actually give a commercial launch date. As you know, PI plays and in every category within the PAD space, with the exception of atherectomy. So it's obviously something we keep a close eye on internally and externally. But Company further on that I wouldn't do so. And then with respect hernia, at long last, I can stop referring to the hurricane, because Q3 so the last comp again versus the hurricane that happened actually two years ago. So we had a very strong underlying quarter in Q3. We continue to grow above the market. And your Phasix performance with our context of Bard business continue to do really well. We have just released three-year data on Phasix, which continue to do really well. We just released another version of Phasix. As Vince mentioned, Phasix ST OVHR, which incorporates a new positioning system. And that is off to a great start. And again, we just recently released a new articulating fixation system that thus far has got tremendous feedback from our customers. So hernia continues to do very well and we continue to look for other ways that we can leverage that sales in team that we have domestically and internationally. So we should expect to see that continue in that vein.
VincentForlenza: And we are still waiting to see where the FDA comes out, the course on labeling changes and it’s the letter to physicians. So we will stay tuned for how that works out. Thanks for the question.
VincentForlenza: To really nail down what that data requirement will be. And we have more data to bring to the table too. So we continue to work on it. Thanks for the question Bob.
VincentForlenza: So, as Chris said, plug-in M&A across the entire portfolio and that could include diabetes, obviously, any other business here. In the short run, we remained committed to the Patch Pump. You heard the comment that we have taken on a development partner for doing that and we will continue to work on that as the number one priority as well as investing in the core of that business where we see some nice opportunities. But thanks for the question.
VincentForlenza: So Vijay, the only thing I would add to that is the emerging markets growth is going to continue to be strong. I mentioned already that in China, we were double-digits, we expect to be double-digits for the rest of the year. We have a great business there, a great team there and a strong partnership with the Ministry of Health. That is all going extremely well. We don't expect this environment with tariffs on retail products and stuff to be impacting that business. So we expect that to do double-digits for the entire year. And feel good about that. We feel good about the rest of Asia. And of course, EMEA, you saw, it was very strong this quarter. We expect that to continue too. So there is a lot of drivers both in the business side and from the geography side.
VincentForlenza: Yes. Sure. I will handle that. And then Simon can handle the intricacies of what is going on DCBs. So on China, as I was mentioning just a minute ago, our experience through this whole situation with what is going on with trade has been that they have been keeping very separate what is happening in healthcare versus what is happening on the trade side. And I think that reflects number one, a strategic priority to continue to develop the health care system in this environment. And that is what we hear from the Ministry of Health and in fact, more recently over the past six months. We have had conversations, where they have explicitly told us that. So that is the first part of it. The second part of it is, we had our team in here and the China Healthcare System is now better funded than it was a year ago or three years ago. And so there is some positive momentum going on in China, as the rest of the economy slows down that I think is important to them. And then thirdly, we are really well positioned with the portfolio and the organizations that we have in China and it's not just the fact of our commercial organization. But it's what we do in terms of investing in China. We have four plants in China, we continue to invest behind that, we continue to invest in innovation for China as well. And I know Tom is excited about the portfolio, he is been working very closely with John DeFord and our team in Asia. So, we have built a partnership over 25-years there. And so we do think that different aspects of the environment will be difficult, and we are ready for that. But we also expect that with what we have done to fully invest in China and not just a commercial organization, we are very, very well positioned there. And that is what we hear and Tom has got another one or two things he would like to add.
VincentForlenza: Patrick, anything you want to add on BD COR, I mentioned it as one of the new product launches, maybe a little more color on that.
VincentForlenza: We have provided guidance in the past calls that because of DCB, because of the flu season as it played out, those are the biggest drivers that we would be towards the lower end of our guidance range of five to six in spite of those pressures. So the guidance for Q4 really implies the low end of that 5% to 6% range. So, as you have just mentioned, it would take a real blow out to get up to the top, but the businesses are performing strongly. But as you said, with the content that makes it really difficult.
VincentForlenza: So just to answer that a little bit. This is probably not a black and white situation. There is a lot of degrees of gray and what the FDA can say here and so we don't know exactly where that will come out. Simon mentioned before industry has given a lot of input, we expect to KLLs are also giving input on that. And we think very shortly, we will get an updated letter, the FDA, I should say will be coming forth with an updated letter in terms of exactly what Simon was talking about. So we are waiting to see where that comes out. And I would agree with Simon, industry more so the healthcare providers have made some great arguments as to why this product is important for patients. And so we will see how that plays out over the next couple of days. Thanks for the question.
ThomasPolen: Larry, this is Tom, good morning. Maybe just one small thing to add to Vince's good overview there is that those investments that we have made over the last 25-years, particularly in that localized, highly automated manufacturing, today the majority of the high volume disposable medical devices that we sell in China, we make in China locally. So we are actually importing, relatively low percentage, particularly of our high volume disposable devices, where there can be local competition, we are actually behaving as a local in that. Employing local associates, acquiring raw materials locally, et cetera, and engaging in those local communities. So much more on the some of the unique areas where there is actually not a local competition. In area such as BD,BDS, et cetera or BDI, where we would be doing importing and we are actually moving somewhat of that manufacturing into China as well.
ThomasPolen: Frederick, this is Tom good morning. Maybe just one other comments that to add there. You mentioned the comp being last year's Q4 and you are right, as Chris mentioned, we feel really good about the momentum from Q3 going into Q4 and one of the biggest comp area is last year I believe was in MMS we saw very strong growth. And I think one of the things I'm surprised you haven't got the question of a really strong number in MMS this quarter, as well, which is reflecting the continued momentum that we see in that business. And unless Alberto has any other comments to add there. But I think we are continue to be pleased at growing significantly above market in the MMS business, which we expected to continue. So.
ThomasPolen: So Matt, this is Tom, just to give a little bit more color on the revenue synergy. So we are seeing the three areas that we have shared before, we are seeing very good momentum across both the vascular access area, we brought the Bard pick and midline business in and integrated with our catheter team. I would say in the last two quarters, we are really seeing an increase in the number of competitive conversions, which was exactly our strategy. And that gives us confidence going forward and that continuing to the fuel performance, particularly in the MDS business, so you see that now in the back half of this year, going into next year. We are seeing the benefits in our surgery business. You are seeing some of that play out actually this quarter, that the investments that we made in the combined Biosurgery and chloro prep infection prevention salesforce in Europe. We are seeing Biosurgery and infection prevention now growing strong double-digits in Europe because of those synergy investments that we have made. And then, of course, the third area of just geographic expansion in markets, particularly beyond China that Bart had invested in significantly, we are seeing strong growth in BDI in those other geographies as well. And so, we feel very confident our revenue synergies being on-track for this year and continuing that momentum in 2020.
PatrickKaltenbach: Let me comment quickly on the BD MAX. And as we said in the quarters before, we saw growth north of 20% and again, this quarter it was north of 20% and it's driven by the strong access we have the Enteric Panel to NDP Panel et cetera. So we are pretty confident that this has a long runway, building out more panels on BD MAX. And, again, there is strong demand, and we have pretty high growth in the business.
PatrickKaltenbach: Yes. So we just launched BD COR in Europe. And we are really, really happy with the initial demand we are seeing and interest, we are seeing from our customers in Europe. It's still early days, because we have just one assay so far on it, but we are building out the panel. And we think, we have a very competitive platform on hand that will drive the future growth within our business here. And we will have the same as I said, we have from BD MAX report and BD COR build out a complete platform approach. So we can cover both the acute and the COR lab. So it has a very strong driver for business.
PatrickKaltenbach: Thanks Richard for the question. So on molecular, as you said, our growth is pretty strong, not only driven by BD MAX. But it's probably one of the big contributors there. If you look at our growth very competitive market growth. I would say clearly indicates that we are taking some share right now. Given the strong growth that we have, and we are again confident on our, in our assays that they are hitting the right market segments and it's also - if you look for example on Enteric, we are not using multiplex as is we are using a more target approach and that is also in terms of reimbursement model very beneficial for us. So I would say definitely points to taking market share for us.
PatrickKaltenbach: Yes, I can take that. Look at again , current revenues are still, it's early days, right. We are ramping the product. We are just ramping it in Europe with the HPV panel on it. As I said, this is for as a revenue driver in 202,1 2022. I think we will see lots of revenue contributions coming from this platform, when we also have it available worldwide. We think it's a very attractive platform, given the automation capabilities it has, especially also taking care of the pre-analytical step within the platform. So we think we will see a very nice revenue contribution and growth contribution in our diagnostic services business. And in the years 2021 and 2022. This year, it's definitely - making a huge contribution.
