Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. Before we discuss the company's performance, I would like to comment briefly on the organizational changes Monique just walked you through. Last November, we had announced the promotions of Linda and Tom to Group President, as well as several other leadership changes. Over the past year, we have continued to bolster our leadership structure to help ensure our future success and continued development of our senior leaders. This new structure is more reflective of the company's strategy and increased focus on growth as we develop more impactful solutions for our customers. The change to a 2-segment structure will also enable us to seek strategic synergies across our portfolio, with the CareFusion business being reported within our Medical segment once the transaction is completed. We are extremely pleased to have Tom and Linda in their new roles as they help lead the company through our next phase of growth. Turning to Slide 4, I would like to highlight some key achievements in fiscal year 2014. First, our strategy of investing and innovating for growth continues to deliver results as evidenced by our strong finish to the year. Revenue growth was a -- was robust at 5.2%, which includes 20 basis points of growth from acquisitions. Our core remains strong, and our product pipeline continues to drive growth across the portfolio with new products as a percentage of revenue going from 13% to about 15% over the past year. Second, we have continued to strategically invest in higher-growth emerging markets. We made an incremental investment of $40 million in fiscal year 2014. Emerging markets grew over 12% and continued to be a key driver of growth for the company. We have one of the highest percentages of sales in emerging markets in our peer group at about 25% of total revenue. And third, we have continued to refine our operating effectiveness and efficiency initiatives, which continue to drive underlying margin expansion. Our ReLoCo program has benefited us incrementally by more than $30 million this year. We remain focused on these programs and also on efficient utilization of our global shared service centers and end-to-end process improvement opportunities. Fourth, we completed our 42nd consecutive year of dividend increases and also repurchased $400 million in shares through our share repurchase program, which highlights our effective deployment of capital. Finally, we have built a strong foundation for continued growth. We continue to proactively adapt to today's dynamic health care environment by transitioning from a product-focused company to a customer-focused provider of health care solutions. Our announced acquisition of CareFusion helps us significantly accelerate that strategy. The powerful combination of the 2 companies will further enable us to deliver end-to-end solutions that increase efficiencies, reduce medication errors and improve patient safety in both hospitals and pharmacies. Moving to Slide 5, you will see the guidance for fiscal year 2015 on a currency-neutral basis. For fiscal year 2015, we expect currency-neutral revenue growth of 4.5% to 5% based on our current view of the environment. Of course, we have contemplated a number of factors that could bring us above or below that range including pricing, a stronger or weaker flu season than expected, product launches, emerging market growth, macroeconomic conditions and the impact of the Affordable Care Act. On the bottom line, we will continue to drive high-quality earnings growth. For fiscal year 2015, we expect adjusted EPS growth to be between 8% and 9%. When excluding the unfavorable impact of the suspension of our share repurchase program, EPS growth would be between 9% and 10%. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris, who will walk you through our financial performance in the fourth quarter, along with additional details about our fiscal year 2015 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So Mike, it's Vince. It was really difficult to understand what you were saying. What I picked up was that the guidance for 2015 was broadly in line on an FX-neutral basis. And so underlying, it was pretty much, I think, what you would have expected, most people would have expected, but also some people did not have the share -- cessation of the share repurchase in their estimates. So that was the first point. The second point was you were asking us, was there any update to the acquisition guidance that we're giving at all? There really isn't, but I'll ask Chris if there's anything else he'd like to say on that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So Mike, this is Vince. No, we haven't seen emerging markets slowing down, and that's across-the-board in our product categories. So it appears to us that even though there's some macroeconomic factors out there in those marketplaces, for our categories and kind of fundamentals, the governments are still investing in health care, and we saw a strong performance across-the-board, not just in China, but in all geographies. But thanks for those questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So Rick, that's 2 pieces. One is overall G&A has been coming down as a percent of sales as we move processes into shared service centers around the globe, and we believe we have much more to do in that area, number one. Number two, as we look at synergies with CareFusion, we'll be taking an all-in company look at that from an end-to-end business process standpoint. So more work to be done there and more opportunity. Now in terms of investments in emerging markets, it's more the investment in the sales and marketing side. There is some investment in G&A, but less going into G&A, more going into coverage build as we build into Tier 2 in China, and we continue to expand coverage in other geographies. In this plan, Rick, for 2015, we continue to have a significant investment in emerging markets to drive top line growth. So it's not so much G&A as it is the sales and marketing side.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I'll take that one. We're still very early on in terms of looking at the portfolio. What I've said is that we will go through the same kind of strategic review we go through all of our product lines, number one. Number two, we'd be looking to see if we can develop leading positions with those product lines. And then based on that, we'll decide exactly where we're going to invest our money. And that work will go on over the next few months and will crystallize where we're going to come out, but it would be premature to say anything past that. We have seen some very exciting opportunities in those businesses. So we'll get back to you later as we clarify both strategically and financially on the deal.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I'll take the second half of the question, and then I'll ask Linda and Alberto to comment specifically about Diagnostics and Life Sciences. So the work that we started was about a year ago to look at more solutions for the customer, and we started around individual businesses. You saw that in microbiology with the acquisition of KIESTRA, and you've seen how successful we have been with that plug-in acquisition. Linda's role on the Life Science side started with 2 of the 3 businesses, and the idea was to begin the work on what strategies can we develop more broadly around solutions, leveraging across the segment. We have not restructured the segment nor restructured those businesses. But this is more of a strategic thrust, looking at how we work across businesses and strategies that cross -- that can cross those businesses. And Linda started that work a year ago, and we will accelerate that work. Some of that work resulted in the acquisition of GenCell. So that's that piece. If we come to what's happening in Molecular, Linda, I'll ask you to make a first comment, and maybe Alberto will fill in some details.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Alberto, you might want to comment on where we stand with that one big account that we lost, which has been the majority of the share loss.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I would say probably better visibility, and we've had a couple of years of a more stable environment. So that kind of gave us the confidence to narrow the range, nothing more than that at this point in time.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So there's 2 different things going on. One is the price of oil is coming down, and of course, we would see that as a good thing. But there is not the capacity in the resin market to let all of that flow through. In fact, there was a problem at one of the plants. There was a fire at one of the suppliers. So capacity is tight. So we are not forecasting that flowing through for the time being. That could change over time. But right now, we don't have any visibility to that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So in Biosciences, you saw some really nice bounce back last year in the high-end instrumentation and some good performance with the Sirigen dyes as well. So you have that as the fundamental. And I think, Linda, we're forecasting that to continue to improve, and you have some new products that you're launching.
Vincent A. Forlenza: No, we have not built that in -- we don't have any direct visibility to any program that we could put in at this point in time. As we said, we are doing some work with partners on some diagnostic test development, but we don't think it's a big opportunity at this point.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So this is a very targeted play that Linda was talking about. We're not talking about going into sequencing. This is really leveraging, as Linda was mentioning, capability we have that comes out in Molecular Diagnostics and sample processing, PAS, also in sample collection and sample processing that we have had a joint venture, that's what Linda was mentioning. For a number of years now, that has been growing quite nicely. So it's a sample processing, laboratory prep, automation, leveraging the skills we have down at DS. So it's all of that together, but in a very targeted way.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Okay. So thank you very much for your participation today. It was a pleasure to update you on a strong performance in 2014 and some strong guidance for 2015. We will be updating you on progress with the CareFusion acquisition as that gets closer, and we look forward to doing that and talking to you soon. Thank you very much.
Christopher R. Reidy: I'd like to say a couple of things, Mike. You're absolutely right that there was a mixed bag out there, a lot of moving parts, apples and oranges in terms of looking forward on '15, not the least of which is moving to a cash EPS. So I think this chart that we -- we've put up, Slide 15, was an attempt to kind of walk through that so we're all on the same page. So we got you the cash EPS. What we wanted to show is the underlying performance is very strong and consistent with what we've done over the last few years, and what we have as a goal is the 9% to 10%. We do get an impact of the fact that we're suspending the share buybacks in anticipation of the CareFusion deal of about 1%, and then the other is the headwinds from foreign currency. And we went into some detail to kind of give you not only the sense for the year, but how much of that impact is in the first quarter. So hopefully, that gets everybody on the same page. In terms of going forward on CareFusion, we'll provide much more clarity on that as we approach the deal and the deal close. And really nothing to update from what we talked about upon the announcement of the deal of the significant low-teens kind of accretion and the performance from an ROIC standpoint, et cetera. So really just a reiteration of that. Nothing new to report. We'll certainly keep everyone up-to-date as the deal progresses.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So the CapEx situation, as we had talked about a few times last year, we're looking at spending more capital internationally, and some of that is going into our plants within China, for example. And so a lot of that hits -- it's a lumpy kind of thing, and we knew it would be and we kind of expected it to hit in the fourth quarter. So we weren't surprised by that. And so we came in about where we expected to for the year. We have ramped that up again next year and pretty much for the same reason, a little bit more in the way of international spending, which we think is prudent and certainly is resulting in good returns. In terms of operating cash flow, really it's the total income flowing down through the operating cash flow. Sometimes that gets a little lumpy, as you know, in terms of timing of payments, et cetera, and the working capital. But as we look out next year, we see most of that flowing through, and everything else kind of staying neutral. So you get the benefit of that going up in the total cash flow.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So let's start, Kristen, with '14. '14 was basically about 70 basis points of underlying margin expansion, which was in line with what our expectations were. But as we had said throughout last year, we actually had a pension tailwind last year based on where the interest rates were as of the beginning of last year. So that accounted for about half of that. And then on a -- on a kind of a reported basis, including FX, you had about 70 basis points of FX pressure. And then just to complete the dots there, you also had additional 20 of the medical device tax, which flowed into the first quarter. So essentially the way to think about that is 70 basis points underlying and offset essentially by FX, and then a little bit of pressure down of 20 basis points for Medical device. As we look at '15, we're looking at the underlying margin expansion being 40 to 50 basis points. But as you probably know, pension flips the other way and the interest rates go the other way. And about half of that 40 to 50 will be pension headwinds going forward. We get a little bit of pressure from FX and not quite as much on the margin basis, as you saw this year. So probably 20 basis points or thereabouts of pressure from FX in the operating margin going forward.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. Yes, thanks. So what we had said when we made the announcement is that there would be $250 million of synergies, as you know. Now when we were looking at the pricing and what we would be interested in paying for CareFusion, we did our own modeling. We actually did baseline that at around 70 basis points of margin improvement, which is, quite frankly, still pretty high-stepping to get to 70 basis points, and a lot has to happen. So that's the way we valued it, and the $250 million was incremental to that. If you were modeling 100 basis points a year for the next 3 years, you should think maybe $200 million on top of the 100 basis points. So there is about a $50 million overlap on some of the things that we think are more likely to be done as we -- through synergies than would have been able to be done on a standalone basis.
Christopher R. Reidy: We narrowed the range last year fairly quickly. I think right at the end of the first quarter, we narrowed it pretty closely. So not that different.
Christopher R. Reidy: And you do get a little bit of a lift in terms of shipping prices, or whatever, from vendors as oil prices go down, and that's already baked in.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yes, the answer is you can. As you know, the interest rates ticked down a bit fortuitously, and so we were able to take the opportunity to lock in some of that appropriately. And so we did take the opportunity to do that. We're in the process of rolling that out right now in terms of when we would actually do the financing. As we get greater visibility to different things like HSR, that type of thing, we'll have more confidence. But clearly, you want to do that in advance of the closing as you're gaining confidence in terms of the -- when the timing, more than anything else, of the close from an HSR standpoint. So you would see us do that in advance, particularly to take advantage of the rate environment.
Christopher R. Reidy: It's in the guidance, and so some of that does flow through. Maybe a 1/4 of that amount would flow through because of the amount, the severance payment and the like.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So the impact that you will see -- because clearly everyone knows that the euro is down comparatively with all of last year, all of '14 for the most part. In fact, we pegged this at $1.27, it's down even a tick from that. And -- but then you also see weakness in the Japanese yen year-over-year. The Brazilian real is weak. The Canadian dollar is weaker. So all of those things, as I said my prepared remarks, they were significantly down, particularly in the first quarter. And so that's why the impact in the first quarter is greater on the bottom line than the 400 basis points we said for the year. It's really impacting the first quarter. In terms of the other way to think about it, it's difficult to give any kind of direction on that because, as you know, we have the profit and inventory impact, and we've talked a lot about that. If you remember in the first quarter of last year, it was kind of hitting us. And so it's hard to give any particular guidance around how much drops to the bottom. It depends on an awful lot of different factors. So it's hard to model, is probably what I'm saying, because of the profit and the inventory piece.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, it is the HSR and Europe, the equivalent in Europe would be the other. So those would be the most variable. And then obviously, you have the SEC review. We'll be filing the S-4 shortly, very shortly, and then that kind of starts the clock on their review. And which the hope is that the 2 of them come together nicely, but it is very variable. So we'll update you more on that as things progress.
Christopher R. Reidy: Okay. So let me take a shot at that. For the fourth quarter, it came in pretty much upon our expectations. So we had been talking about the drag from pricing in the fourth quarter all year long. So that hit about where we expected. The only thing that I would say, it was probably about a 10 basis points more FX drag than we had anticipated, so that was the biggest difference from what our expectations are. And then I'm trying to think of what your other question was. Oh, the -- in terms of going forward, margin guidance, take a look at the chart that we took you through on Chart 16, because we reset on an adjusted cash EPS basis. And so the full year gross profit margin for fiscal 2014 was 51.2%, but then adjusted on a cash EPS basis kind of new foundation, that's 52%, and our guidance was about 52% as well. Now we actually get a little bit of a lift from operational improvements, the traditional things, ReLoCo and continuous improvement. But we also said that we have some unfavorable pricing in '15 and some pension headwinds as well, and the combination of those things get you at about 52%. So hopefully that gets you there.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. No, it doesn't anticipate any additional financing for CareFusion. We wouldn't know the timing, et cetera. So it's not in there.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So as you've seen over the last 3 or 4 years, we've made very good progress on the effective tax rate, bringing it down from somewhere north of 28% to this current range. You saw a good performance. We've done a lot in terms of building out legal entities internationally and putting structures in place. So you continue to see the benefit of that flowing through the rate as well. And as we think about the combination with CareFusion, I think as I mentioned when we had that call, that we just took their tax rate and our rate combined. We didn't evaluate it or we didn't include any synergies. What we did include is the tax yields from the financing, the debt that we had. So that was in the neighborhood of 50 to 100 basis points. Hard to calculate because there's a lot of moving parts, so we gave you the number. But longer term, we do see an opportunity to get some synergies and to put some of their revenues into our structure. And as we drive their revenues internationally, you'll see some benefit of that as well. But that's more blocking and tackling that needs to occur over the first couple of years and will bear fruit going forward. So continued sustainability of the ability to get the rate down. I think I've talked about the fact that when we look at our peer group, they tend to be still better than where we are. We're getting closer, but that's stuff that is basic blocking and tackling that we've been putting in place for years, and we're now seeing the fruit of that each and every year. One thing that I would mention about next year is that we do have the potential for the R&D tax credit to be reenacted. And so the way to think about that is if it does happen, the low end of our range would be more likely. And if it doesn't, we'll be above that, but it does contemplate the potential for that to occur as well. I guess my answer was too long.
Tom Polen: David, this is Tom. I think, Vince, the only thing I can add is that -- to your question, David, we actually have put BD Rx successfully to a number of the large GPO agreements, so we do have that in place. We have 4 drugs launched today. As you think about -- really one of those fits that high-risk, high-value molecule, that's morphine. And as Vince mentioned earlier, the next 2 that fit that high need in a prefilled format are launching in 2016. So we'll continue to keep you updated as those progress.
Tom Polen: Rick, this is Tom. So as you said, as we've mentioned before, the U.S. market we do view as mature from a Safety perspective, but we also view it as stable. One of the things to note is that, in addition, the U.S. Safety sales in the quarter did reflect a small regional reclassification of certain sales related to the Safety Syringe acquisition. And so with that reclass, actually growth was slightly positive for the quarter in the Medical segment. And due to this change, our U.S. Safety growth rate may be just a little bit lighter for the next couple of quarters, with a corresponding uptick in international as that reclassification annualizes.
Tom Polen: Bill, this is Tom. As you mentioned, overall a strong year for diabetes, driven, as Vince mentioned before, by new product launches, specifically the Nano Pen Needle, which continues to have very strong adoption around the world. I think in regards to your question around underlying growth, obviously in Q4, we did have a very strong quarter at 8.1%. Q4 was favorably impacted by a prior year comparison, and we do believe that, that growth rate is a little bit above the underlying growth of the business. And so we think back in perspective of the Medical segment growth in '15 guidance being in that 4.5% to 5%, we certainly see Diabetes Care on the upper side of that as one of the higher-growth businesses within the segment. And we see that sustaining going forward, which is maybe not at that rate that you're seeing in Q4 due to some onetime activity there.
Tom Polen: No, I think we'll obviously continue to update, post approval, more information on our launch timing. We're certainly, Brian, we're very excited about the -- this is a logical adjacency to our core diabetes pen and syringe business and add another growth driver to that organization. And we do see the opportunity to take that product both direct and through partnerships, and I think that's all we'd comment on at this point in time.
Linda M. Tharby: Sure. So thanks, Linda here. So first on the Molecular side, just broadly. As we've reported, we continue to see some share loss relative to our ProbeTec business; and also in our Women's Health and Cancer, also affected by the interval testing. We also, though, on a share gain, are doing very well with our core micro business, with our flu business and also increased placements on our MAX systems. Alberto, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Linda M. Tharby: Yes. So thanks, Vince. So across the board in our Life Sciences business, first of all, you saw we see increased stability in both U.S. and Europe in terms of the funding environment, and then very strong performance in our emerging markets business. So as Vince commented on, our Life Science research reagents, very strong performance, upside in clinical or instrument base and also our AB business. So across the board, seeing some nice growth. We expect, again, 4.5% to 5% heading into next year, which is pretty much what we saw this year.
Linda M. Tharby: So thanks. Very excited about the acquisition of GenCell. Really if you think about the company, GenCell and then the NGS space, we really see a big movement now occurring from the research to the clinical space. And as we looked at overall NGS and an upfront sample and library prep, the fact that this takes upwards of 2 days to occur today is just too long if we bring it to the clinic. So GenCell really provided us the opportunity to get into that library prep space and really consolidate the workflow, automation, scalable throughput. So a lot of advantages we see here. And then as you think longer term about BD's position in the space, thinking about the work we do today with QIAGEN on our sample collection side and being able to expand upon that right through to the work we do in Diagnostics. As this moves to infectious disease, we see a lot of opportunities to provide BD skills combined with the technology of GenCell over the long term.
Alberto Mas: No, I think that's where -- we're seeing most of the share loss in the ProbeTec business, as you mentioned. On some older platforms, we're seeing some much more modest share erosion in some of the MRSA. But with the new assay in MRSA XT, we think that we can actually regain the momentum backwards. And also with our enteric launches and -- we think that we can build that momentum. But we're growing the other categories in MAX. So we're actually very happy with the momentum that we're actually getting with the platform.
Alberto Mas: That's on the CT/GC side, and it's -- we expect a little bit more of -- it's mostly behind us, is the good news.
Alberto Mas: So that's going to be annualized into -- going into next year. There's still a little bit still left in the first quarter, but to a much lesser extent this year. And after that, we're basically done and annualized.
Alberto Mas: So our assumption is based on a normal flu season, that's what's incorporated into our numbers. Having said that, we are seeing some early stocking. You're right. But right now, we're not taking -- we're not assuming the assumption that this will -- that this eventually will filter through the system. And we're still assuming that, overall, it's going to be a normal flu season. If it's above that, obviously we'll communicate that at that point.
Alberto Mas: Yes. So our -- we estimate our installed base at the end of the quarter to be around 14,000 units. So that's where we are on that. And yes, we are working on our next-generation Veritor that will have connectivity associated with it. So yes, we are working on that, in addition to other assays as well.
Alberto Mas: So as mentioned the -- in Europe, we're -- it's filed, so we're waiting for the approval that we're estimating around Q3. That's when we estimate the approval in Europe.
Alberto Mas: For the U.S., we're working on a next-generation assay that will be more into '16, and we'll update when we have a little bit more visibility on the date.
