Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we stated in our press release, we're off to a really good start this fiscal year. We're pleased with our first quarter results, with strength coming from both our Medical and Life Science segments. Our first quarter results were also aided by a stronger than expected flu season. Our core business remained strong, which is consistent with the results we've recorded for the past 10 consecutive quarters. We continue to have a robust pipeline, with recent product launches continuing to gain traction. Growth in the quarter was also driven by strong sales in emerging markets and safety engineered products. Our pending acquisition of CareFusion remains on track with an expected closing date before the end of the first calendar quarter. I will provide an update on our integration planning later in the call. Overall, things are progressing quite nicely. Our solid revenue growth in operating performance this quarter in combination with our performance in fiscal year 2014 gives us the confidence to raise our fiscal year 2015 currency-neutral revenue and earnings guidance. Moving on to slide 5, I will review our first quarter revenue and EPS results, which I will speak to on a currency-neutral basis. Total company revenue growth was strong at 5.3%. Fully diluted EPS came in at a $1.20, which included a number of charges which Monique just mentioned. Adjusted EPS was $1.53, which represents growth of 15.4% over the prior year. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris, who will walk you through our first quarter financial performance, and updated guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. There was a little bit more than a 3% reduction Linda, if I remember correctly in Japan. And so we're watching that and we know that’s going to give us a little bit softness in the back half of year in biosciences, but overall, positive.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So on Kiestra, we haven’t said how many systems have been installed, but we're continuing to make good progress. We've got a very nice pipeline on Kiestra and we're expecting very strong growth there, this year and continued demand. But Alberto, do you want to talk a little bit about rapid detection methodologies.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. First, revenues I think Tom said, starting about fiscal year, three years out basically, is what we said and that’s really driven by product registrations, as much as anything else.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, I would say that we move from a phase of being primarily tuck-in acquisition, building our acquisition capabilities, but at the same time being strategy driven and when that strategy calls for a larger acquisition that made sense both strategically and financially we did it. And that is still the way we think about things. It has to have attractive returns and it has to have a clear and compelling strategy, that hasn’t changed it all. And so, as we do this, we'll continue to build our capabilities. We have gone through a large integration process. We'll step – we always – we'll continue to step back and look at the corporate strategy and look at what is the next logical move. And that could be a series of tuck-in, so something, somewhat larger. But right now, we are focused on CareFusion getting that integrated and getting both the cost and the revenue synergies as we look forward.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, starting with your last part of your question, I think our investments are really on track with what we expected for CareFusion and other things that we're pursuing within the company, whether it’s GenCell, on the Life Science side, or in Intelliport or whatever. And so that really remains on track. Now, in terms of the – absolutely, we feel good about the first quarter and how it went. We didn’t change the bioscience guidance, because of the issue that Linda was putting on the table, which was what's happening in Japan with research spending being, I think it was 3.5%, somewhere around there approximately. And so we're going to have a tough compare in the back half of the year in biosciences. Good performance, improving performance, but from a market standpoint internationally that’s going to impact us. So that’s why we didn’t change it there. Diagnostics we did and I would say on medical and Tom can comment this, we are pretty much where we expected to be. It was strong and there was some puts and takes within that. And so we are encouraged about the remainder of the year, but we though 5 was about right, do you have any comments you'd want to make on medical.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So one last I like to, we saw a good performance across all of emerging markets. We're watching what happens in Brazil and whether that situation changes. And the reason I put it on the table is because we've seen good performance, but we're reading about some of our peer companies which are not doing as well. So we're watching it, and I think we've got a good organization. We're on top of it, but that was another part of our thinking.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So with 70% it’s difficult to say does that finish off at 85% to where that goes. There probably would be some people who never make the change. So we're thinking it’s at least another year before we see the market flatten out.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So in Europe, it was 0.9% growth, but it was all driven by unfavorable timing in the pharma systems business. The usual lumpiness we see within that business, anything else you want to comment on…
Vincent A. Forlenza: On the last one in terms of resins, about $260 million and so again, as you think about that oil prices declined about 40%. We see resin prices about a third of that rate and only about a half of it gets impacted because of the capital rolling [ph] inventory. The first part of the question was…
Vincent A. Forlenza: On tax credit. So, as we had said on the last call, that if the R&D tax credit was enacted we would be at the low end of our guidance range for the year, which is the way to think about that, towards the low end. Because if you really look at what they did, they didn’t do it the way they had done in the past, and extended out for this full year. We only re-enacted it through offers fiscal quarter, December 31st of last year, so you got to catch up, but you didn’t get the benefit of the next three quarters. But even with that it had a good impact in bringing us towards the low end of our tax rate range, which to remind you was 21.5 and 22.5. So things towards the low end of that tax rate, primarily driven by the R&D tax credit enactment.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, Alberto, why don’t you comment on what you're seeing competitively, how you see importance of the smart features, the connectivity and what not and then I think we'll take a look at what the flu sales were.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So, when we value the deal, we did not value it at a 5% growth rate, we are looking more at it underlying growth rate, that was about 3.5%. and what we said is the challenge over the long-term based on the work that Tom was describing was that BD is about a 5% grower as we're seeing on the call today, and the work would be try to accelerate their growth rate up to forward into the 5%. But we didn’t start out with saying it’s a 5% grower, that is the work that we're doing and that would be a goal that we would have and we're working to try to put those plans in place, we'll be dependent on the three buckets that Tom talked about over time the geographic expansion and we're very also excited about long run how we leverage smart works and what other applications could be put on that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, thank you very much for your participation today. We look forward to updating you as we move closer to the CareFusion acquisition. We are very excited about the start of the year and the strong start in core business and thank you very much for joining us.
Christopher R. Reidy: That sums it up in terms of the top of the range, flu certainly helps and we see that sticking. We don’t know what's going to happen in the next quarter regarding flu, but so far it’s been strong and again that’s been a combination of a strong flu season, as well as our taking share. So, that’s really what's driving the top line. The bottom line, is a number of things, certainly the contribution of the stronger revenue growth, including the lift from fluctuations, then as we look out at our cost structure, we do see the decline in oil prices. That’s going to have more effect in the back half of the year. It’s not directly related to the price of oil. The resin prices are going down about – at a one third rate of the oil price decline and some of that has to do with the dynamics of the market and others – in other industries still having a high demand. But we do see some impact to that. But you get about a half of year that because it runs through inventory. So, I think on the EPS, contribution from flu or contribution from oil prices, as well as the fact that we've got some upside on the tax side as well, coming a little bit to the low end of the range, primarily driven by the R&D tax credit that was re-enacted.
Christopher R. Reidy: And then on China Mike, we continue to see strong performance pretty much across the board in China. And so the Medical segment continues to do very well. We're continuing to kind of expand our footprint there and as that’s happening we see the government continuing to spend on healthcare. We have not seen any slowdown. We track a number of measures. So, we haven’t really seen any significant issues in China. Tom, would you want to comment at all on the Medical side, Linda on the Diagnostics and Life Sciences.
Christopher R. Reidy: So let me jump in on that, at the next earnings call what we will do is tell you what the new color looks like on a combined basis for the remainder of 2015. So we'll address that then. We have obviously talked about the accretion in the high teens for fiscal year 2016, and again, a lot of that driven by cost synergies. I think Tom addressed it on an earlier question, the timing of revenue synergies which were not baked into that sort of more of a longer term synergy.
Christopher R. Reidy: So if you translate that to the year, its worth about 20 basis points or so based on where we are today.
Tom Polen: I think you said we had a very strong north of 20% growth in the Medical segment in China this quarter, and we continue to see strong performance across all three businesses in the segment.
Tom Polen: Yes. Hi, David. Good morning. So, as we've shared in the past, we look at revenue opportunities really evolving more in the 17 plus timeline. And we see that in, in kind of three different buckets. The first is, there is a series of products in the CareFusion portfolio that do not require registration in emerging markets and ex-US and those would be primarily around the Roland Pyxis portfolio for pharmaceutical dispensing and automation. Then you've got – so that’s the near term horizon. And in the mid term horizon, then you've got products which do require registration, but fit into very strong existing BD channels. And so those were the portfolio components such as IV valves, sets, chloraprep can fit into that category where we got the existing infrastructure and it’s really sold as integrated solution with our current portfolio. And then I put the other third kind of horizon there as more complex capital that – such as pumps in certain markets where they are not already registered. And those require both registration, as well as building some basic infrastructure around service et cetera of that type of capital. And with that said, they do have of course, through the CMD [ph] equity stake that they took, position in a company that does have pumps registered in a series of emerging markets and we see that as a near term opportunity. But we're actively working with the CareFusion team on just further defining and putting timelines around each of those sub-components, and we'll be sharing certainly more of that after close.
Tom Polen: Hi, Doug. This is Tom. I think obviously in the quarter we were at 4.2% growth versus our guidance for the full year of 4.5 to 5. So, obviously weren’t looking to raise from there. But we are confident that we were expecting a slightly lighter first quarter, its well within our expectations. We knew after a very strong performance in Q4 in pharma systems we are expecting some lighter ordering patterns in Q1 and a big higher year comparison in diabetes care. And so, our Q1 performance is right in line with our expectation and it does reinforce our confidence and our full year guidance so for the medical segment.
Tom Polen: Sure. So we were basically flat in the US when you take that reclassification and Glenn, you'll see that continue to annualize that effect in the US for the next couple of quarters. It will be – that re-class will be out like Q4, but you will see that have a slight drag on the US safety reported numbers for the next two quarters as well. Internationally, we were really pleased with 16.1% international safety growth, really driven by very strong performance in emerging markets. We continue to grow into the double-digits, really led by Asia and Latin America. And we're seeing good progress and continued interest in partnering in the number of emerging countries who continue to improve the safety of their healthcare worker. So, continued strong trajectory in emerging market performance there.
Tom Polen: Life Science strong and med surg, but really what we saw in pharma systems which we expected was this ordering pattern and that really hit you in Western Europe.
Tom Polen: Maybe the only thing to add is, as Vince mentioned I think we see them in at 3, 3.5% underlying growth rate. We certainly recognize that’s primarily based on being a US company, which is very comparable or even slightly better than our US base growth rate. That’s of course we're 60% international, they will be less than 25%, we're 25% emerging market, they are less than 10% emerging market. And so, right that, that 3.5% underlying primarily US business we see an opportunity to really accelerate that based on international growth opportunities and continue to expand that as a percentage of the total sales.
Linda M. Tharby: On the Life Sciences segment, again, over 22% growth this quarter and we continue to see as expansion occurs in healthcare amongst different tiers, strong opportunity continuing for us in the China market.
Linda M. Tharby: Good morning, Kyle. So declines from our increased interval recommendations, we look at continuing for another 12 to 18 months as more physicians adhere the recommendation. So we estimate at this point about 70% are using the increased interval timelines. And I think of note this is obviously affecting us in the US and we continue to see very strong growth ex-US, on our share path platform.
Linda M. Tharby: I think Vince summed it up very nicely, maybe the only the thing that I would add on the comment around priority of spending, obviously we're looking at how much goes into areas like core immunology versus translational research and of course with our acquisition of GenCell we're very excited about the news happening in the US on personalized medicine. Maybe the only thing we're watching on a global basis is the spending in Japan, where we're seeing some reductions overall and push-outs in spending in that environment.
Linda M. Tharby: Maybe just one other comment Doug, on the Life Sciences side, for Biosciences in particular, which is our competitor in Western Europe and particular we had a pretty strong first quarter, sorry light first quarter last year. So we're working off a weak competitor ourselves.
Linda M. Tharby: So, thanks, Rich. So as we commented earlier, we see about 70% of the market now having transition to interval testing. So continued impact of that and we also are seeing specific to the US market, some competitive loss occurring on that side and again, ex-US very strong performance on the platform.
Alberto Mas: So we are – good morning. We are definitely watching the space very actively and I would like to highlight as well the partnership that we have from a multi-talk perspective with Bruegger, we're partnering with them, not only on current technology, but potentially making an evolution next step, bringing our expertise in microbiology to their expertise from an instrumentation perspective and making an impact to the market that way.
Alberto Mas: Yes. We are seeing the new product potentially over time impacted more on the hospital segment than in the point-of-care and retail segments where we are particularly strong in. So that will be a little bit of a transition over time in certain segments of the market.
Alberto Mas: Yes. In terms of the competitive environment, about a third of our growth versus prior year is driven by share gains, and most it’s the [indiscernible] that we're seeing the gains. In terms of our next generation Veritor system, it will have connectivity associated with it, which will be a very positive obviously from a physician emphasis, but also integrated delivering networks, so they can actually get a better sense of the quality and the compliance of the flu. In addition to that, we'll have other features like bar coding and other capabilities, so we can develop future assays on the platform.
