Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Great question. So first of all, 23, I mean, look, we delivered exactly against our commitments from the beginning of the year. As a matter of fact, we increased our organic growth by over 100 basis points from our original guide. We increased our earnings $0.14 on an FXN basis, taking out the currency noise, which actually was favorable as that we advanced through the year. Margin, we fully delivered. Remember, there's a small accounting adjustment from employee benefits that actually gets adjusted in another line item. We're actually over our commitment when you think of that. So we're really pleased with what we did on FY '23. I think the last I looked, there's maybe less than a handful of companies, 2 or 3 that are able to drive margin improvement from the start of this outsized inflation. So over the last 3 years, we've absorbed $1 billion of outsized inflation while improving our margin by almost 400 basis points. So really proud of the organization and strong commitment to executing against that. It's a great question on '24. I actually view '24 in some ways, dress. So here's the criteria as you think of '24. So one, we have another 100 basis points of outsized inflation. Most of that is in labor. There's some other input costs, some packaging fuel. We have 50 basis points that we've actually made the choice around this absorption from lowering our inventories to drive outside cash. So that's an intentional choice that's in our plan because we do have such a strong cost improvement program in place to offset those and still achieve our long-term margin goals. And then we have 75 basis points of FX. We're going to more than absorb that with 225 basis points of cost to win price mix in GP. So gross margin for the year will be about flat. And then we have about 50 basis points coming from SG&A leverage and some of the benefits from our operating model simplification plan. So that's kind of the full year dynamic. In the quarter, to your point, we talked about a 350 basis point headwind in the quarter. But you have 2 large onetime items. Almost all of the FX is indexed towards Q1 and almost 100% of that inventory choice is also happening in Q1. Those are about 200 basis points, respectively. The 100 basis points of outsized inflation is over-indexed in Q1 at about 175 basis points. What that implies is we're actually driving underlying about 225 to 250 basis points of cost improvement that are offsetting those items. The other thing to think of is if you look at last year as an analog and for 8 quarters now, we've been very predictive in what our margin would do quarter-over-quarter, and we fully executed against the commitments we've made externally. So one, there's credibility and that gives us confidence. But if you look at last year, we needed a little over 200 basis points on average in the back half. And as everyone knows, it was weighted towards Q4. This year, you'll see a little bit more balanced in the second half, but we do need another year of a little over 200 basis points of margin improvement in the second half. By Q2, we get back to flat. The good news is last year, we were absorbing 200 basis points of outsized inflation. This year, it's only 100 basis points of outsized inflation and a lot of that is happening in the front end, right? So the back end gets easier, and it's half of the challenge that we had last year when you think of outsized inflation. So it's the same amount of margin improvement we need in the back half with half of the outsized inflation in the back half. And given the fact that we're already delivering about 225 to 250 basis points of cost to win, pricing mix benefits in Q1. If that continues throughout the year, which we have strong plans that execute against that, we feel really confident with our margin goals for the year.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Yes, Vijay, thanks for the question. Yes. On sales, we indicated that our organic growth in Q1 was under-indexed by 200 basis points. There's really 2 factors, maybe 3. The key factors are, one, the respiratory testing dynamics, both in our base and the COVID only, which we're going to now just report as our base business, right? It was still more indexed in Q1 of last year. So as that normalizes year-over-year. The other one is some of the China slowdown that I noted, which is mostly in our medical business, we're still seeing strong performance, in particular, in BDI, which has been a source of strength for us. The good news is we've baked that into our planning by the time that we ramp up to the back of the year that normalizes throughout the year. So those are the 2 small items. The third one I would point to, of course, that we've articulated is the Alaris. As that comes back, we talked about that being a ramp throughout the year. So those are probably the key 3 considerations. To your point, I think especially on the back of absorbing 75 basis points of a China headwind in our growth rate, 5.75 really implies organic growth of 6% north. So it's just -- it's another year of really strong performance. I think it's -- when you think of BD, we're not dependent on one area of growth. I think that offers a source of confidence in complex times like this. And I think the growth is broad-based, right? We talked about the 6 key areas within our portfolio that offer opportunity to deliver that outsized growth of either high single digits to double digits. So we continue to focus on that, transforming our portfolio through organic investments in R&D and the tuck-in work we've done. If you noticed '23, the impact from our tuck-in acquisitions are now contributing 40 basis points to growth after having anniversaried them for 1 year.
Chris DelOrefice: I mean there's - we can follow up. But there are timing on. If you remember last year, I mean, there are some timing dynamics you're going to see. R&D, you're going to see is much more normalized this year. That's one area I would point to. So I think you should expect to see OpEx actually down a little bit in the first half of the year, partially because of that when you're looking at pure SSG&A spend and R&D spend, and then that will renormalize in the back half of the year. We were very front-end loaded with R&D this year in '23. And then we moderated it back in the second half due to timing of programs, milestones and things like that. This year is more normalized, and we're going to spend about the same in R&D year-over-year from a dollar base. That's probably the one key thing I would point to.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Larry. I appreciate the question. Let me take the last 2 first, I guess. First of all, BD, we started our fiscal year before everyone else. So Pillar 2 is not contemplated more applicable to us in fiscal year '24. We continue to assess those dynamics. We expect a lot more information as this year progresses. We'll share more on that at a future date. Obviously, our tax rate, we are planning for a step up in tax that we've absorbed in our guidance. But I think more to come on Pillar 2, we'll see how this plays out for us. So we have time on that one. The FX. So again, you have a combination of - when every currency moves, so quickly in such a short period of time by a high degree. And I'd mentioned these examples of where you have pure sourcing locations, Think of them as basically a cost center. Mexico is a good example where actually the peso strengthened against the dollar, you end up with cost dynamics that are also going to rollway. So literally, every currency went the wrong way and you also have timing of how that FX flows through inventory and started last year. So it does create this disconnect that we have. It does normalize over time within our portfolio. And certainly, by the time we get out of Q1, you'll see a more normal drop-through on FX. I'll turn it over to Tom on China, just one high-level comment because remember last year, we did have a comp from the recovery. So if you look at the 2-year growth it's more normalized closer to that double-digit range. With that said, we have contemplated some of the headwinds we're seeing in terms of the market dynamics playing out there. But I think the Q4 result was also impacted by the comparison to last year.
Chris DelOrefice: Yes, Matt, and Tom can expand on this, too, maybe on how we're thinking of tuck-in M&A. But to your point, throughout this time frame, in addition to navigating significant complexity, absorbing outsized inflation, we've actually been leaning in and making bold choices that are paying off on growth and creating kind of a virtual cycle of strong growth. Margin improvement. So inventory is an example, it's an intentional added sort of pressure that we're putting on ourselves in terms of absorption because we know it actually creates net positive from a cash flow standpoint and yet we're absorbing that because we know we have a strong portfolio of cost to win programs like recode, et cetera. So we're doing that from a position of strength and actually you should view that as a sign of confidence, especially in a high interest rate environment, right? Cash is worth a lot more. We're also setting ourselves up from a tuck-in M&A, right? We've talked about the ability to execute against larger tuck-in size deals. Our net leverage is down to 2.6 times. We built strong cash throughout this year. So we feel really well positioned from that standpoint, and we'll continue to be disciplined, but strike on opportunities as they become available.
Tom Polen: Ravi, this is Tom. Just to add to Chris's excellent summary there, just to call out, we feel great about the performance in FY '23 as well as our outlook for '24. And just to give a little bit more detail on that inventory number. So in Q3, you saw meaningful improvements in our cash flow, including a $200 million reduction in inventory. In Q4, if you haven't seen yet, it's a $300 million reduction in our inventory in Q4 that we just achieved. Obviously, that - the inventory reduces within that quarter, the variance is then from producing less inventory from manufacturing, caps and rolls into the first half of next year. And so just to put it in perspective the scale that we've been taking inventory down at. And obviously, that has a meaningful benefit to cash flow and why we see such strong cash flow, growing nice double digits next year all in, which is really enables our continued strategy on our tuck-in M&A strategy, investing behind growth, right, continuing to drive the flywheel. Thanks again for the question.
Tom Polen: And Vijay, just to add on. Obviously, with Aleris, we've always said, of course, typically from when we start booking installations, then we get contracts into 3 to 6 months from then that we actually start doing the installations, et cetera. And obviously, we started just a little over 90 days ago, engaging with customers. And so we're really pleased. We're making solid progress with Alaris, very constructive discussions. We started shipping. We've gotten our first contracts in place, but those will just take time to move through and therefore, we see the bigger ramp in the back half of the year. That's natural for that selling cycle. The other thing is, as Chris mentioned, we've made some assumptions for Q1 on respiratory testing and COVID levels being notably lower than last year. Obviously, that's to be determined. That could be an opportunity there depending on how the respiratory season plays out.
Tom Polen: Yes. So again, I mean, Q1 has - there's really 2 onetime dynamics in there. You have FX that's 200 basis points and you have the inventory take down, right? So the onetime impact of taking on increased absorption in your cost base, it's 400 basis points, all happening in Q1 that basically goes away. The FX becomes much smaller and more normalized throughout the year. The inventory is predominantly done in Q1. That goes away. You also have the outsized inflation that on average through the year is 100 basis points, but Q1 is more elevated because you have a carryover effect from last year. It's about 175 basis points. The good news again is we have really strong underlying cost improvements. I mean, at this point, Recode, which is supposed to deliver about $300 million savings as we enter into FY '20, 25. We're achieving about two thirds to 70% of that savings in this year. So we've made significant progress. We've actually fully completed the SKU rationalization program in terms of simplifying our SKU portfolio. We're not stopping there. We're going to actually increase that goal. There's more opportunity to go. So you have kind of 2 discrete onetime items in Q1, but the underlying and cost improvement are driving. We just need to maintain that throughout the year, and we'll be fine. Similar to what I shared before on Robbie's question was, last year, we had to deliver 200 basis points of margin improvement, a little bit north of that in the back half. We have to do the same thing this year. But last year, there was 200 basis points of outsized inflation. This year, there's half of outsized inflation. So we actually feel really strong. That's what's afforded us the opportunity to actually look at our inventory harder and maybe take some more aggressive goals, driving that down and driving improved cash. Again, FY '24 year that's going to have double-digit free cash flow growth year-over-year.
Tom Polen: And specifically on China, I'd really focus on 2 key areas. One is VOBP and then the topic related to farm systems, which Chris mentioned, which obviously we overcame at a global level, but you see it acute the topic within China, and we ended up reallocating the supply to other customers that were outside of China. So on the farm systems, one is, as Chris mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're just seeing specifically within China, basically a slowdown in exports of pharmaceutical products, specifically anticoagulants from China and so lower demand as those companies are seeing significant drops in their exports. So that's really one again, that ended up showing up in our - it will show up in our China numbers as a decline, but that same volume that would have gone to them gets reallocated to other customers globally who are - still have that business in their prefilled syringes for anticoagulants. And so we make - we didn't see it at a pharmaceutical systems level. So that's one and was notable within the quarter. I think the other one is really more VP - and again, primarily focused within the MDS business. We continue to see strong high single-digit, double-digit growth -- strong double-digit growth in Interventional and high in life sciences. So really, they continue at our historically expected growth rates, not only in '23, but through as we look ahead towards '24, that's our outlook there as well. It's really acute within specifically the MDS business and then the continuation, annualization of what we're seeing in China anticoagulants and exports So when it comes to anticorruption campaign, that's obviously a macro topic. We feel very strong about our compliance system, et cetera, nothing we're worried about. I think we saw some stabilization in the market on that versus maybe when it first came out in customers' reactions, but I wouldn't overly attribute it to that topic as much as the other 2 that I mentioned.
Tom Polen: Yes. It's - I'll start and then turn it over to Mike, just maybe start with the margin ramp. It's not a part of the margin ramp. It's not accretive to BDX margin. I think we've shared that in the past the capital itself is not. Obviously, the consumables associated with that tend to be, but not the capital itself. As we think about the $200 million, and then I'll turn it to Mike to just share some broader context. Again, at this point, we're a little over 90 days in. We're making solid progress we're at or ahead of our expectations there. But again, as we said, it's typically 3, 6 months - it's a 3-plus month process once you get a purchase order to get the installs, but then it's even - it's more like a 6-month plus sales process, which we started 90 days ago, right? And so some we are getting in earlier. We're getting contracts signed. We've already started shipments. But what we'll do is we'll continue to share our progress on that. We're not changing the 200 number now. And I think that was also -- just keep in mind that was something that we shared to give some color as related to clearance, but for competitive reasons, I wouldn't expect that we'll share a specific revenue number for Aleris going forward, just like we don't for any other product line. But we will make sure that we share color on our progress in terms of where we are relative to that absolute number. So maybe, Mike, other things to add.
Tom Polen: Hey, Matt [indiscernible] there are slightly different than other folks in the space decisions that you make or make in terms of managing FX. And as I said, one follow-up.
Tom Polen: And Matt, I think, as Chris said, we just set the inventory piece aside, create awareness in that, but it's really irrelevant at the end of the day in terms of we're delivering right our 6% top line organic growth, and we're delivering double-digit EPS growth organic, and then it's really FX is what gets flowed through, right? We're not going to cut R&D or cut other investments that we're making to drive our strong growth profile, which is a 7% CAGR over the last couple of years. We're not going to cut that to do FX when - particularly when we look at the cash flow, which is what we use to invest behind that growth has 0 impact from FX really that we see. We're continuing to drive actually outsized free cash flow. Think about in FY '23, we grew free cash flow by $600 million in the year, right? That's strong free cash flow growth, and we expect continued strong growth as we look at '24 and beyond. So I think in terms of we are extremely excited by our portfolio and what we have today. And I think you're seeing outsized performance across our different segments. I mean, if you look at BD Interventional, the strong growth in surgery with our bioabsorbable materials really taking off, and you can see there's been several quarters of strong growth there. PI doing well and obviously, PureWick now with the mail product. You heard us in our prepared remarks actually say that's going to be a bigger product than we thought it was going to be. When we originally put out our guide and declared which products were going to be over $50 million, we just increased PureWick mail to be one of those products that's going to be over $50 million, quite clearly. It's on one of the fastest ramps of any product we've ever seen at the company is doing extremely well, and we're adding capacity as fast as we can, really strong adoption by nurses in particular. In our Life Science business, great growth in Biosciences, I think you're seeing us be a standout within maybe peers in that area. The strength of our fax Discover platform, combined with our dies has done really well. You saw that continue through Q4, and we expect continued strong growth. We see strong demand for that platform and our combination with the unique dies to allow really another level of multiplex testing as well as whole new insights into the cells that you can now visually see in addition to fluorescence. Obviously, when it comes to bid Medical that bold investment that we made in capacity right in the middle of COVID, we're seeing pay off with another just very strong performance in farm systems, and we see just the durable trends there, whether or not it's the GLP-1s, other biologics that we're very well positioned from not only a portfolio offering and technology perspective, but from a capacity perspective, because of those bold investments, we're well positioned to continue to capitalize on those. And of course, in MMS, what we've built now with a $700 million pharmacy robotics business. Really, if you look across med tech, it's hard to name many automation or robotics businesses larger than our franchise that we've now built there in the pharmacy. And that's growing strong double digits. We expect that could continue through '24. And obviously, the return of Alaris has been our number one goal here for a couple of years, and we couldn't be more pleased to achieve that goal at the end of '23, and that gives us another talent and confidence in our long-term plan and our confidence in this year. So a lot of really good things happening. As we think about M&A, you did ask that question. As Chris also mentioned, we ended '23 at strong leverage, 2.6 times leverage, strong - strong cash flow, increasingly strong cash flow as we go into '24. And so we have a strong, robust M&A pipeline. We're still focused on larger-sized tuck-in M&A, which is still our priority, as we've shared, and we're not changing from that. We're going to continue to be very disciplined on the targets that we go after as we have been to make sure that they drive accretive growth and profitability for the company, and we see a number of opportunities to do that. And so - and I think you - we're really pleased with how we've executed on the M&A that we've done. We're really pleased with the track record that we've built there. You can see, as Chris shared, 40 basis points of underlying organic growth driven through the acquisitions that we've done over the last couple of years. And that's a lever we're going to continue to pull in a very systematic way. And I think you're seeing all the other actions that we're taking, including optimizing cash flow fit into that growth algorithm. So thank you for the question.
Tom Polen: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for your time today. I'd like to take a moment and again, thank our global team of BD Associates who are advancing our strategy and who are making meaningful impacts for our customers and the patients we mutually serve. Our BD 2025 strategy is demonstrating strong momentum. We're exceeding our commitments and have outlined a strong outlook for fiscal 2024. We look forward to connecting with everyone again on our next call, and thank you very much, and have a great rest of the day.
