Christopher DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks for the question, Travis. Yes. So first of all, we were pleased with the quarter. To your point on revenue, one, we did see strong acceleration quarter-over-quarter as expected on revenue. We tried to outline the ramp. Clearly, the back half guidance at our midpoint implies about 7.5% growth. But when you unpack that with the momentum that we have in Alaris, we now expect nearly 250 basis points contribution to our second half growth. That would put us at least $300 million for the full year. So if you strip that out, the rest of the BD portfolio has to perform at just over 5%. We feel confident in that. We have strong areas of momentum. I think one thing that you saw in our core performance this quarter was -- our core consumables that are anchored against the core of health care, performing really well as you see strong utilization in the health care system. We continue to see great momentum in areas like PureWick, driving strong outsized double-digit growth in that platform, momentum in PVD. And so there's a lot of pockets of strength that we'll continue to build on there. From a margin standpoint, so first, the drivers of the margin that we articulated at the start of the year have played out as expected. To your point, we had really strong execution in the quarter. This is driven by our cost improvement initiatives, the momentum on BD Excellence. So we over-delivered 2 quarters in a row, and we're well on track to deliver the full year, which is at least 50 basis points increase year-over-year. We're just over 24%. As you think of the performance in the quarter, it really wasn't one thing. I would just say strong execution throughout and we remain focused on executing in the back half of the year. I think the important thing is in the back half of the year, there were questions about the ramp. Q2 is a strong signal that we're well on track. As a matter of fact, one simple way to think of this is our first half gross margin was about 52%. And we know we had those kind of transient onetime items, the outsized FX and then the decision we made last year to reduce inventory levels, which improved strong cash flow. Those are worth over 200 basis points. Those are completely behind us as we move to the second half. You add that to the 52% and you're basically where we need to be in the back half already. So we just have to continue the strong cost improvement. In addition to that, we lapped the outsized inflation. In the front half of the year, that was almost 150 basis points. We cycled through that and that moderates down very low. So lot of momentum in terms of how we're advancing margin. And then lastly, what I would point to is, obviously, with that Alaris momentum and ramp through Q3 and Q4, you get a bit of what I would call outsized leverage on the revenue that's also worth about 150 basis points in the back half. As a matter of fact, our OpEx expenditures are not reducing. They're about flat or even up slightly. So it's not about cost reductions in OpEx. It's all about the top line leverage, which we feel good about. 
Christopher DelOrefice: I would just add, I think Q2 is certainly representative of the growth rate that we need. We feel good about that. There's all kinds of puts and takes in the P&L. I mean just -- Alaris was a modest contribution. It wasn't significant. It's really most predominant in the second half, and that will be a strong driver for us. I articulated the second half drivers. Keep in mind, in Q2, you had some of these other negative comps, right? You mentioned licensing. There was also a licensing headwind that was in our Life Sciences business, and we were cycling through some very large capital installs. That's a space that -- we still feel good about customer interest, have strong momentum, and there were some timing dynamics there with the launch of our technology in BDB and a really strong install result in the quarter. So net-net, there's always lots of puts and takes. The 5% is something that we're confident in as we think of the second half. 
Christopher DelOrefice: The only thing -- just small thing I would add, we did say that for Q3, you should expect total growth inclusive of Alaris of at least 6%. And then you would expect a sequential step up in Q4. So you think of that step up, a portion of that is going to be Alaris. There's also the China grow-over favorable comp that we'll have, but Alaris is a portion of that. 
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Good question. Yes, first of all, to your point, it's a little early to get into 2025. TSA is not material. That's a normal dynamic that happens. As a matter of fact, year-over-year, we're down. So we're actually absorbing that already. And by the time you get through this year, it's not substantive. The tax dynamics and things like that are evolving. We'll share more at a future date. I think the key thing is we remain committed to our BD 2025 goals. That remains unchanged. Specifically operating margin, I'm glad you mentioned that. I just think what we've delivered through the first half of this year, the momentum we have with BD Excellence through the back half of this year sets us up nicely with the strong exit rate that gives us confidence in delivering 25% by 2025. I think the big thing that you'll see is the progression from that improvement coming from largely gross margin. So we have really great momentum inside on our improving waste, improving yield in our manufacturing lines that will drive continued momentum there. And that will be a catalyst beyond 2025 as we get to the point that we talk about that, too, that will be very positive, help facilitate reinvestment and continue to drive the top line growth as well. Thanks for the question. 
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks for the question. I guess -- so 2 things. One on margin. If you think of margin, a lot of the momentum comes from 2 things like I shared, right? One, we just exit those one-timers in the first half. So high confidence that's done. It's behind us. The second thing is, our cost improvement initiatives with -- when you think of a cap and roll period and inventory, we have a strong line of sight to that, and we already know the embedded inflation dynamics that are all locked up. So we have a high degree of confidence in what's flowing through gross margin. And then that operating margin, again, is you get natural leverage on top of that from the growth expansion in Q2, which we also feel good about. The momentum of Alaris is part of that kind of outsized back half growth. And we have a strong line of sight to that progression. So really with where we sit in the year, we're feeling good about that. Obviously, we continue to monitor the market dynamics that we touched on within the quarter. That's something that's -- we always have -- look for other levers and opportunities to deliver the full year, but that's probably the thing that we'll continue to watch. 
Thomas Polen: Yes. Thanks for the question. So first off, we are really happy that we delivered on our #1 priority last year, which is the clearance of the BD Alaris system. And we said our #1 priority for this year became the relaunch of Alaris and remediation and return to it being a contributing growth driver. And we're certainly delivering exactly on that goal like we did last year. Really proud of our manufacturing team. Hopefully, you heard it in our prepared remarks, right? We went from clearance at the end of Q4 to this past quarter, Q2, setting an all-time record in both the production and shipment numbers of Alaris. That's a combination for sale and remediation, but it really reflects that core manufacturing excellence capability that BD has, which we think is best-in-class in the industry, and this is a great example of it. We continue to get really positive customer feedback. We've got positive contract momentum. And as you heard, we've got plans progressing for our next 510(k) submission later this calendar year, which will begin to continue to build new innovations on the back of the 510(k) that we got cleared in Q4. So as we think about next year, to your question, we don't put out quarterly guidance by product line by any means. But what I would say is, as Chris said, our current guide implies, as you said, over $300 million, actually closer to $350 million for the year. And we've said before that we expect certainly FY '25 to be at least at our historical run rate, right, which you kind of think of as $400 million. Anything beyond that, we'll get into as we get into FY '25 guidance. But clearly, our performance this year is positioning us really well towards that previously stated goal. 
Thomas Polen: Yes, sure. Happy to, Matt. So on Alaris, and we'll only share a certain level of information on those at this time. We want to keep some of that surprise for customers in the market as we actually launch them. But on Alaris, we're really happy to be back at the innovation cadence. I think when we got the clearance, not only are we happy to be back servicing our customers and driving growth and getting after remediation, but we're happy to immediately jump back into innovation cadence. And you can see our team didn't hesitate in doing that. So the next 510(k) submission on Alaris later this calendar year will include customer benefits, such as over-the-air is planned for that, for software upgrades; advanced cybersecurity features; as well as a number of other components as well as making sure we continue to keep that file updated as part of our compliance strategy. So that's -- really excited about those. And on Pyxis, there hasn't been a new Pyxis instrument. There's been software upgrades, but hasn't been a new Pyxis instrument, certainly since we've owned CareFusion, and I think it's been more than 15 years. And so the new Pyxis looks different. It's got -- so it's a new hardware platform that we'll be building off of. It significantly advances our cloud strategy and connectivity as well as continuing with advanced analytics as well as hardware features built into that. So it's a significant new platform that we'll be launching and investing in to continue to serially innovate upon over the next many, many years. But we're excited about the first launches of that plan for next year. I'd say -- just say the other thing is that we do continue to invest across our connected medication management portfolio, which is obviously highly unique in the industry. And it's one of those -- we get asked the question about connected care and how we think about it because it can often be used as a buzzword. Our approach to connected care has been we look at major health care processes, and we look at how we use data and connected solutions to then transform them and what we've done in Med Management, right, from software in the pharmacy for compounding and inventory management to Pyxis on the floor to Alaris and our health site platform, which brings that site line or visibility to all the data coming from all of our systems to improve processes. It's a great example of how we're doing that. Obviously, we talked about continuing to innovate Alaris, continuing to innovate on Pyxis, but we're also continuing to innovate on other elements of that. And we shared another good example of that earlier today. One of the upcoming launches, how we're taking now not only our Pyxis platform, but 2 of the acquisitions we made over the last couple of years, our MedBank platform, which is basically Pyxis for the non-acute, a benchtop unit and GSL. And we're putting that data now in through health sites so that people will be able to see end-to-end visibility of medications from Pyxis to MedBank to GSL, all integrated. So if you're an IDN, you're trying to manage across the care continuum as you've been acquiring assets there, right? BD is going to be a company that enables you to do that very uniquely as part of our strategy. So yes, thanks for the question, Matt. 
Thomas Polen: Yes, I'll take that, Matt. So no, we feel good. It fits right in line with what we -- what I described before, which was you're seeing the diversity of our portfolio, which is a real strength for the company. Where again, those -- the Medical products, Intervention, Life Science businesses that are exposed to health care utilization, health care provider space, right, the vacutainers, the diagnostic systems products, et cetera, along with Intervention and all the Medical products used in that. They're benefiting from that strong utilization and our innovation pipeline that are enabling us to offset what our transitory broad dynamics in the -- that people are seeing in the life science research space and the B2B pharma systems with some destocking, particularly in vaccines and anti-coag. So we feel really good about those businesses as well. As I said, we're seeing strong double-digit growth right around double-digit growth in biologics and Pharm Systems. We've got a great pipeline there with key launches later this year, turning over to customers, Libertas and Evolve, for them to start doing trials on. We see in our B2B space, we're still in a market that's going through a cycle that we certainly see some positive signs on with NIH funding, having higher visibility. Overall, we're seeing the FACSDiscover now -- platform. We just launched the 3 and 4 lasers. So that's adding access to a more cost-effective option for customers to get into that transformational technology. So we're excited by that. And we're still over delivering, I think, versus what you're seeing comps from others in some of those spaces. And so as those markets end up rebounding, again, which we see that forthcoming over time. We think we're really well positioned there as well, which is just going to help our overall growth. And again, in the meanwhile, that diversified portfolio strength is allowing us to do very well, both on revenue and clearly on a margin perspective. 
Thomas Polen: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, and thank you for your questions and interest in BD. We look forward to sharing our progress towards delivering our BD 2025 goals and increased outlook for FY '24 on our next call. Have a great rest of the day. 
