Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Chris. We have been discussing our robust pipeline for some time now, and in fiscal year 2013, there were over 20 significant product launches. I'll not review them in detail, but we have highlighted them on Slides 19 and 20. Looking to fiscal year 2014, we have some products that are key to our success going forward. Some of them will launch in fiscal year 2014. Others were launched in fiscal year 2013. In BD Medical, the acquisition of SSI added a safety product to our Pharmaceutical Systems portfolio. We also launched next-generation glass and plastic syringes in that unit as well. We recently announced a commitment to create the Odon Device, a product aimed at addressing maternal and newborn mortality caused by obstructed and prolonged labor, typically in developing countries. Along with the World Health Organization and other organizations, we look forward to addressing this serious problem. For BD Simplist, you may have heard that we have just announced the FDA approval of morphine, which is consistent with our expectations. BD Rx will begin production of morphine immediately and projects initial availability in early calendar year 2014. We continue to plan for 20 to 30 drug launches over the next several years. Right now we have an additional 3 drugs in the pipeline submitted to the FDA that are in various stages of approval. In Biosciences, we recently launched 2 new products. The BD FACSAria Fusion improves on the solid foundation of patented technologies, exceptional multi-color performance and ease of use from our first-generation product. This sorting know-how is now being combined with best-in-class biosafety expertise to create a fully integrated advanced cell sorter and biosafety solution for research laboratories. We also launched our next-generation BD FACSCanto flow cytometer, now with a 10-color capability. This system delivers higher sensitivity and resolution for more accurate results. This coming year, we are also anticipating the launch of our BD FACSPresto, our CD4 analyzer for emerging markets, as well as the launch of additional Sirigen dyes. On Slide 22, you can see the anticipated products in our Diagnostics space. This includes an expanded menu on the Veritor point-of-care device. On the BD MAX platform, we plan to launch our GC/CT and Trich assay in addition to the StaphSR and Enteric Bacteria Panel. Additionally, we launched our BD Onclarity HPV test on the Viper LT system outside of the U.S. We believe that the genotyping available with this assay will be superior to anything else currently on the market, and we look forward to that launch later this quarter. On Slide 23, before we open the call to questions, I'd like to reiterate the key messages from our presentation today. First, we're pleased with our accomplishments in fiscal year 2013. We continue to execute on our strategy and deliver on our long-term commitments. Second, our focus on growth and innovation is continuing to yield results. We're seeing the proof points with our continuing success in new product launches, acquisitions, geographic expansion initiatives and efficiency programs. And third, we're confident in our fiscal year 2014 outlook. Our focus for fiscal year 2014 is to continue to meet the customer needs by offering complete solutions across our 6 worldwide businesses. We expect to drive revenue growth of 4% to 5% and continue to deliver a higher quality of earnings. We expect EPS growth of 8.5% to 9.5% or 9% to 10% excluding one quarter of the medical device tax. We believe that we have built a strong foundation this fiscal year that provides us the platform for continued growth. And finally, we're committed to delivering continued value to our customers and our shareholders around the world as we pursue our purpose of helping all people live healthy lives. Thank you, and we'll now open the call to questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes, I'll make a couple of comments, and I'll ask Bill Kozy to add some other color on this. But we really haven't seen utilization changing much in our businesses. So we would say basically that it's fairly flat from a utilization standpoint. Now of course, there's the same exception we've been talking about for a couple of quarters now and maybe for a year now in Women's Health business where the pap screening intervals, of course, have lengthened. And we're now up to about maybe 60% of the customer base have moved to the longer interval, and that continues to impact us. Even though we had some good performance in terms of instrumentation in the U.S. and globally with some new products, the disposable piece continued to go down. So that's been impacting the growth that we've been seeing. In the U.S., in terms of Diabetes Care, maybe a little softer market as well. So those are the major factors. Bill, is there anything else you would want to add to that on the U.S.? We've got Pharma Systems being strong.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So from an M&A standpoint, the way we're thinking about M&A is we're trying to build complete solutions for the customers. So it's not randomly go out and find plug-in acquisitions, but it's very strategically build a franchise. Let me give you an example. The work that we've been doing in medication insurance, where you've seen us do PhaSeal, you've seen us do Cato and CRISI, so they start to give us a portfolio of products that really elevates the conversation in terms of need with the customer. So that's the first factor. And we're going to continue doing that around our businesses and increase our relevance to the customer base. Second part of the question is yes, we are feeling that we have made progress in terms of our ability to identify and to do due diligence and then integrate our acquisitions, and we think that over the last year, we proved that out. And while our focus, it does remain on these plug-in acquisitions, we do have some more confidence to do somewhat larger deals. So that's the way I would pull it all together for you.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And continued ramp-up of the new products that we've been talking about, and as I was going through the portfolio, we would have noticed as I talked about things that we launched in 2013 and that we're launching into '14. So we've been early on in that ramp-up, and we continue to expect to make progress in terms of new products as a percent of sales. So those are the factors.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So in terms of health care reform, we basically have it in as a neutral. It's extremely difficult right now to forecast how this is going to impact the markets that we are in. How fast are they going to go in terms of fixing the website? We don't know. There seems to be major issues there. We also -- and so we know it will be somewhat a positive if you get the uninsured covered, and people who had put off elective surgeries, there could be a small bump there. But we also see negative pressure emerging in terms of consolidation in pricing and whatnot. So at the end of the day, we put it in as a neutral, and we'll watch it as we go forward. And if we see changes, we'll update you on those.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So we're not going to give specific guidance on this. We want a little bit more experience under our belt, and once we have that, then we'll start to give you some more precise information.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So we have done well in China, and we're encouraged by what we're seeing. First from a macro environment, I know there's been a lot of concern about would health care spending slowdown, and we track -- our country organization tracks a bunch of measures out there. We have not seen that in the markets that we participate in. So number one, we continue to see strong spending. Number two, we've successfully implemented across the entire BD portfolio, and so it's not just Medical or one piece of the business now. It's all of the businesses implementing quite well in China, and that's a result of the infrastructure building that we've done. Third, this year, we started to expand our footprint into what people call Tier 2. And as we've done that, we've built our distribution network. Then lastly, we've effectively partnered with the government of China to improve the health care system. We've -- as I've mentioned in the past, we've done 3 memorandums of understanding on Infection Control, and we continue to implement that program with them. Looking forward, we're going to continue to expand that distribution reach, and we're starting to put R&D in Asia. That process began in 2013, and we will do that in Singapore and some in China. So we're becoming a more fully integrated company in China. So all that together has meant that we both kind of built the market and have gained share in a number of our businesses.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So just to add to that a little bit as well, as Chris mentioned, we are doing a better job of managing pricing across the entire portfolio and globally. And so -- and we saw that improvement over 2013. The environmental pressures are still there, but as we launch some of these new products that are highly differentiated, that's also helping us. So our guidance in terms of having some negative price but being in a much better position in the beginning of 2014 than we were in the beginning of 2013, I think, reflects where we're at.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So we do continue to expect similar growth in emerging markets as we enter -- as we're in beginning of 2014. Things that can take it up or down is really health care spending, number one, in the region -- in the various regions and continued focus of these governments. Right now we're assuming no real change in terms of the spending. Second is that we work with many governments and NGOs, and the timing of their tenders can vary, and they can move from 1 year to another. And so that can impact us as well and then just the amount of success that we're having in terms of building new markets and how long it takes to do those things and to influence Medical practice. So right now it's very much, we're looking at it as similar to 2013.
Vincent A. Forlenza: It's leverage. We built our core organizations. We're going to continue to build out the sales infrastructure and whatnot, but think about we had to put in a regulatory infrastructure, we had to put in a compliance infrastructure. So those things are in place. And yes, they'll have to be expanded over time, but they're not going to have to grow at the same rate as we're growing sales. So you start to see some leverage in the P&L. And that's the difference year-on-year really.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So Tom will take the first part of the question, and I didn't understand the second one. I didn't hear it. Let Tom go first, then we'll come back.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So the question was, what are the synergies between the device side of the business and the life science side of the business? And we see that from a global standpoint, having this broader portfolio really helps us, I mean, number one, in emerging markets. Number two, it increases our relevance to the customer base in the developed world as well. And number three, going forward, we think there are potentials for utilizing skills from one side of the company and the other side of the company as we move into more innovative spaces. Let me call it that way. From a financial standpoint, all the businesses if you do it, some of the parts are fully valued but certainly, helps us in terms of consistency of performance. So we see a kind of geographic strategic benefit. We see some capability benefit and then some consistency benefit throughout the portfolio. Those are the 3 things that we said.
Vincent A. Forlenza: But they would not go on to Veritor is what Tom is saying. They're beyond the next generation for example. Is that what you're saying, Tom, or...
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. I think what we had said was that it would be about half of the operating margin impact. So we were around, I guess, it was 70 to 80 basis points on all-in basis. And net of the pension impact, it's about 30 to 40 basis points.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. We think for this year that we're going to be approaching around the 15% mark. So 200 basis points improvement, and we see continued improvement going forward. It's interesting. We've made good progress on the new products, maybe a little bit below where we thought we're going to be. But all in all, we're quite pleased. The other thing that's happened is that our core products have grown faster, and that's been driven by emerging markets, some really good work that we've done, which have grown faster than we contemplated at the time we were giving that guidance. So all in all, I think it's been a pretty positive story.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. I would like to thank all of you for joining us today and going through our results in 2013 and the guidance for 2014. We look forward to updating you on the year as the year progressed. As I said, we remain confident in the strategy going forward, our strategy around growth, operating effectiveness and building capabilities. So thank you very much, and we'll talk to you soon.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. I'll take that, Amit. You're right. In fiscal year '14, the gross margin has an FX drag of about 60 basis points, which on a all-in basis means the gross margin's flat. We're driving about 60 basis points of lift FXN. The 60 basis points of drag from FX, about half of that relates to the inventory translation adjustments, which hits mostly in Q1. The rest results in weakening currencies such as the yen, which is driving lower revenue, but also, we've reduced expenses. We're more profitable there, and that's flowing through. So it's less of a natural hedge. For the FXN, we're driving about 60 basis points of improvement, and that goes back to ReLoCo improvements, as well as a slight improvement from the pension benefit that shows up in COGS. That's partially offset by start-up cost and some deterioration from raw material pricing as well. And the start-up costs, as you know, are line extensions and product launches.
Christopher R. Reidy: So Kristen, you're exactly right. The midpoint of our range, let's say, that we pointed to is about 4.5%. If you look at the underlying growth, we have about 4.2% when you normalize for the onetime items. That also includes the headwinds we mentioned of the $25 million from the lost customer contract and the expected 20 to 40 basis points. So you're absolutely right. It does contemplate an acceleration or a continued momentum. Again, we're seeing that from emerging markets growth, and we continue to see safety growth as well. So we're seeing that continue. So the range is a continuation of that momentum that we saw this year.
Christopher R. Reidy: I would just add that the timing of the morphine approval was right in line with when we expected it to occur and was part of our guidance.
Christopher R. Reidy: No. I think the only thing is, is pricing. Obviously, we had 20 to 40 basis points in our guidance. We were down about 10 basis points this year. But if you look back to '12 and fiscal year '11, we're in the 80 to 90 basis points range. So that's a volatile assumption.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, it's a combination of factors. Clearly, we've talked about having put in more effective price management procedures and really driving a focus on price management. And we think that we've gotten some traction internally with that and have seen some nice results. Having said that, it can also be impacted by the amount of tenders, et cetera. And so when we look out next year, we see a lot more potential volatility in tenders and particularly in Europe. So while we're happy with the performance in '13, we're not declaring victory. It could been more of an environmental reprieve, and so we're very focused on that going into '14.
Christopher R. Reidy: Well, we're not going to guide to 2015, beyond. But if you look at our track record, we've shown significant improvement over the last few years. We're continuing to work that, and you see that in '14 with a nice step function down in terms of the tax rate primarily driven by geographical mix.
Christopher R. Reidy: Got you. Okay. Well, Right now we're at investment grade. That's very important to us. We're comfortably within investment grade, and Moody's just reaffirmed us. You have to look at the M&A opportunity and how strategic that opportunity is obviously. We have the capacity to do a little bit more leverage, but it all depends on the strategic nature of the acquisition. But I would emphasize that the investment grade is particularly important.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So technically, this is my second, but I was only here 2 weeks the last time. So you're probably right. But in terms of cash flow, you can see that we guided to $1.8 billion, which is an increase from the $1.7-ish billion that we had this year. And if you remember back in August, we mentioned that cash flow from operations was actually a bit negative in the first half of the year. We expected that to get back to about flat year-over-year and it did. The negative was being driven by a negative working capital situation, buildup of inventory, mostly safety stock in the first half of the year. So we got back to flat. We see that improving going forward, and that is almost entirely driven by improvement in working capital. We get a little bit of a headwind there from the incremental medical device tax, but the big story there is working capital improvement. What you probably know is that we've added working capital and free cash flow to our bonus payout ratios last year. So we're very focused on driving working capital growth. So you'll see a little bit of an opportunity to lift from the current $1.7 billion up to the $1.8 billion going forward.
Christopher R. Reidy: I'd just add that, that could also be increased by any additional new acquisitions because nothing contemplated in the guidance for new acquisitions. That will lift that as well.
Tom Polen: Sure. Okay. So Brian, just starting with MAX, as we've shared earlier this year, we expected that it was going to take until the second half of FY '13 to really see MAX growth starting to fully offset the declines that we had seen in GeneOhm from prior years. And we are very pleased that we're seeing that positive trajectory. We're up high single digits for the quarter overall. We're seeing very positive feedback from customers. We're now approaching about 300 installations in the field and continue to focus on our menu expansion there. As you look at some of the delays that we reported in the -- earlier by Vince, it's really 2 major factors that are influencing those. One is related to clinical trial prevalence. As we're doing more complex panels on MAX, of course, we end up with a large number of organisms that we're looking for in each panel, and the prevalence of those are very significantly. So if you look at, for example, enteric bacteria and GC/CT Trich, those delays are related specifically to prevalence and us expanding the clinical trial length and numbers of sites. The other major area was just further feedback from FDA related to the depth of the trials required. And that one was specific if you look at Totalys in the U.S. So while we did launch Totalys x U.S. in Q4 and fulfilled a nice backlog of orders we had there, the U.S. is going to take us a little longer based on feedback for additional testing that we had gotten from the FDA.
Tom Polen: Yes, so Doug, this is Tom. So HPV has not been fundamentally delayed, right? HPV remains on track to launch x U.S. this quarter. And again, that's an x U.S. launch. We've not shared the launch date for the U.S. with customers nor with, obviously, in this forum. We have shared that our clinical trial in the U.S. is underway, but we've not yet shared that date. On GC/CT, specifically on MAX, so as I already referred to in response to Brian, that was really delay related to a clinical trial prevalence that's underway. There's nothing wrong with the instrument or the assay. It's really around the prevalence of the organisms at this point in time that we've -- in the trial sites that we're testing in.
Tom Polen: So Women's Health was actually was an -- I view it as really an exceptional quarter for TriPath. Women's Health or TriPath was actually up mid to high single digits in the quarter, but that's really a tale of 2 very different worlds. So we did see continued declines in that U.S. reagent sales in the TriPath driven by those interval extensions as we shared for the last 1.5 years. What we saw though was that be more than offset by continued strong growth x U.S., as well as pent-up demand for the new Totalys automation system that we launched in Q4 and shipped a number of those systems x U.S.
Tom Polen: So Jeff, as Vince had mentioned earlier, of course, today we have flu RSV available. We have adenovirus available x U.S. We have strep FDA approved already. We're awaiting the CLIA waiver, which is what we expect in Q2. We do have a series of other technology development programs underway that does include the ability for higher sensitivity and quantitation. But they're a bit earlier stage, and we haven't articulated any menu specifically related to those. While we certainly have those in mind, we haven't communicated those broadly.
