Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. As we've stated in our press release, we are pleased with our continued improved performance in the second quarter. Our results this quarter highlight the benefit of our diverse geographic and product portfolio. We delivered solid revenue growth, which were in line with our expectations. In early March, we acquired Cato Software Solutions, which manufactures a suite of comprehensive medication safety solutions for pharmacy intravenous medication preparation, physician therapy planning and nurse bedside documentation. The issue of medication errors is one of the top concerns on the minds of health care providers today. Cato provides automated system that creates and shares data to help reduce human error, streamline workflow and increase efficiency from medication preparation to delivery in both pharmacy and clinical drug delivery settings. Also in March, we announced BD's entrance into the generic injectable pharmaceutical industry. The FDA approved the first 2 drugs to be offered in the BD Simplist ready-to-administer line of prefilled generic injectables. The first BD Simplist product approved was Diphenhydramine, an injectable antihistamine. This product started shipping to customers in April. As we recently announced, the second drug approved was Metoclopramide. We expect that product to ship in the coming weeks. The launch of the BD Simplist product line and the acquisition of Cato demonstrate how we are continuing to invest in innovation, both organically and through strategic acquisitions. Cato and Simplist are highly aligned with our broader strategy of making health care systems more effective, efficient and safe. We continue to focus on medication error management and enabling safer more effective parenteral drug delivery in both hospital and pharmacy settings. Moving on to our financial results. Revenue growth in the second quarter was driven by our Medical and Diagnostics segments. Strong international growth overcame slower U.S. sales growth, which was mostly impacted by a timing of orders. We also continue -- we also saw a continued strong growth in international Safety sales and emerging markets. Based on our solid second quarter and the first half of the year, we are raising our previously communicated currency-neutral revenue and earnings per share guidance for the full fiscal year 2013. Suky will provide more details on guidance in a moment. On Slide 5, we've outlined our second quarter revenue and EPS results, which I will speak to on a currency-neutral basis. Total company revenues were solid, increasing by 4.1%. Fully diluted EPS came in at $1.39, growing at 7.6% over the prior year. Excluding the impact of the medical device tax, which went into effect in January of this year, adjusted earnings per share grew 11.5% in the quarter. Now I'd like to turn things over to Suky for a more detailed discussion of our second quarter financial performance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So you're right, Kristen, and thanks for the question. It did moderate. And if you recall, it was -- the same thing was true in the first quarter of the year, so we've seen 2 quarters now where it was not as severe as we projected going into the year. We are not indicating that we're in an easy pricing environment. It's just not as difficult as it has been. Having said all of that, Europe remains a particular challenge, especially in southern Europe. But so far to date, with the trends that we see, we think it's just going to be somewhat less than our initial projections.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure, Amit. And I think Tom would be happy to talk about that. I think you saw that the intervals start before this quarter but continuing. So Tom, maybe you can pick up on it.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So obviously, to state the obvious, the one area we are seeing lower utilization as the industry is, of course, is in women's health and cancer with the lower OB/GYN visits and the increase in the interval. Other than that, I think there's been pretty much stability.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. And the trend we started to see last quarter, it began to pick up at the higher end. [indiscernible] comment further on it. Bill, would you like to...
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. We are having a good year in China. Actually, we had a good year in China last year as well, and I think we're holding on success that we're putting in place over the last couple of years, and there's a few things. One is that we compete not [ph] just on product, but on clinical knowledge in the marketplace, especially on the device side. We're on our third memorandum of understanding with the Chinese government on infection control. So we're bringing not just a very innovative product, which was designed for the Chinese market, for example, in our Infusion Therapy business, but in addition, we are working with our customers on training, transfer of clinical knowledge, which is highly valued in the marketplace, which the local competition does not bring. Second, from an organizational standpoint, we have been investing heavily the last several years in not just sales capability but in a broad capability in terms of regulatory affairs, quality manufacturing. And I think you're seeing the impact of that as we improve our coverage across the entire country and strengthen partnerships with local distributors. So it's a whole series of things we're putting in place. I don't want to give you the impression that it's just on the medical device side. The medical device side is doing quite well, but it's also diagnostics over the last 18 months has ramped up very nicely in China. It's doing extremely well. BDB also is doing well, both historically with the clinical market; now it's also the research marketplace. And it's the total portfolio there that -- where we can do the small instrument all the way to the high-end centers that China is funding. So it's that mix of all things -- all of those things that is giving us the good performance against both the local competition, and quite frankly, against the international players as well.
Vincent A. Forlenza: We mentioned some spending which got shifted from the second quarter into the third, so you have that combination going on.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And if you think back, we also had a situation where we communicated that there was one product line which had a severe pricing event. We sunseted that, I think, about a year ago, halfway through last year. So with that in mind, we communicated going forward that we thought pricing might improve because of that. It's still negative, but we did sunset that and prices did stabilize in that particular marketplace like we thought. But to Bill's good points I think it's that plus the combination of things that Bill just put on the table.
Vincent A. Forlenza: No, it's very small, Mike. So you don't have to figure it into your model. It will start to impact next year.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And Mike, recall that we've talked about the timing events in this quarter. So the other thing that we should all be keeping in mind is it was a timing event in Diabetes Care. So we expect strong growth in Diabetes Care in the back half of the year. We all know we've talked about many times the lumpiness in Pharm Systems. So Pharm Systems, we're indicating to you, is going to be improving in the back half of the year versus this quarter. So you see that going on as well. We have the ramp-up of BD MAX in the back half of the year. Remember, we talked about 150 instrument placements. It takes a while [indiscernible] gauge its usage to start to ramp-up. So you've got all of those things, and we expect continued good performance in emerging markets in the back half of the year. So when you put all of that together and you pulled out the timing elements, I think we're pretty confident in terms of the back half.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Rick, one other thing to keep in mind is that while we are getting new placements, and we are getting new placements in customers we did not have before, a big priority for this year is upgrading the current base. So as I was mentioning, you're going to see the ramp-up of sales, but that's somewhat moderated by the fact that we're also trading out that installed base where we've been selling a very manual product to date. So expect even a bigger impact next year.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Good question. The answer is no. To be more precise, we're seeing there was spending that we thought was going to happen in the second quarter, and it was in the legal area. We thought that is now moving into the back half of the year, somewhere, we think, probably the third quarter, and that's what's going on. It's not us accelerating infrastructure spending or that sort of thing. So no impact on your modeling other than this year.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So Suky, maybe you want to comment on the good productivity in the quarter because we actually had the productivity we expected to have.
Vincent A. Forlenza: First, on Diabetes Care. It was a onetime supply chain event. It's already resolved itself. So going forward, we're not concerned about this. So you can pretty much take that off the table. And Tom, microbiology is doing very well.
Vincent A. Forlenza: We do know Pharm Systems is going to be bigger in the third quarter than the fourth quarter. That's the main one.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So for 2013, small. And we're just starting to ramp this up, but we are starting to ship products. But in terms of the back half of the year, it's going to take a while for these contracts to roll and the product to get through the system and whatnot, so not much. So you're going to see a bigger impact in '14. '14 is going to be our really first sales year of this product. But we're not going to get into a particular revenue guidance on it at this point in time.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I think we have a mix going forward. We do expect to continue to get gross margin improvement as we go forward. I think from a principal standpoint, you should think that the kind of ReLoCo program you've seen in Medical is now a way of life, and that we would look to keep extending that kind of thinking in program throughout the company. We're actively working on those things. Also second piece, you're right. We do expect that these acquisitions will become more accretive over time. The way I think about it is our strategy is to continue doing these plug-in acquisitions. So there's always a baseline cost of the program. But as the -- as some of these acquisitions mature, then we see benefits from them, and that whole program becomes more positive over time. But we do expect to continue this program and continue to move into adjacencies. Moving into SSG&A, we will continue to drive our efforts in shared services as we bring up our global shared service network and continue to look for operating efficiencies in SSG&A as we move forward on the EVEREST program as well. So it's going to be a combination, and it'll probably vary from year to year depending on what's going on.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I don't think it changes our acquisition strategy. We're still focused on plug-in acquisitions. If you think about what we're doing in the Medical side of the business, what we're communicating is we're focused on medication error reduction and improving parenteral drug delivery. That's the core of that strategy. I'm sure we would continue to look to expand our footprint in that area as we're continuing to expand our footprint in Diagnostics and Biosciences.
Vincent A. Forlenza: It's very much a U.S. business and an international business. But pretty much all the major -- the acute care hospitals have significant programs around first, HAI reduction. And then as Tom was talking about before, we see this opportunity for a broader menu across the acute care segment. What Tom's doing is broadening the footprint of molecular within the acute care segment. You want to comment any more on that? Because it's been very concentrated a little bit now.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, I think there's a number of businesses where we're doing quite well in. And you see our results, first off, just broadly in international and especially in emerging markets. We're doing well as we build out those infrastructures, as we talked about, as we have some products particularly targeted for those markets. So in Medical, we're doing well. Remember -- we haven't talked about it today. The Emerald Syringe we've launched, and we're moving into markets that we haven't served before. I think we're doing quite well in the Diabetes Care business in pen needles as well. In Diagnostics, we're reporting out the point-of-care, and Veritor, we entered the physicians marketplace, where we have been in clinical but we were not there before in the flu market in physicians. Now we have Strep and RSV going forward as well. So we're as excited about that. Remember, there's also adjacencies going on here, which -- where we're moving into spaces we just haven't occupied. Tom just talked about now he's got mass spec unit. We've moved into laboratory automation. So I think we're doing better because we're moving into adjacent spaces, new products and gaining some share at the same time. I think it's more the adjacencies' international piece than share gain right now, but getting some on the margin.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So it was small in the quarter. It wasn't a big driver, less than 50 bps. But where it was was in the physician's office with the new product.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So I thank all of you for your questions and your participation on the call. We were very pleased with our second quarter results. It was great communicating that to you. I'm very happy to raise our guidance for the year. I think that we're seeing strong growth as we communicated both on international, good performance from our acquisitions and our new products, which is driving that growth. We didn't talk a lot today about our operating effectiveness programs, but they remain on track, ReLoCo I and ReLoCo II, and we will continue to drive those programs going forward. And it was a pleasure to raise our guidance. So we look forward to updating you on the balance of the year. Thank you very much.
Suketu Upadhyay: Kristen, for the quarter, we said it was about 20 basis points, and on a full year basis, we're saying it's about 50 basis points.
Suketu Upadhyay: I think you're right on point, Vince. And then, the fact that emerging markets continue to grow really well, and we're well indexed from a revenue exposure standpoint to emerging markets, I think, is another contribution.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. Cato will be minimal. For the full year, we had previously guided that acquisitions would be about 50 basis points. We're taking that up a little bit. We're getting a little bit better expected -- than expected traction, thinking about 60 to 70 basis points on the full year. Within the quarter, it was about 100 basis points. But again, that'll come down over the rest of the year as KIESTRA starts to annualize.
Suketu Upadhyay: Sure. So I'll start on your 4-part question here. David, thanks for the question. So first off, what gives us the confidence on our outlook? So first of all, in the first half, I think we did perform quite well versus our expectations, 4.7 on the top line. And you could see that we're showing acceleration from an EPS perspective and from margin expansion. Going into the second half, we expect to see a little bit of acceleration from a top line perspective. The growth drivers, I think, as Vince has mentioned, primarily around acquisitions. We're seeing really good growth in customer anticipation around KIESTRA. SSI, we're very excited about. We think it will be a nice growth driver for us for the rest of the year. Our launch of new products, specifically around MAX beginning to ramp up, as Tom spoke about, adding on the new anchor assay of C. diff has us very excited. If you start to think about further on into our portfolio around pen needles, we still have a lot of runway in that business. So it really cuts across many different businesses. And then again from a geographic perspective, we continue to see very strong growth from emerging markets, and Safety continues to be a nice contributor. So we've got confidence, again, in the backdrop also of lower pricing erosion that we could sustain, not only sustain growth but actually accelerate a little bit from a top line perspective. Moving on to the second point of your question, which is -- you're absolutely right. Very good contribution from acquisitions this year, very good margin expansion. What would you expect for next year? We're not going to guide on next year, but when you think about what are some of the drivers of our margin expansion this year, it's primarily in gross margin, right? And we've talked a lot about ReLoCo and the incremental benefits there, which are right on track and delivering as expected. We talked about our other continuous improvement in some of our G&A efficiencies. Those things don't go away as we look forward. So my anticipation is that we continue to see some margin expansion as we...
Suketu Upadhyay: No. So David, first of all, the medical device tax. Previously, we gave a guidance range of $40 million to $50 million. We're not saying it's around $45 million, so it's a little bit less than a $0.01 or $0.02 if you took the upper end of that range versus the middle of that range versus what we talked about. So we don't see that as a major driver. Overall, EPS we're increasing, on a performance basis, by about $0.05. FX offsets that by about $0.02, and again, it's driven by the underlying uptake in revenue as well as some benefit from some items below the line.
Suketu Upadhyay: So first of all, the first question in there was around 2013 and how that looks versus 2014. So sort of trying answer that very simplistically, I deconstruct that 11%, 11.5%. If you think about revenues, the component of that, about 4.5 to 5%. Then you've got our share repurchase program carryover from 2012 plus the shares we're doing this year. It's probably worth about 4% to 5%. And then the remainder of that is due to the operating margin expansion. That's a profile that I pretty much see going into 2014. There's going to be some puts and takes across those 3 levers, but I think that's broadly in line with where we're looking at it. I think your next question was around how do we see Q3 and Q4 into the rest of the year. Again, if you sort of took where our guidance -- what we've delivered so far, $2.74, our guidance range on EPS for the rest of the year, that takes you to about a $3 at the midpoint for the rest of the year. And again, we see that more heavily weighted to the fourth quarter. I hope I've answered your second question.
Suketu Upadhyay: Lumpiness in the business. If you think about the uptake on our new products, as well as acquisition, you're continuing to see a steady ramp-up quarter-over-quarter.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. So if you think about where we guided you for the rest of the year, Mike, we say 4.5% to 5%. And if you think about acquisitions for the rest of the year, it's going to moderate to somewhere in about the 60- to 70-basis-point range. So we're looking at underlying growth somewhere of around 4% to 4.5%, so it looks all right.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, so total investment, you're right, was slightly higher in the quarter primarily due to deferred comp, as you know. We've talked about this in the past, as assets in that plan increase because we've seen good performance in the overall equities market, we recognize additional interest income. Of course, there's an offset in SSG&A, which you'll see in this quarter as well. So that's one of the key drivers to this year. We're also seeing some slight rate improvement x U.S. on our cash balances, so that's a positive. As we think about for the year, interest income we're characterizing at about $35 million, and so that's a slight increase from last quarter.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, so from a gross margin perspective, you're right. We have onetime items, about 60 bps. It really relates to a lot of smaller items. For example, we had the write-down of a plant that we're closing as a result of our ReLoCo initiatives. There's been some other items related to cost compliance. All in all, they add up to about 60 bps for the quarter. Again, we expect those to turn in the next quarter. So that was the key driver of gross margin. And then when you look below that, again, a medical device tax worth about $14 million or about 60 bps to operating margins as well.
Suketu Upadhyay: That's right. If you sort of broke gross margin apart, it is down 30 bps, 10 due to performance. But unfortunately, some of the onetime items masked a really good performance we're seeing against ReLoCo, continuous improvement. And actually, our 2012 acquisition is now becoming accretive to gross margins in 2013. Those all in were worth about 130 basis points improvement year-over-year. So a good point, Vince, and that is really the underlying story.
Suketu Upadhyay: So the year-over-year benefit from flu was a little bit better than what we expected in the second quarter. If you recall, in the first quarter, we said it was about 50 basis points.
Suketu Upadhyay: Sure. So you're right, Kristen. Flu is worth about 50 bps in the first quarter. It was smaller in the second quarter, a little bit better than we expected. So when you think about -- when you look at the actual market dynamics, what happened, we clearly saw from the CDC a big drop-off in the second quarter. There was a bit of a spillover.
Tom Polen: Sure. Amit, this is Tom. So in the quarter we saw, as Vince mentioned, overall strong performance in our microbiology business internationally and also in our point-of-care. Speaking then specifically to women's health and then also comment on molecular. We did see women's health was actually down 10% in the quarter, and that was driven by continued strong double-digit growth internationally. We are seeing continued increases in ACT testing internationally, as well as good conversion from conventional to liquid-based cytology driving that double-digit international growth. But we saw the U.S. down really driving that net decrease of 10% in the quarter, and that's really 2 factors. We saw OB/GYN visits, the stats that we look at, OB/GYN visits were down about 6.5% in the quarter. And then we see the intervals continuing to extend. We monitor those intervals and adoptions pretty closely, and we're seeing about 50% to 60% of physicians at this point have adopted those extended intervals. That's up from about 25% 2 years ago. So it's not ended yet, but it's moving towards a more -- it's continuing to increase that rate but that had -- did impact us. Molecular in the quarter was actually down as well, about 4%, and that was really prior losses in GeneOhm continue to annualize, and that offset growth that we did see in MAX. And as Vince mentioned earlier, we are seeing very good customer interest in MAX, continued really pleasure from the customer perspective around the automation of performance and the open system capabilities. We did surpass that 150 total installations in the quarter. It's diff approved, which is a major milestone in our [indiscernible] portfolio, and we've [indiscernible] against a backlog of orders bringing that down. We expect that backlog to be fully relieved in Q3 and moving forward from there.
Tom Polen: Yes. Rick, this is Tom. I would just say that if you look at, particularly in the U.S. -- so x U.S. we've had about 7 assays launched. This brings the U.S. up to now 3 FDA-approved assays, and we also offer REO assay for the HAI space, as well as CRE. So this -- the launch of Cdiff really rounded out our HAI portfolio. We had MRSA. MRSA is still a growing market, but it's -- the growth rate of MRSA looking forward is not merely at the level of Cdiff. I'd say MRSA defines a bit of a more mature market. Cdiff, as Vince alluded to, is still a very fast-growing market that has a lot of runway ahead. And as you look at someone looking to make an acquisition of a platform for helping to manage their HAI solutions, the fact that we now have MRSA and Cdiff available on the box, it was something that we had a lot of customer actually waiting for. We had some pent-up demand of people waiting for our Cdiff approval, and we saw that immediately upon approval, a series of orders come through the door. And we're still, of course, working on many more beyond that. It's kind of one additional assay. It's not the scale of MRSA or Cdiff that's actively under clinical trials right now. That's our StaphSR assay for pre-surgical screening. We'll be submitting that to the FDA later this year, and that will fully round out our HAI portfolio.
Tom Polen: Okay. So this is Tom, and thanks for the question. So just on -- give a little bit of color on the upgrade path and why that's important to us. As we've been reporting, the GeneOhm business has been challenged, I'd say, for really the last year to 2 because of the very manual nature of that, right. It's been vulnerable. And as we've said, we actually had molecular is down this quarter because of the annualized impact of losses in the past on GeneOhm, and the GeneOhm menu is really purely an HAI menu plus GBS. That GeneOhm menu now, with the approval of Cdiff, is basically been fully replicated on MAX. And so the customers that have been relying on GeneOhm to do their MRSA testing and their Cdiff testing and their GBS testing now have that exact same portfolio available on MAX, and so we're able to go and more aggressively upgrade them, secure that business so that we don't have any underlying negative trajectory in that part of the portfolio. So then with a more solid base, of course, you're looking at a combination of share gains, as well as entry into new market spaces. And really from here on out, most of the new assays that we will be launching on MAX, and we haven't characterized the exact size of those markets publicly, but what you will see is MAX beginning to enter into new spaces for us. So, for example, in the quarter we launched our enteric bacterial panel in Europe. Now that's a new market for us. It's a new market overall because it's upgrading customers from culture to a molecular method. That assay is under active clinical trials right now in the U.S. and will be submitted for FDA approval at the end of this year. We have GC/CT also moving into clinical trials. GC/CT, Trich, a new assay on that platform in that volume segment of the market. Of course, it's been playing a bit more in the higher volume segment on our Viper platform. And there's many others. We have respiratory assays in our pipeline, et cetera, which are new markets for us. So we think about, as we get that MAX placement into an account, really growing that account through the addition of menu, and that's an area that we've communicated that we're very focused on, and we'll continue to be, obviously, on the execution side of that, very focused on menu expansion because that's what's going to drive average revenue per account upwards over the many years to come.
Tom Polen: It is. So this is Tom. Microbiology is doing well overall. I would say in that segment, you also have to put in the Veritor point-of-care platform, which is also doing very well. As Vince mentioned, we're up to over 4,700 placements since launch, and really, most of those sales, of course, are concentrated in the flu season, which was Q2. So I look at Diagnostic Systems as really getting the benefit of concentration of a very successful new point-of-care launch with flu, with also very good growth internationally across the portfolio and solid performance and increasing strength in our microbiology business. And that's driven by not only just the core products, but also the integration of KIESTRA and now the broader solution that we're offering in that category around automation.
Tom Polen: No, I think it's just -- as we've talked about before, it's just the calendarization and really the ramp-up of the new products and the acquisitions that are driving sort of a sequential uptake to the fourth quarter.
Tom Polen: Good question. This is Tom. So just around MRSA and Cdiff, we continue to see Cdiff, I'd say, the market overall is growing very strong double digits, closer towards the 20% range is what we see. And with the adoption of molecular Cdiff methods, it's still well under 50% across the market. So you've got significant overall health care issues that's happening across, particularly in the U.S. with a continued upgrade from what is very clearly documented as a -- going from an inferior method to a superior method going from EIA to molecular technology. MRSA, I described as a bit more mature. You're seeing that growing more in the very high-single digits to very low-double digits. For MRSA as a marketplace, as people have -- that's been -- the conversion from culture to molecular has been going on for quite a bit longer period of time, and we described that as a bit more mature. The combination of the 2 though, of course, we still see HAI as a very attractive market. On your point regarding reimbursement and kind of value-based purchasing going forward, certainly, we have always recognized that there's going to be increased incentives for hospitals to reduce HAIs, and we've been positioning ourselves for that, not only through expansion of our portfolio, but we've been very involved in helping to influence those guidelines and the laws that have been passed in several states around mandatory screening, et cetera. So overall, the market access and market development around HAIs, including influencing the rules around future payment structures, et cetera, is an area that we remain very active in.
Tom Polen: Yes, very good. So appreciate the feedback on ACTMED [ph]. The -- so I would say, as you saw, KIESTRA is going very well, and it's performing at our expectations. Mass spec is a very exciting new technology that's, of course, really allowing identification of organisms to occur in minutes rather than in hours. You may have seen at ACTMED [ph], we did a joint press release with Bruker. We have entered into an OEM agreement with Bruker on a BD-branded MALDI-TOF, which is going to be -- we'll sell that as a standalone and connected in with our Phoenix AST solution. We have launched an AST on our Phoenix, so that customers can do the ID on mass spec, AST on our Phoenix and connect all of those results to our informatics platform called EpiCenter. We're also in the process of integrating that Bruker MALDI-TOF OEM that we've done in line with our KIESTRA system to be able to fully automate that moving forward. And you probably saw we actually were sharing the early prototype versions of that we're demonstrating at the convention that you're at.
Tom Polen: I think you summarized it very well. If anything, I would say Cdiff is a bit more concentrated in the U.S., where the adoption of molecular is more widespread. Europe is much further behind in the adoption curve. U.S. is 3x to 4x ahead in the adoption curve, I'd say, at least of Cdiff than really most other geographies around the world, so...
Tom Polen: Well, we placed quite a number of BD MAXs in Asia. We have not necessarily entered into China with BD MAX yet. But more of the mature geographies in Asia, particularly ANZ, Singapore, et cetera. We're seeing strong adoption of BD MAX. They have existing HAI screening programs in those markets, and we also see very positive feedback on our future menu in those geographies as well.
William A. Kozy: This is Bill. Just to give you some color, we have just slightly improved performance in the sorters and the high-end analyzers. And if you thought back to last year and remember some of our reports, that was a weak spot. So we've seen that stabilize a little bit, and we're getting some steady single-digit growth in that area. And then, of course, our new instrument, Acurri, continues to contribute very nicely. So the combination of some improvement in the high end and the steady ongoing performance in Acurri is kind of the story on instruments.
William A. Kozy: Just at a general level, if you remember where we were managing a couple of years ago, we now have changed our price management systems across all 6 of the worldwide business units. We've got the fundamental things in place now that pricing passed those contract approval processes. I think we've gotten a lot more rigorous in the way we manage our price. As Vince mentioned, the environment is still tough. But there's a much greater -- there's basically a diligence process on our major contract management process in all 6 of the business units, and I think that's probably been an important factor. In addition, the new marketing capability and the company being led by our CMO, Nabil Shabshab, is really driving value propositions to a next level across, again, all of our acute care businesses, which is where our price pressure has been mostly concentrated. So I'd say it's the combination of those 2 managerial initiatives that have probably had the most visible impact, from our perspective, on how we think about managing our price more effectively.
William A. Kozy: This is Bill. Most of the countries at this point are still in their final stages of transposing that directive to the localized country legislation. And as you know, that's supposed to become effective May 11. There is a little bit of a variance across the countries in terms of capability to be ready by mid-May. You've got some people that are very far along. Examples would be Austria, Finland, France, Germany and Ireland. You've got a few people who are lagging. I'm less certain this would be the countries in southern Italy. And Denmark and Czech Republic are a little different. In terms of where we're sitting right now, and of course, we're just trying to get a handle on today, we see the European safety market about 53%, 55% converted on infusion therapy, maybe about 10% to 13% on injection and about 42% to 45% on our blood collection products. Those are the real key drivers. We've also got an early-stage entry in diabetes right now, and that safety market is about 10% converted. Now we've seen our revenues growing at about 9.5% or so year-to-date on Safety. We expect that number to kind of continue itself. We don't see anything dramatic happening suddenly in the second half of the year, but we do expect that high-single digit growth to continue, hopefully over the next several quarters.
