Vince Forlenza: Talking about Western Europe, let's focus on this year. Western Europe, the issue in Western Europe is really one of utilization and some rationing of healthcare by the government in Western Europe. And it's not the same across all of the countries. Some countries are more severe than others. But we expect well, Western Europe grew about 1 to 2 percentage points in the first half of the year, and we expect it to be around 2% for the total year. So it's kind of a consistent trend we see in the last 2 quarters. Our expectations were a little higher for Western Europe going into this year, but we see the situation as stable. We are seeing progress in safety and in fact, safety grew 7% in Western Europe. As we also mentioned on the call, we're seeing higher safety growth in emerging markets, and Gary can comment on that. Biosciences had a good quarter as well in Europe. So we're lighter than we thought in Western Europe, primarily due to the environmental factors. We expect to get a little bit better in the second half of the year. In terms of the longer-term guidance, we're in the middle of our strategic planning process. So I'm not going to get into what we see in the out years right now. I would rather give you an all-in answer based on our latest strategic planning, which has started but will continue for the next couple of months and come back to that with a more informed answer. But let me ask Gary to just comment on safety for a minute.
Vince Forlenza: So we just agree [ph] to the forecast a little bit on the back half of the year in Europe. So thank you very much.
Vince Forlenza: So I can't break it out, but there's not big differences between the U.S. and the other developed markets. In terms of utilization in the United States, we're indicating pretty much a stable situation. On the lab testing side, we really haven't seen much of a change. I think Tom commented that the lab volumes were around 1% up somewhere there for general testing, and that's where they have been from our perspective. We haven't seen much change in doctors’ visits or anything, so we're really looking at a pretty much a stable business. In the U.S., we had good Diabetes Care performance. We had good Pharm Systems performance, which helped our Medical business and Diagnostics. Our Infectious Disease business did well. You might recall that last year was a very light flu season. We had a bit of a flu season this year. So a little bit of a tailwind there. But as we mentioned that TriPath was a little soft because the intervals but GenOhm did very, very well. And then lastly, Biosciences and maybe I'll ask Bill Rhodes to comment on Biosciences in the U.S. because I think they have an excellent quarter.
Vince Forlenza: Well, we said that pricing is less than 1% for the company. And the way you think about that is that in some of the more mature product lines and you'll see it more on the device side, you're going to see more pressure because you've got more and more competition. And you see that in Europe with its tender system, but you also see some of that in the United States as well. Where we have differentiated products, and I'll give an example, like the launch of the Nano Pen Needle, where we had some great clinical data. The customer feedback is fantastic, you can actually go out on a premium. So that's kind of the breakout Biosciences with the new technology we tend to see less theirs as well.
Vince Forlenza: Well, I don't think we're going to think about it running it for cash. We think we have growth opportunities. And as new things come to our pipeline, we think they're not just U.S. opportunities or emerging market opportunities. We think we're going to have opportunities in Europe with them as well. Gary has been very proactive in addressing some of these issues. Even as we were entering into this year. We reorganized Europe and changed the organizational model and took some costs out. But at the same time, knowing some of these things that we're working on such as the women's health and cancer, we're investing in some policy work. We still think that there's an opportunity for safety in Europe even though we're talking a lot about how fast the emerging market piece is picking up, and all of that's true. But to grow in Europe and increase the growth rate as we come out with the GenOhm products, which you're starting to get traction. It's not just the product it's the market development efforts. So it's not just the cost basis in Europe, which as I said we are attacking, it's also some market development efforts.
Vince Forlenza: No, we didn't but I'll be happy to provide that. For the full year, we're anticipating our gross margins to be at the bottom end of our guided range, it's about 52.2%. And really, currency will be neutral for the full year. And performance will be slightly positive about 30 basis points. So that takes us from about 51.9% last year to 52% to this year. True, underlying performance is increasing about 70 basis points. We also have favorable comparisons because of the improvements we're making on the ReLoCo program, and that's being muted a bit by the resin and pension as well as Japan is hurting our margins. So the key takeaway there is the underlying performance is actually doing really, really well. And it's some of these one-off things that are muting at this year and that's where we're getting the 30 basis point improvement year-over-year.
Vince Forlenza: Yes, this is Vince. As Bill mentioned, as the leader of Flow Cytometry, this was a natural move for us into a new segment of Flow Cytometry that was developing. So it's a smaller market today. The reason we see that it's not just the price point on this instrument and the performance. Bill's group has done some interesting strategic planning work that shows other applications from other areas of science that appear to be potential application areas for us with this new instrument. So as the technology leader in this space, we have to be there. And I think that's what Bill was talking about. As we see genomics and other things starting to bud up with Flow Cytometry to create new value. Now in terms of capital small acquisition like this it's not something that returns capital in the three years, but in the first three years. But certainly it's setting us up for enlarging the Flow Cytometry market significantly and bringing new capability. That's the way we're thinking about it.
Vince Forlenza: No, it's not materially different. When we look at our operating margins in those areas, in emerging markets versus developed, well, they're basically the same. And so we've been able to sell value and do it very effectively.
Vince Forlenza: So Gary can comment on those issues both the competition in emerging markets, and we don't get into the details of our sourcing. But, Gary, maybe you want to throw your comments there.
Vince Forlenza: No. We're still seeing that OB/GYN business were down. I think Tom said earlier in the call around 4%. So not much change.
Vince Forlenza: You're welcome. So I believe we have no more questions. I want to thank everyone for their questions today. We are pleased to report a strong quarter. We look forward to updating you at the end of next quarter. Thank you very, very much.
Gary Cohen: Yes. And maybe also, I'll add a little more color on Western Europe because we thought there would be some questions about it. And probably it's not any surprise to anyone that economic environment in Western Europe is constrained relative to other areas of the world. And we grew around 2.5% in the quarter in Western Europe, and we're projecting to grow a little under 2% for the balance of the year. There's not much of a pandemic or stimulus impact there. So that's pretty much the same FX neutral or adjusted. So more or less, our outlook for the rest of the year in Western Europe relative to the quarter is similar or slightly more conservative than what we had in the quarter. When you look by country in Western Europe, it's really concentrated just in a few countries. France is one of them, and that has been impacted more by Pharm Systems [Pharmaceutical Systems] because all of our Pharm System sales in Western Europe are recorded in France because that's where we ship from, and not because of the headquarters of the global Pharm Systems business. In Greece, our sales this year are down by half because we made a delivery decision to go from a direct to a distributor distribution model to reduce collection risks in Greece. So that was a delivery decision anticipated from the start of the year. And in Nordic, our sales are a little bit light. But the other countries in Western Europe were growing at a low to mid-single digit rate, which is pretty much what we would expect given the economic environment there. And as Vince mentioned, safety sales are growing about 7% they did in the second quarter. That's pretty much our outlook for the rest of the year in Western Europe, and that's quite a bit above the underlying base growth rates, so we are getting good contribution from safety. And then the other side of the international story is that emerging markets are growing really solid. As Vince mentioned, we had about 13% growth in the second quarter. That's pretty consistent with our outlook for the year in emerging markets, and we're getting very strong safety growth. As have been mentioned during the formal comments, emerging markets safety in total is basically going to be around the same level as Western European safety for the year in absolute dollar terms, and we're expecting mid-20% growth over the balance of the year. So essentially what we're seeing is an economic impact in Western Europe, which is being more than offset by this strong growth we're getting in emerging markets, reflecting the diversity of our sales around the world.
Gary Cohen: And in general, this is Gary again. From the standpoint of focus and experience, that educational element, the collaborative element of working with government's international agencies we're deeply experienced in those areas. It's a particular area of sense of purpose for the company to collaborate on addressing to help the needs of the society, not just to try to push product or technology into the country. And we've been doing that for over a decade in the infectious disease area and those same type of principles are being applied to non-communicable diseases, which also aligns the trends that are happening globally. The UN's got a major summit on non-communicable diseases in September. These are all areas we're involved with as a trusted partner.
Gary Cohen: Sure, this is Gary. First, in terms of where we manufacture, we manufacture safety devices, safety engineering devices in many different plants around the world. U.S., Singapore, Europe, Brazil and China. So we have a fairly diverse portfolio of manufacturing locations and it varies by business unit. It varies by device type. Many of those are global sourcing facilities or at least regional in some cases. They are specific to the country, again, depending on the device. In terms of competition, I would say in general we're keeping a very close eye on emerging market competition. We see local manufacturers strengthening over time. Was really two things that are happening. The lower quality manufacturers we expect will drop by the wayside over time and there will be consolidation among manufacturers towards the leading manufacturers in emerging markets. And there's a few -- there's one that's particularly strong in China. There's one that strong in India. We, as part of our efforts around projects such as ReLoCo and given how close we were working in the emerging markets, we set our sights as being competitive on every aspect. On cost, certainly on quality. And we tend to be differentiated in our institutional knowledge that we bring to the market in terms of training to upgrade Medical practice. That's actually harder to copy than the products themselves because based on many decades of knowledge that also comes from us having been the underlying pioneers in most of these categories. So as we look at competition in emerging markets, we look at it from a total perspective of both product, price, quality but also of our ability to bring necessary knowledge into the market, which is very much valued by the customers and government that we're working within those markets. And we seek to be competitive in all segments. So today, a lot of our business in emerging countries is in the top-tier hospitals. But our strategy taking us into mid-tier or lower-tier hospitals over the coming years also to be fully competitive with where the local competitors tend to be stronger, which is in the lower-tier hospitals. So I hope that give some color to the questions. Something we watch very closely and we anticipate that they'll continue to emerge. But BD's gone a long time being very effective at low cost, high quality and innovation around these core device categories.
David Elkins: Yes. I mean, that's exactly what we're doing. I think that we had some headwinds of about 30 to 40 basis points on resins. We'd also had some headwinds of about 20 basis points from the pension. And actually, ReLoCo year-over-year is favorable. So the reason why it's only about 30 basis points from a performance perspective, as I was talking about, we do have some -- the operational efficiencies are starting to deliver, as well as the favorable comps that we had. So we're really excited about the underlying operation efficiency programs, and they are helping to offset the higher resins cost. From a guidance perspective, we're looking at resins. As we said, it's about 3 months before that comes through. So we have a pretty good view of where resins will be for the remainder of the year. And we're assuming that oil will be slightly over $100 a barrel for the remainder of the year.
David Elkins: Yes, there's just a couple of things. If you think about it from an EPS perspective, the underlying performance is up about $0.05. What we're happening to absorb on the bottom line is Japan's about $0.05 for the full year, as well as resins being about another $0.05. So that's around $0.10 that we're absorbing. And remember, through our operational efficiency programs, we're able to offset the lowering of the top line guidance because the operational efficiency gains were actually getting into business. So to really just summarize for the full year from a guidance perspective, we're really incorporating impacts of Japan and the higher resin costs. And that's why the underlying EPS is around the bottom end of the range around 10%.
David Elkins: So I don't think we have to be more aggressive in stepping up R&D. I think we're making excellent progress on our R&D programs, and I think you will see in the short run that moderation of the spending and it will come in at about 10%. And we'll continue to aggressively fund R&D as I look forward, but in line with the step ups that we've been doing. On the acquisition side, our acquisition strategy hasn't really changed. We're still looking for things that are strategically complementary to where we are today generally plug-in acquisitions. We're being very systematic. We're looking at all three of our businesses areas for new opportunities, and I think we're developing an increasing business development capability. So it's something from a capability standpoint, we will be working on over the next couple of years, and acquisitions will continue to be part of our strategies as we move forward.
David Elkins: I think the two things we're most excited about, as Vince highlighted, are the new product launches that we have. I mean the underlying performance the Biosciences business has been phenomenal and with the number of launches that we have going there, the BD MAX platform and the opportunities we see from expanding the menu there is very exciting for us. And as we talked about with the emerging markets as Gary highlighted, as well as Bill Kozy highlighted for the Medical business, I'd say that those are some of the areas that we're very, very excited about. And then lastly, as Vince talked about on the last call, it's our operational efficiencies, our ability to get these shared services centers up and running to takeout overhead costs so that we can continue invest in these new opportunities. It's what's enabling us to move forward and why we're excited about business.
David Elkins: I don't see us going back below 6% of revenue. Again, we did have some big clinical trials. But I would also expect as some of the things come through the pipeline some of the longer-term things that we're working on, we're going to see some significant clinical trials for those as well. So I think if you use 6% around that number or maybe a little tiny bit above that, you'd be in good shape.
David Elkins: Well, Larry, I think the first thing is we continue to see, as you know, significant volatility in the currencies. And just the change in the currencies from Q1 to this quarter's pretty significant. I think the notable thing this quarter about the dollar's weakness is really wasn't the euro that was driving the currency improvement. It was a lot of the other currencies, particularly Japan, Brazil, Australia and Canada. So it's those other currencies that we have exposure to. I think it's the dollar's weakness versus those currencies that really had driven it. As far as any longer-term comment, I think it's anyone's guess, there's a lot of moving variables, particularly see what Bernanke says later today. But I think there's too many variables to make any kind of comment right now on where we think exchange rates are going to go longer term.
David Elkins: No, cash flow remains strong and we're holding our $1.9 billion for the full year from a guidance perspective. So cash flow is right in line with our expectations.
David Elkins: We continue to evaluate that. It's not just the resin costs as you rightfully pointed out, it's also other commodity costs that are currently increasing. And that's why our efficiency programs are so important and also some of the things that we're doing on the greening of BD and trying to get these resin cost out of our products is another thing. So our reliance on the use of these commodity type products were looking to decrease do that. But as you know, Jon, traditionally as we look at prices as we launch new products, that's where we look to get the premium for the better product that's out there. But we'll continue to evaluate that and keep you guys updated.
David Elkins: So first on the tax rate Vinit. What we're seeing is from a guidance perspective, it's going to be at the low end of the range that we originally provided. So it's going to be about 27%. So we'll see some improvements there, particularly from our mix of business and a lot of that's driven, particularly if you think about the dollar and its weakness, we're not a curse we have more profits coming from lower tax jurisdictions. So we'll get some benefit from our mix of business so that's why around 27%. As far as the SG&A, there's no real change in our guidance from an SG&A perspective. We continue to invest in the emerging markets, and we got these product launches so we want to make sure we put the resources behind that and we're making very good progress on the G&A side of things with our shared services, as well as our Functional Transformation that we have going on to take cost out there. So that's enabling us to invest in those growth drivers.
David Elkins: The operating margins overall we're guiding in that 22.7% to 22.9% range. So really hasn't changed that dramatically.
David Elkins: I think the story there is again we're being hit by things that are impacting our operating margins. The resins, Japan, those are all negative pressures this year. And we've overcome that with our efficiency programs that we've put in place.
David Elkins: Well, I think there's a couple of things that we talked about on previous calls. One is that this is the year where we're getting to the breakeven point on our ReLoCo programs, and we'll start to see benefits next year and in particular, fully in 2013. As we also talked about from a pension perspective, we're hopeful where interest rates are going that that'll stop being a drag as we go forward on the business. And those are probably the two biggest items. Also the last one is our SAP implementation. The big go live for us is next year in North America. So we still have another year of investment in that in '12. So the operating leverage is more towards the 2013 as we start some investments occurring as we go into next year.
Tom Polen: Amit, this is Tom Polen. So in molecular, I'd really break that into 2 areas. Our GeneOhm business, we saw a very strong growth both internationally and in the U.S. As Vince had mentioned, we're up 22% for the quarter in GeneOhm, driven both by double-digit growth in both MRSA and Cdiff testing there. Our GC/CT Molecular business, the Viper and the ProbeTec was up 4.5% globally driven by solid performance primarily in the U.S. As we think about internationally, certainly we saw particularly as Gary had reflected in Safety, we saw very, very strong growth in the developing markets, in the Diagnostic Systems business, particularly in our TriPath women's health business, as well as in our infectious disease core Microbiology business.
Tom Polen: We're not seeing any specific increase in overall patient test volumes, but I would say we are seeing an increase in some sub segments of testing volume such as screening for MRSA and Cdiff. We see that segment of the market continuing to grow, particularly as it converts from traditional methods over to molecular diagnostic methods.
Tom Polen: So from a -- overall, both the diagnostic systems and the PAS business, we see overall lab testing volumes relatively flat year-on-year, in the second quarter and...
Tom Polen: So women's health, we specifically track OB/GYN and overall Pap volumes. We see those in the U.S. down about 4%. We saw our U.S. TriPath business consumables were down about 2% for the quarter driven by that overall trend. And that overall trend of 4% down on overall Pap testing is really driven by a change that was made last year in the recommended testing intervals for women for Pap testing. And as I mentioned earlier, internationally, we see very strong double-digit growth for cervical cancer screening, particularly in the developing markets. And that's bringing overall TriPath globally to about 5.5% for the quarter.
Tom Polen: Dave, this is Tom Polen. So I'd say specifically what we're seeing is in many of particularly the developing markets, what we're seeing is a transition from traditional Pap testing to the liquid-based cytology technology, which of course, is what we offer in TriPath. And we certainly are investing from a channel and market development perspective to help drive that growth. So it's primarily a technology shift through an improved method for doing cervical cancer screening. I'd say the other thing that we also see is particularly in areas of Asia-Pacific, to a lesser extent, in Europe and Latin America, increasing focus of maybe the government on expanding the screening programs for women to help improve the early diagnosis of cervical cancer.
Tom Polen: I'd just add one of the governments that is really leading in that, that's forefront very aggressively expanding cervical cancer screening is Japan. And we see very strong performance there in that market.
Tom Polen: Certainly, in several of those markets, Japan being a good example, we do see ourselves taking a lead in helping to develop those markets. And we are, from a category position perspective, we certainly see that we're gaining, gaining ground in the developing world.
Tom Polen: This is Tom Polen. So I'd say we certainly continue to see hospitals and states recognize that MRSA and Cdiff are significant issues. And particularly, I'd say more recently we're seeing growing Cdiff is growing at a faster rate than MRSA. That's really been on the radar of healthcare practitioners. I'd say it from a broader macro market trends and what we see happening already and look forward to seeing in the future is. But at this point, we do see 11 states have already passed comprehensive HAI prevention laws, including mandates for targeted screening. We've got another 31 states that mandate HAI reporting, and there's at least 5 states that are in active discussion to mandate screening. The other thing that you may have seen, which isn't impacting essentially the quarter but we see it as a positive sign moving forward is earlier this week, CMS did come out and recommend to implement pay for reporting metrics in 2015 for MRSA and Cdiff. And that recommendation is part of the federal pay for reporting and value-based purchasing program. We certainly think this recommended performance incentives for hospitals to reduce HAI is a very positive move. And should that proposal be accepted, we expect that hospitals will need to scale up for MRSA and Cdiff reporting in 2013. So of course, we also see us well-timed with the launch of our MAX platform.
Tom Polen: This is Tom Polen. Good question, Brian. So we certainly see this interval change went to affect last year. And as you look at OB/GYN office visits and even Pap testing last year, you saw more significant declines last year from that interval change. So more in the 10% to 15% depending on the quarter of comparison last year. So we're actually seeing the slope now start to come to a smoother level as that interval changes. It's now getting into a full year of its cycle impact.
Tom Polen: So we have not reduced investments in the U.S. in our TriPath business. So we do see that this interval shift is something which is happening now but will stabilize in the future. Internationally, we are significantly investing in our channel in those markets, but it's not coming for specifically within the TriPath portion of the Diagnostic business. As we think about shift in category position over time, we really look forward to our SurePath Plus product, which is in clinical studies, which we really see as a breakthrough technology that offers potentially significant improvements in sensitivity for detecting cervical cancers. That is that product continues to progress to our expectations in clinical trials, and we're on track to launch that in FY '13.
Tom Polen: We wouldn't breakout specifically MRSA or Cdiff independently. But we again, we see both having strong double-digit growth in the quarter.
William Rhodes: Thanks, Vince. Kim, this is Bill Rhodes. Yes, we had a good performance in the U.S. In terms of utilization, we saw our clinical reagent sales do quite well. And of course, the bulk of our products through Cell Analysis are in the research markets and doing quite well with that. So the opportunity last quarter and the opportunity going forward in the U.S. frankly is continues to be and is quite good.
William Rhodes: Bill, and it's Bill Rhodes. Glad you asked. The personal Flow Cytometry space, the best way to put color around it in terms of market opportunity is really to talk about we're developing the market. Accuri was a leader in that. So the way we look at it is how many people around the world and how many laboratories can we move that technology into? And as Vince said in the introduction, there are hundreds of thousands of people and laboratories around the world. So we see that as great opportunity. It makes Flow Cytometry affordable. It's a powerful tool. There are 70,000 or so life sciences researchers now who are accessing core laboratories in order to do that type of work, who now have an opportunity to do that within their own labs, and then there are hundreds of thousands of others. So we obviously see this as a very substantial market that we're developing around the world. And it also makes it affordable for emerging markets where Flow Cytometry can be used but has not before been affordable. In terms of the desk top sorter. . .
William Rhodes: I'm sorry. In terms of competitors, there are certainly other companies that are in this space or trying to be in this space with relatively lower cost instruments and technology. Although to be perfectly frank, Accuri was the leader and remained the leader at the time we acquired them in being at a price point and technology capability that we think is excellent from around the world. The other companies that are involved are companies like Millipore, through Guava, Partech, which is a small company in Germany and several others. You'll probably note that we've talked about this, Bill, that Life-Tech has a product called the Attune. There are a variety of companies that see this as an opportunity area with the leaders in Flow Cytometry around the world, so we see this as our space. So but then moving onto the desk top sorter. Again, it's personal Flow Cytometry for cell sorting making it available to the world.
William Rhodes: I'm sorry, it was Peter? Bill Rhodes. So remember, of course, the Biosciences is not only our Flow business but includes our advanced Bioprocessing business as well as Discovery Labware. So moving -- and there are opportunities in our flow business to address new markets that are contiguous with flow. What I'll answer is that our Advance Bioprocessing business is releasing two products. Has in fact, released one and is releasing a second product this year, which is really to provide reagents to support pharma and biotech companies. And within [ph] we're looking at cell therapy enablement, that's one of the more exciting areas for growth.
