Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide 4. At BD, our strategy is driven by our purpose: Advancing the world of health. As we stated in our press release, our strong performance this quarter demonstrates that our strategy is working. As I take a step back, I'm extremely proud of what our organization has been able to do so far. This is our second quarter together with Bard. And not only are we delivering on our financial commitments, but we have also demonstrated how nimble we can be as an organization, while executing concurrently on two transformational acquisitions. Our core remains strong, and we are getting positive customer feedback and traction with our expanded portfolio and complete solutions, further solidifying our leadership position in Medtech. As I look ahead, I'm increasingly confident that we will continue to deliver even more impactful comprehensive solutions for our customers. Turning now to slide 5 and our third quarter highlights. We're very pleased with our continued strong performance as the new BD. In our third fiscal quarter – our second quarter as a combined company – revenue growth was driven by mid-single digit performance across the Medical, Life Sciences, and Interventional segments. As we expected, third quarter margins were strong. Margin expansion was driven by the achievement of operational efficiencies and continuous improvement, coupled with the positive impact of cost synergies. We're also pleased with the progress the integration teams are making. In June, we brought together the new BD leadership team for our strategic planning process. And it was exciting to see our organizations come together as one to discuss our innovation agenda and how our combined solutions can make an even bigger difference in the lives of patients around the world. Our executive team includes a diverse mix of leaders from both legacy organizations, as well as the broader Medtech and Pharma industry. Yesterday, we appointed Simon Campion as President of our Interventional segment, effective September 4. Simon is a proven leader with deep global experience, a demonstrated focus on results, and unique insight and breadth across the industry and the Interventional segment, having been part of three of the four legacy Bard businesses. For the past five years, Simon has led the Surgery business, formally the Davol division, and we're confident he's well-suited to drive the segment's innovation agenda and ensure we deliver our integration related revenue and cost synergies. We also recently appointed John DeFord as Chief Technology Officer to lead all BD R&D initiatives for the company and Betty Larson as our Chief Human Resource Officer to advance our organizational culture, capabilities, and talent agenda for the new BD. Simon, John, and Betty join Sam Khichi on our management team. Sam is also a legacy Bard leader and has been our General Counsel since the close of the acquisition. Linda Tharby has moved into an important new commercial role focused on improving the customer experience across all of BD. Beyond these leadership appointments, we are also making progress with our portfolio. In early July, we were excited to announce the acquisition of TVA Medical, a privately held company that develops minimally invasive vascular access solutions for patients with end stage renal disease, or ESRD, requiring hemodialysis. As many of you already know, this was our first tuck-in product acquisition since the Bard transaction. The addition of TVA Medical very much aligns with our M&A strategy and focus on innovations that meet clinical needs, deliver value to health systems, and improve patient lives. Also while we're on the topic of new product innovation, we were delighted to see last week that the U.S. House of Representatives voted to permanently repeal the medical device tax. The Senate vote is expected later this year. The continuation of this relief is extremely important to BD as well as the patients, providers, and research communities we serve. In summary, we're very pleased with our year-to-date performance. We continue to be impressed with the underlying momentum in both the BD and Bard businesses and anticipate an acceleration in the fourth quarter. And as a result, we are raising our fiscal 2018 revenue guidance. We are narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance, as we were already anticipating a very strong EPS growth in the fourth quarter. and we expect our increased revenue outlook will be offset by a reduced benefit from foreign currency, along with some other items which Chris will discuss later in his comments. We remain confident in our plan for the new BD and are committed to achieving our fiscal 2018 and 2019 accretion targets. So now I'll turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our third quarter financial performance and our fiscal year 2018 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure. So I'd start out by saying, I'm very confident in our next quarter number. And yes, there were some things in this quarter, some timing issues in this quarter that did affect us. And I'll point them out to you. So number one of course was in the Surgery business, where you've got Progel in that comparison costing us about 25 basis points. Then we have about 25 basis points of Pharm Systems timing. We expect Pharm Systems to be very strong in the fourth quarter. And we expect in the Surgery business that you're going to see an acceleration in the Surgery business also in the fourth quarter. There was a little bit of kind of channel dynamics going on there in terms of the hurricane and what not. We see that reversing itself in the fourth quarter. And then timing of diabetes tenders, so that's about another 10 basis points. So if you do the math on all of that, you're basically at about a 6%, maybe 6.1% underlying. So we actually feel better about this quarter than you would look at it at first pass. But moving on to the next quarter, we feel quite good across all three of the businesses. First, the pipeline that we're seeing in MMS, and strength in both the Pyxis product line, drug administration, and of course on the pump side, too. I mentioned in my remarks the first advancement on the pump side in 10 years. And I mentioned that we're seeing very strong adoption there. Feeling good about that business. I think on the Life Science side, I mentioned BD MAX but also Kiestra is – we're going to see strong growth in Kiestra in the fourth quarter. So we got really good visibility. And then you saw Biosciences doing quite well, expect that continuation. So if I go through each one of the businesses, we're looking good across all three segments. So I feel very good about kind of this guidance that we're giving you at going beyond the top end of the range. Chris has got a couple of other comments he'd like.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, I think you've got to look at 2018 and how we're doing across the entire company. It's very difficult for me to point to anything specifically. I think I just walked through good momentum across all three of the segments at the top line. That's the way I'm thinking about that. From a demand side, if I think about it from a regional standpoint, I think all the regions are doing well, whether it's Asia. We haven't talked about China yet, but China had a good quarter. Asia has done well. Latin America is doing well. Europe is strong. You're seeing strong momentum in both, in the developed markets. So it's difficult for me to call out anything in particular at this point in time. I'll refine that obviously when we get to our guidance. But I think you should look at the strength this year and use that as the basis.
Vincent A. Forlenza: It gives us a very balanced global network with a lot of manufacturing in the U.S. but very balanced around the globe.
Vincent A. Forlenza: The only other thing I would add is that we have piloted the vascular access value proposition in a few accounts. And the response from the accounts has been excellent. We just saw that in the last couple of weeks. So we think we're on the right track here.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And so two sites. So from a patient standpoint, this is extremely important. So as Tom was saying, we agree with you that this is a real opportunity to convert the current procedures.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. And so I would say it was very much where we expected it to be. So kind of if you backed up underlying Bard and underlying BD, we're very much in line with historical trends. China I think was around – all-in, around 13% or so. And the BD and Bard pieces were pretty much in line with what we expected. For me, the big bounce back has been in EMA year to date doing quite well. And then very good growth in Latin America. So I would say that from a revenue synergy standpoint, we're really in very, very early days. We're only two quarters into this, just training folks on that. So you're not seeing the revenue synergy piece of that yet. That's to come. Now the one place we're moving ahead that's not Emerging Markets, as Tom mentioned of course, is in Europe. We do have the sales force now in place on the Surgery side of things. So just getting started there basically this quarter. So more to come next year on revenue synergies.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So and going towards type 1 would make no sense, as Tom said, with the features that we have. And that's key actually to the regulatory strategy that we have, that this is focused on type 2 patients. But longer term, think about this as maybe with other drugs for the home, not in the short run, but that's where there's possible market expansion. We're already talking to pharma companies about that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. Sure. So number one, we are focused on debt reduction and meeting our commitment to get down to three times. And so – and we're on track to so far. So we're feeling good about that. But as we did our modeling and our planning, we didn't make allowance for tuck-in acquisitions. And just as we did under CareFusion, we did a few of them. When we tightened the screening and said, they have to be must-dos strategically. And of course we always have rigid criteria. But you should expect that we will continue to do plug-in acquisitions. But also at the same time meet those deleveraging goals. And that's on track so far.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Well, these are smaller transactions. You saw at TVA is kind of, they got the technology developed, they got an FDA approval. It wasn't a science project. It was a complete product. And in the Interventional segment, you see a lot of that. If you look back over our history, you saw us buying companies that were in the $50 million range. That sort of stuff. Smaller things is generally what we are talking about. A good example is FlowJo, a small software company. It enhances the growth rate. It's another single like Chris was saying. But really rounded out our solutions portfolio over there. Those kind of things is what we're talking about here.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. That's a good question. I think the interesting thing is that I don't think there has been any significant surprises in terms of when we step back and look at the fundamental assumptions that we had driving the acquisition, starting on the strategy side and how these things fit together. And then on the financial side, if there's been an upside it is how similar the cultures have been and how quickly the teams have come together. I'm delighted, as I mentioned in my remarks, to have several members now on my leadership team out of Bard. Not that I didn't think they were great people ahead of time. But the way this has come together, as I mentioned, from a cultural standpoint has been really good. So that has been fine. I think the differences between CareFusion and this one, CareFusion was put together through acquisition. It had a bunch of different cultures. And so we had to integrate a bunch of different cultures. And then you were integrating actually a bunch of different businesses. With Bard, it's one culture. Those run very decentralized. And so the integration challenge, the complexity in that integration challenge comes from the differences in the business units and the business systems across them. And of course, so that's just a different way of having opportunity and getting at the opportunities across the two businesses. But pretty much, that's it. Very happy with the way the integration is going. And thanks for the question.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yes. Thank you very much for your participation. Just some final comments. As you saw in the quarter, the core BD performance is very strong and we see acceleration in the fourth quarter. I just mentioned that the Bard integration, the synergy capture, the base business performance is also right on track. Very, very happy about that. This year has been a very challenging year because of the amount of things that we have had on our plate. Integrating two businesses, as I said. We're in great shape on CareFusion, pretty much done with that. The Bard piece is going well. But of course we threw on top of that the hurricane and having to deal with that across both organizations. And I'm really proud of the way people have stepped up to those challenges. And at the end of the day, this is an organization that's come together quite nicely, that's working extremely hard to meet our own expectations and your expectations. So thank you very much.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. The only thing I would add is that Pharm Systems and MMS, MMS grew 8.3% this quarter. But we expect both Pharm Systems and MMS to be double digits in the fourth quarter. And I would correct one thing, David, that you said. By our math, the fourth quarter implication is over 7% to get to our guidance range. So we feel really good about the revenue and the acceleration into the fourth quarter and the guidance range that we've put out.
Christopher R. Reidy: I would just add as well that if you looked at things on a legacy basis, legacy Bard, our full year guidance would imply about 7% growth. And legacy BD nearly 6% growth, and that's at the high end of the range as we would've anticipated. So good momentum.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. I would just add that we do obviously have a little bit of a headwind from the flu, because that was such a strong season for us. But we also have a little bit of a tailwind compare from the hurricane, which is a little bit smaller than that headwind, but roughly offset one another.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So you're absolutely right. We are delivering on the first piece of the margin improvement. Really the deal model assumptions that we laid out don't change. And so we're right in line with that, we're executing on that and delivering in 2018. And we would expect 2019 to be in line, as you laid that out. So that 500 basis points of improvement is what we had laid out. And we're delivering on that. If you look at the results this year, we were getting some benefit from FX. But it was above and beyond. So we delivered 410 basis points this quarter, for example, 340 basis points underlying and the rest coming from FX. So that's kind of like the icing on the cake was the FX piece. Going forward, obviously, we won't get that tailwind from FX. We'll have to watch the dollar, the euro, and some other currencies to see. So it might be a slight headwind going forward. We'll see how that plays out.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. So just to be specific on that. In the fourth quarter, we got about $0.01 of impact from the tariffs as enacted now. And that's typically some electronic parts particularly related to our MMS and Biosciences businesses. So really de minimis, but about $0.01. That annualizes next year, so I think $0.04 next year or thereabouts, but not particularly meaningful. As it relates now, if you look at the next set of rounds, I think it's about the same. And we'll see if that happens at all. And they – constantly changing, so we'll watch that. But not particularly significant.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. I think we feel really good about the way we're exiting the year. But I think there is some timing that we talked about that shows up in the fourth quarter. So it's early to be talking about next year at this point. But we feel like we're going in with strong momentum and executing on the range that we talked about at the time of the deal model. So more to come.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So we obviously get a nice lift from the mix with the Bard gross margins. And so that's about 300 basis points this particular quarter. For example, we had 100 basis points of improvement from synergies. And that was partially offset by headwinds from raw materials, about 30 bps, mostly resins, and pricing was about 20 bps thereabouts.
Christopher R. Reidy: So I'll go with the tax rate first, and then I'll pass it over to Tom. It's still a little bit early on the tax synergies. And the reason for that, first of all, it's complicated. But it's, secondly, complicated by tax reform. And so there's a lot of folks that are helping us dive through that as we speak. So more to come in the future on that. I think we feel good about where the tax rate is now. We're looking at the low end of our range, so in that 17% kind of range of – the original range we gave was 17% to 19%. So we're looking pretty good from that standpoint. The one other point that I'd remind people is you do get a bit of a grow over next year, because of the tax on foreign earnings from tax reform kicks in next year. So we're getting a little benefit this year. And it erodes a little bit next year. But we're pretty confident that we can offset that. So just something to think about. And Tom.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. And, Robbie, this is Chris. I would add when you think about Emerging Markets growth, I would say Bard adds about 2% to Emerging Markets, which is in line with what we would've expected.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So I would say that it's pretty much in line with what we expected. We went into this year, we mentioned we expected to see pressure. And we're seeing a little bit of pressure, so tens of basis points. And it's pretty consistent. We're taking some price in certain areas as you know. And in other areas we're bringing the pricing down. So not unlike what we've been doing over the last few years, and we've been holding that fairly steady. So it's very consistent with where we were. And as it relates to tariffs, it's very small for us. So we don't see any implication on pricing at this point.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. I feel really good about the fact that we're at 4.2 times already and also did very a very exciting acquisition like TVA and were able to do both. And it goes back to what Vince said, as we had planned to leave some room, because we knew we didn't want to be out of the tuck-in acquisition business. And so we were able to accomplish both.
Christopher R. Reidy: Just remember the old adage that this is a company built on singles. And so just keep that in perspective.
Thomas Polen: Hey, good morning, David. This is Tom. So we feel very good about the overall core Bard business growth. So as you saw, we had 5.1%, or 5.7% excluding Progel...
Thomas Polen: ...for the overall segment, which is right in line with the overall guidance we've given for the year, the 5.5% to 6.5%, and we're 6.1% year to date. So right in the middle of the range. Again, we feel good about that. Obviously quite strong performance out of the Peripheral Interventional (sic) [Intervention] (36:35) business. We continue to see well north of 25% growth in DCBs, driven by that AV fistula launch that we've been talking about. Oncology also doing extremely well. On the Urology/Critical Care side, we see very good growth, 5.6% for the quarter, which is quite strong for that business, driven really by the global acute Urology portfolio, as well as some timing on the temperature management business. But overall, that's been doing very well as well. And then obviously on Surgery as Vince mentioned, it was a 1.7% in the quarter, or a 3.5% excluding Progel. And we expect some rebound to that as we go into Q4 with some timing as people had kind of balanced inventory pickup in the prior quarter with this quarter, as they're stabilizing post-hurricane. But we expect that to start really stabilizing on a go forward basis as we go into Q4.
Thomas Polen: Just one other thing to consider is we've had a very systematic strategy over the last couple years to migrate manufacturing for China in China. And so today over 50% of the BD Medical products that we sell in China are manufactured in China. That obviously is a (43:51) to the tariff. We've been doing that now in the Life Science. We've been very purposely moving products into China for China there. And we're now, as part of our integration work with Bard, we got a number of products already started under way to transition manufacturing again for China in China. So we see that as probably a position that we're maybe more advantaged than other companies within the sector that position us well from a tariff perspective.
Thomas Polen: Yeah. Hi, Larry. This is Tom. So we do continue to expect revenue synergies are going to be measurable starting in FY 2019 and larger than the CareFusion revenue synergies as we've shared in the past. More to come on specifically what those dollars are. I think we've always hinted that that would come as we give FY 2019 revenue guidance. And we expect that that's still the exact timing that we're on. But maybe the other things I could add is we've shared already that we're investing about $15 million this year towards revenue synergies. Most of that falling in SSG&A expenses as we're ramping up our efforts in a few areas, and those are around vascular access. So driving synergies across that broadened portfolio of PICCs, mid-lines, and catheters. And then that other major area is in Surgery, particularly the U.S. and Europe, where there was opportunities to double down the channel to leverage the biosurgery and the infection prevention platform. So those investments are rolling out. Actually Q3 was kind of the peak of those investments. Q4 will continue at a similar rate and then continue to roll into 2020. But we are seeing positive momentum.
Thomas Polen: So, Larry, this is Tom on BTK and TVA. So BTK is right on track with what we had shared historically. We are right now finishing the six-month follow-up and preparing the submission of the PMA in Q1 of 2019. That's 100% on track. And we expect to be able to talk about the BTK data, just as we've shared before probably at the beginning of the calendar year in some scientific forums. On TVA, I think you're 100% right on. We're really excited about that technology. If you've seen the current methods for creating a fistula and the invasiveness of the surgery versus the minimally invasive nature and what that looks like and the time to having a mature fistula, it's a radical difference versus the current state of care. And so that gives us really the – what we think is going to be an early lead in minimally invasive vascular access solutions for patients with end-stage renal disease. It's really a disruptive innovation that we do think presents a significant opportunity for BD PI [Peripheral Intervention] and is really going to just further add to our full range of solutions for supporting IV access for patients undergoing hemodialysis.
Thomas Polen: Okay. Okay. Robbie. This is Tom. So for Swatch, we continue to be very excited about the potential of that product. And we continue to make good progress. We are progressing our clinical trials as we had shared in the past, including the – we've just completed the analysis of an in-human insulin fusion trial. And that went exactly to plan for us. It was very positive response from patients on its ease of use and overall performance. So right now we're actually preparing to start-up our next in-home safety trial, again using insulin. And we're making good progress overall, gearing up our manufacturing. We've moved that to our Ireland location, where that's going to be the permanent manufacturing location. And we're building our commercial plans at this point in time. So it has been designed specifically for type 2 patients, both from a feature set and extreme ease-of-use. Right? What really differentiates this product from other types of patch pumps we think are the extreme simplicity of the user interface on the digital side and on the hardware side. And so that we've designed to not necessarily have all the bells and whistles that someone with type 1 would want, but that's also allowed us to have a cost position that is very specifically targeted for type 2 patients. So think about a cost position that's much more at parity with pen therapy than a significant premium that's typically associated with pump therapy. And that's one of the core value propositions that we hear a lot of excitement from payers on as well. So...
Thomas Polen: Yeah. I would just add so we do have of course our Pharmaceutical Systems business, which does take devices from other business units and applies them for other disease states by selling those to other pharma companies. And so we have signed our first deals on a B2B basis with that product. And we think there's more opportunities there ahead. So we really see an opportunity to leverage the platform, not only through our Diabetes Care business, but also through our Pharmaceutical Systems business unit, where we have relationships with essentially all of the top pharma companies.
Thomas Polen: Yeah, Doug, this is Tom. So yes, we would over time certainly look at CGM being integrated into the algorithms and collaborating with those types of organizations. Yes.
Thomas Polen: Hey, Bill. This is Tom. So I don't think we certainly are giving any guidance by product line by quarter. But we would expect – obviously it's a new market that we're going to have to develop. And we think it'll over time become a meaningful contributor to the Peripheral Intervention business. But we don't comment much more than that by product line.
