Christopher DelOrefice: Let me -- maybe why don't we first start just with a quick comment on the Alaris, which we'll do one upfront and then I can walk you through the 2023.
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes. And so I'll build on some of the comments that we made in the opening comments. So first, as we think of 2023, we certainly know there's still a lot of uncertainty that remains in the marketplace. We actually wanted to try and get some context because we know there's questions out there. One, obviously, we have significantly strong growth profile in '22, right? Our guide would apply on an organic basis about 8.25% growth when you strip out Parata.  So folks, we knew there was questions about how you're going to cycle over that growth? Can you still deliver at your 5.5% plus? In addition to that, we knew there was sort of the open question as it related to COVID testing? And how do you think of that dynamic? And what it may do in terms of your earnings profile? So I think with that as a backdrop, we wanted to just reaffirm. We're extremely confident in our 5.5% plus growth profile that we outlined. Actually, I think an interesting way to think of that is if you do kind of 2-year math, it would imply a growth rate of about 7% '22 to '23.  So any way you look at that, it's a really strong base growth profile. We do see the impact of COVID-only testing dropping significantly as we said. We're planning for roughly $25 million kind of this quarter based on what we said and kind of see that more as a more normalized run rate. Obviously, if there's upside to that, it provides that embedded hedge to our portfolio that we've always talked about. So that will be a headwind that gets contemplated. With that said, you see the power of our capital allocation strategy going to work. We're pleased to announce the closing of the Parata acquisition. So that will be an offsetting element against the COVID-only revenue. That is not part of the 5.5% plus. So you think that the 5.5% plus as pure organic. We always said we're not reliant on the onetime lift from tuck-in M&A. And when we do benefit as part of that strategy is the organic lift we get as we cycle and anniversary those acquisitions. And then from an earnings profile, we're committed to the double-digit base adjusted EPS earnings growth. I think importantly though, the most important thing that we share, despite that, kind of COVID-only headwind, we think we can get right about a double-digit adjusted EPS growth profile as well on an all-in basis given the strength of the business, and we'll continue to drive margin improvement into next year.  All of that, obviously, we always think and talk about guidance on an FX-neutral basis. So it doesn't contemplate the currency that we've been talking about. That will impact every company. We're not different in that regard. I can try and help give you a little bit of context, obviously, as we set the year. But one simple way to think about it is euro is the predominant currency that has changed and impacted BD certainly.  If you look at the change from '21 to '22 where currently we've talked about a $425 million headwind, the percentage change in the euro from '21 to '22 is exactly the same as the current average rate we're planning in '22 to the current spot rate at 1 02, which would imply basically a similar kind of year-over-year headwind on currency. I think you're going to do some sort of margin drop-through on that. For BD, the margin tends to drop through at a lower rate given mix of business and other dynamics. With that said, I do think it's important to think of underlying as the most important metric on an FX-neutral basis, right? We're still generating that local cash. We have a very efficient cash allocation model, and we'll be able to put that cash to work. So all in all, I think with where we are with '22, it's a great year. We're on track to finish out a very strong year. And I think you can see based on what we share, we feel confident having momentum going into 2023.
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes, just to confirm, the 5.5% plus does not include Parata. Our commitment that we outlined in Investor Day, again, you always run the business on an operational basis and think of operational commitments. So both a double-digit commitment on base revenues and then what we just shared here despite the COVID only grow over, given the drop in COVID-only revenue, we're confident in right about a double-digit growth profile on an all-in basis as well, which is a great signal on the strength of our total business and the continued momentum we have as it relates to margin improvement that we've committed to as well. If you remember, we committed to about 25% through the 2025 period. We shared that last quarter.  As it relates to FX, again, this is going to apply to any company. Actually, we've been absorbing currency this year, but those commitments we make are always on an FX-neutral basis. You will have to adjust for revenue, and there will be some translational drop-through on that, that would have to be contemplated as you think of the final growth rate. But we need to wait and see where FX lands.  But again, that's not different from anyone, and it doesn't impact your -- it's certainly not reflective of your underlying business. And it doesn't impact the underlying cash that you've earned locally. And we have a capital deployment model that we'll continue to put that to work to continue to drive our strategy as it relates to tuck-in M&A and other things. So we're feeling really good about that growth profile.  Regarding free cash flow, there's been a -- there's really 3 big dynamics. We remain extremely focused on cash. Remember, there's a few ways to look at us. One, we committed to a net leverage ratio of around 2.5x. We're right at 2.7x now. We've been executing on our M&A strategy. So you can see we're putting that at work. We paid down debt as well, consistent with what we shared as part of the embecta spin. So we continue to execute against our capital allocation strategy. In addition to that, on the strength of the business and a disciplined approach we've applied to the balance sheet and how we're navigating that, we did get 2 debt rating upgrades this past quarter. So that was great to see. There are some differences in cash flow. The biggest difference is really just the year-over-year nuances as it relates to COVID-only testing and losing the higher base on COVID-only testing. There was also we also funded the pension. You can see that in the Q.  And then the third thing that we talked about as well is the one trade-off we've made intentionally is investing in inventory. And there's about a $400 million investment we're making there that I would call outsized inventory levels, driven by 3 factors. One of the most critical ones, of course, is procuring strategic components, raw materials, et cetera, to enable the strong growth profile. As you can imagine, there's still long lead times. We have a very efficient supply chain. And a lot of our product is spending time not in the plants, but rather on the water, so to speak, getting to customers. So we've made that investment.  And you do have -- everyone will have inflation kind of flow-through inventory as well. So we're not different in that regard as well. That explains the free cash flow. We remain very focused on that. We're going to continue to look at inventory. But in the short term, I think it's a prudent trade-off and is an enabler to these strong results.
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. So first, as it relates to this year, the margin has played out exactly as planned. As a matter of fact, year-to-date, we're sitting at basically 80% of our full year goal, that 250 basis points where we actually increased our margin improvement more to account for, call it, an accounting dynamic and reclass of line related to employee benefits. But we remain well on track.  We did explain at this quarter as it relates to GP specifically, would be the low watermark as you think of timing dynamics, in particular, the outsized inflation that started at the beginning of the year, how that rolls through inventory. And then from the time we started the year, things have only gotten a lot more complex. Inflation increased and supply chain complexity increased, which also increased things such as transportation, et cetera.  So as we've come into the year, just to maybe give you a little bit of context on margin, there's probably been about 100 basis points of -- to our P&L as it relates to outsized inflation above what we contemplated coming into the year given the additional complexity. It's about a 50% increase from what we originally planned. Despite all that, we're still holding our margin commitment for the year, which is really strong.  As you think of the components this year, and I share that because it will play into next year as well, our volume leverage we talked about coming into the year was supposed to be about 100 basis points. Given the strong revenue growth profile, we've done stronger there. That's been part of navigating the outsized inflation on the other end that I just articulated.  And then really beyond that, it's been cost improvement programs that we've dug into and enhanced. We've also been delivering our portfolio actions. There's multiple components to that one. Given the strong growth profile, right, we've been able to be more aggressive with navigating portfolio mix and simplifying our portfolio. We have price management as part of that, that we're fully executing against, which is a very strong. And then the third component to navigate this year has really been, again, on the strong growth profile, the leverage we're experiencing in operating margin and selling and G&A.  So as you think of '23, it's going to be all those same levers. You don't navigate this complexity doing just one thing. We certainly -- with another strong growth profile, we'd expect leverage in terms of volume flowing through our plants. We'll continue to drive a strong CIP agenda. We'll start to get more benefit from the SKU rationalization program as part of Project RECODE we talked about. You'll start getting early benefit from some of the architecture simplification work we also talked about. And you'll certainly continue to get more leverage on the operating margin with the strong growth profile on sales and G&A. In addition to that, we've always talked about kind of the simplification principle beyond just supply chain. And we're looking to also drive simplification through all of our functions. So that will also help. So we continue to build an inventory of things that we're doing that give us confidence as we move into '23. And then, again, maybe just a reminder for everyone, our goal is to get to about 25% by 2025. It implies roughly 100 basis points per year after 2022.  And if you think of that, kind of normally, you would probably just do that on a ratable basis. I think you can anticipate 2023 under-indexing that 100 basis points given you're going to have the rollover of this outsized inflation. And then on the back end, towards '25, you'll get more of the full benefits from Project RECODE. And we also talked about the leverage you get from Alaris coming back.  So those things will give you a slight lift in, call it, '24, '25. And '23 will probably slightly under-indexed versus kind of that 100 basis points equally, but it will still improve year-over-year.
Christopher DelOrefice: Yes. I think as it relates to kind of sharing any specifics on a number, we wouldn't do that for sure. I think we laid out the framework that's pretty clear. We did say that we, of course, look and are aware of kind of external thinking and the time coming into this print, it seemed reasonable knowing that folks would not have contemplated the carryover on currency. Anyway, that's -- I don't think there's much more to add there. I would just go back to, again, the commitment on the 5.5% plus growth profile, double-digit adjusted EPS growth on the base and even having confidence of right around double-digit growth, adjusting for the drop-down of the COVID-only testing.
Christopher DelOrefice: Just one other frame for everyone because I know you're all navigating. Things have changed a lot from the start of the year to where we are. And when you think of that through the lens of BD, there's really been 2 key things that have changed, one kind of a macro factor, right? When we started our initial guide and talked about what the year would be like we were contemplating pretty significant outsized inflation.  As the year progressed, whether it be the conflict in Ukraine and Russia, the COVID China shutdown, the complexity only grew. Inflation grew, as I noted earlier on the call. And the supply chain complexity increased. So again, about a 50% increase on what we originally contemplated about a 100 basis point headwind.  Then when you think of what's happened from BD. Our initial guide, when you kind of restate everything for embecta, we were at 6%. We're sitting here at 9% at the midpoint, right? That's 300 basis points or about $0.5 billion. So with more complexity, we've actually strengthened our growth profile and overcome all of those headwinds. And then I know there's a lot of puts and takes quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, there was also on the revenue side. Outsized COVID testing, we benefited from. That took our number up $300 million. But when you look at the EPS drop-through, it was north of $0.60 from the beginning of the year, inclusive of absorbing FX headwinds. And when you look at that then and think of what we've done from a margin standpoint, we've delivered exactly what we can actually slightly above our commitment. So we absorbed $100 million -- 100 basis points of headwind on the cost side, delivered outside performance as we've headed through the year on top line and fully held our margin commitment both on the base and EPS.  So I know there's lots of puts and takes as you go through the quarter. Even tax as an example, when you restate our guide for the initial tax, it would have been 13% to 14% ex embecta. We're now 13.5% to 14%. So we know we had some onetime timing items in this quarter, but we're actually absorbing tax pressure as well in those numbers. So you'll have a Q4 true-up, of course, given the timing here. But we're not even benefiting there as you think of kind of updating.  So it's been a very strong year. We're really proud of what everyone has done, our 75,000 employees navigating the complexity during this time and feel good about the momentum we have going into next year.
Thomas Polen: Larry, this is Tom. Thanks for the good questions. So first off, just overall on '23, as you heard from Chris, we feel really good about our overall position for '23. And obviously, Chris gave some very specific color on that today. It is still early though, and we're not going to get into any specific product assumptions today. We'll click down into that level on our regular Q4 guidance call.  But specific to Alaris, really no change to what we've shared before. Alaris remains our #1 priority. We're confident in the resources that we've invested in our submission and the team and the leadership that we have working on this. And we're focused on making sure that we get all the information to the FDA that's required to get clearance on that product. And so no change from that as -- again, as we think about the Q4 and guide for '23, we'll share more, but we're not going to get any product line details at this time.
Thomas Polen: And Vijay, this is Tom. Just to add to Chris' comment on that. We view that increase in the inventory levels impact on cash flow. We call it transitory in nature. That's a strategic investment. But as we see supply chain stabilize, we can back off on that additional inventory. As shipping times, transit times, get back to a more normalized level, right, it's going to be more than a month additional nowadays. To get product, let's say, from Asia to the U.S., right, as that normalizes, that will naturally pull back inventory levels as well. And so we see that just as a temporary investment to help navigate the very dynamic circumstance that exists today. But we already have the plans on starting to pull that down as we look ahead.
Thomas Polen: I'll take that, Robbie. So just as we think about inflation, and Chris hit a lot of the things that we do to offset that pricing just being one and the last thing that we look at. We put an inflation task force in well over a year ago, recognizing what we saw was going to be inflation this year, and we expect to continue to be inflation in '23. And so just to make that clear, we've done a ton looking at and taking action around improving our own internal continuous improvement within our plants, restructuring our organization, getting costs out within that, looking at our supply chain and how we get costs out there and taking action, and we're seeing those things come through. It's helping our margin.  And we are -- as part of that, where we can offset those internally, we do pass on pricing. We do expect to continue to drive very large significant actions within BD to offset inflation as we look ahead. But we'll continue also where we can't fully offset that to continue to pass that through in price. And we do that in all markets around the world and across all business areas.
Thomas Polen: And Travis, on your comment around what changed as we went through the year. I think very similar to what probably every business around the world and particularly in the U.S. would have seen we recognized and we took the position very early on well over a year ago, again, that there was going to be no company that escapes inflation and no company that escapes supply chain challenges, and we've been taking action to that extent. Those challenges, labor became more expensive as you went through the year, right, particularly in areas, like manufacturing, where there were shortages and you had to pay more to get talent to run plants. Think about as you saw low watermarks for unemployment, trying to staff, for example, overnight shift. When now there's tons of jobs for people to work day shift, having to change that in all of our plants, which we pretty much run most of our plants 24/7. Shipping continued to increase as we went through the year, and you saw that as well. Things like power significantly, as you can imagine, we use tons of power in our manufacturing plants running large presses, et cetera. Those costs went up as well.  And so those were general inflationary pressures that you saw across the country, very much in line with inflation continued to go up as we went through the year just versus everyone's expectations, and that certainly we didn't escape any business. And so what was maybe starting the year towards that 150, 200 basis point headwind ended up being more of a 250 or so as Chris mentioned.  And again, we are really pleased with the team's work to overcome all of that and still deliver on our expectations that we set at the beginning of the year. I think that really speaks to the power of the strategic planning that the team has done, the strong execution and the foresight to make investments in areas like the strategic inventory builds that we did and navigate a very challenging environment.
Thomas Polen: And just to clarify, great question. We're expecting China, and I think this is really impressive and reflects on the strength of our China team, to still deliver right around double-digit growth this year despite the Shanghai shutdown. And even despite the Shanghai shutdown, we delivered -- we still delivered growth this quarter in China, which I think is an exceptional achievement of our team there. And to reflect on how dynamic of a year there's been for them to still be on track to deliver right around double-digit growth for this full year, again, really reflects a lot of great planning and execution on behalf of our China team.  Why don't I turn it to Simon and Dave to make some colors on utilization kind of on the procedure side and then what we're seeing in the lab side. So we'll start with Simon.
Thomas Polen: Great. And maybe just to give just a couple of other statistics that we look at, at a macro level and utilization. As we think about Q3 and what we saw versus last year in the U.S. acute care sector, the average trend we saw over -- was about 100% of pre-COVID levels in Q3. That was up just a little bit versus Q2, where we were at -- we saw 98% to 99% of pre-COVID level, so it went up a tick in Q3.  In the non-acute sector, we saw Q3 rates in the non-acute sector, we're slightly over 100% versus pre-COVID, which was also similar to what we saw in the prior quarter of Q2. And then as mentioned, we do see sequential improvements continue to occur as we look ahead.  We do see in certain areas impacts of labor shortages certainly impacting certain procedures. I think the procedures that tend to be in BDI business are less impacted by them. It can be more acute in nature, let's say, putting in a fistula for someone to get dialysis that really becomes a prioritized procedure or getting your vasculature open to prevent an amputation of your leg as another example where that's a priority procedure.  And at the same time as well, David mentioned a lot of fantastic automation solutions in the Life Science sector, but we have the same in BD Medical. And I think a great example of that is the Parata Solution. And if anything, that's become more attractive since we've acquired that. That is the answer to pharmacy labor shortages, and, it is the answer to higher labor costs. It automates routine tasks that can be done by robots and software. And we're seeing really strong demand on that herein as its early days in our hands. So we're really excited to have that as part of BD.
Thomas Polen: Thanks for the good question, Rick. So I just -- I'm going to step back a little bit as we think about our portfolio strategy. And as you mentioned, we've been very active in executing our portfolio strategy, shifting BD into those higher-growth spaces, those 3 transformative solution spaces that you've heard us talk so much about, a smart connected care enabling new care settings and improving outcomes in patients with chronic disease, all high-growth markets that are reshaping the future of health care and where BD will be at the forefront of.  And so some of those portfolio actions that we've been doing over the last couple of years include the spin-off embecta. It also includes 19 tuck-in acquisitions over the last few years. And these are all going very well. I think that's important to also hover up and look at. You heard Chris discuss that those that have already anniversary-ed are adding 30 basis points to our underlying growth today because they're doing well. They're in high-growth markets and they're driving BD's growth rate up. Of course, the spin-off embecta also adds to that growth further.  90% of the M&A that we've done to date, of those 19 deals, 90% of it of the spend has been in transformative solutions spaces, those higher-growth spaces that are reshaping our pipeline. And so as we look ahead, we're certainly going to continue to be very disciplined and focused on executing tuck-in M&A in line with our strategy. And that's doing M&A that's strategically aligned in advancing our leadership and expanding our position in those prioritized high-growth transformative solution spaces that I talked about. Those are deals that are accretive and meet rigorous financial metrics that we have. We've walked away from a lot of deals that don't meet those metrics. We're going to stay disciplined to that. And we're proud of we walk away from that perspective.  And then finally, where we see significant leverage and synergies, and I think that's been a hallmark of all the deals that we've done. They've been able to leverage whether or not it's BD global presence, strong BD commercial channels, strong BD manufacturing or procurement capabilities, to add more value as part of BD than they could stand alone. And that's a core principle that we're going to continue to execute against.  So we certainly have a robust funnel. As we look ahead, we're obviously, in the very near term, very focused on the Parata acquisition execution and making sure that, that's a success. I know, again, we really very much welcome the Parata team to BD. And I know they're excited to be here, and we're seeing really strong early momentum with us having come together. If anything, I would just say expect to probably see a focus on more Parata-cized deals in the future, still very much tuck-in, but along that size versus smaller ones. So and again, we're very active in our funnel management from that perspective. We do see -- we certainly see whether or not in the environment before we've been very active in M&A., we still see many opportunities as we look ahead. Thanks for the question, Rick.
Thomas Polen: Okay. Well, I'm going to keep this very brief. It was a great discussion. Thank all of you for the very good questions. We wish you a great rest of the day and a wonderful summer. Thank you.
Travis Steed: Great quarter. I did want to put a finer point on '23 [indiscernible] margin around [indiscernible]...
Travis Steed: Okay. Sure. Sorry about that. So just put a finer point on some of the FY '23 comments. I was getting around $12 in earnings for FY '23, just to make sure that's the right ballpark. And on the 100 basis points inflation versus prior expectations, talk a little bit about what's changed there. And to think through like the total inflation impact you're absorbing this year, is that closer to 150 to 200 basis points, $400 million to $500 million? Just trying to think about if there is some relief what the opportunity could be on that front.
Travis Steed: No, that's great. And maybe just one follow-up on the overall hospital environment. You just talk about utilization trends, hospital staffing, capital spending and also the China recovery. Does China return to double-digit growth in FY '23.
