Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Monique and good morning everyone. Before we discuss the company's performance in the quarter, I would like to comment briefly on the organizational changes, Monique just mentioned. We are happy to name Alberto Mas to the open role of segment president for Medical. Alberto has had an exemplary career with BD making significant lasting contributions in roles spanning the businesses, regions and functions over more than 25 years. We're confident Alberto is the right leader to continue to advance the Medical segment strategy and lead the segment in its next phase of growth. We also look forward to having Patrick Kaltenbach on board as the segment president for Life Sciences to continue to advance our strategy of becoming a transformative partner from discovery to diagnosis. Attracting an industry leader of Patrick's caliber to BD highlights our commitment to the strategy we have for our Life Sciences segment, the progress we've made and the tremendous opportunities that lie ahead. While we take time to confirm the right successor, we are also pleased to have appointed Bill Tozzi as interim segment president for Interventional. With Bill's deep integration experience and the strong segment leadership team continuing to drive the business forward, we're confident we will maintain the Interventional segment momentum. I would also like to thank John Groetelaars for his contribution to Bard. I know that everyone at BD wishes him much success in the next chapter of his career. We are confident our new segment leadership team has the experience, capabilities and drive necessary to continue to execute on our strategy and our transformation into a bigger, better and bolder BD. Now turning to slide 4. This quarter marks an important milestone in BD's history as it is the first time reporting our results as the new BD, which combines the BD and Bard businesses generating over $4 billion in revenues in the quarter. We are committed to providing our customers and their patients with leading medical technologies and innovative solutions that improve the treatment of disease for patients and the process of care for health care providers. We are confident we have the team in place to execute on our strategy and we remain on track to achieve our fiscal 2018 and 2019 accretion commitments. Turning to slide 5 and our second quarter highlights. Our results this quarter clearly demonstrate our early progress as the new BD. Revenue performance exceeded our expectations and was driven by strong growth across all three segments as well as the impact of the flu season. Our results reflect continued momentum, both in BD's core and the Bard businesses. On a legacy basis, Bard revenue grew 8.5% in the second quarter. The integration of Bard is also off to a strong start. We are executing against our detailed plans and have begun to realize our year one cost synergies as expected. In addition, at the end of the second quarter, we reached the one-year anniversary of the U.S. dispensing change. We are proud to be the only company that has been able to execute this business model change within one year and transform our customers' experience. This important initiative was received very positively by our customers and has laid the groundwork for us to execute upon our medication management strategy going forward. In April, we divested our remaining interest in the Vyaire Medical joint venture. As we shared with you at the time of creating the joint venture, the respiratory business was not core to BD's strategy. Our year-to-date performance along with our current outlook gives us confidence to raise our fiscal 2018 revenue guidance to the high-end of our prior range. On the bottom line, we are increasing our fiscal 2018 EPS guidance as a result of more favorable foreign currency. We are maintaining our currency neutral EPS growth expectations, as slight headwinds in the second half of the year from the Vyaire divestiture, some anticipated incremental clinical trial expenses in our pre-analytical systems business and increased material costs are expected to offset our increased revenue outlook. Chris will provide more details on this later in the presentation. In summary, we're very pleased with our performance and are confident in our outlook as we move forward as the new BD. I will now turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our second quarter fiscal performance and our fiscal year 2018 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, Chris. Moving on to slide 19, as we have been discussing with you, our integration of CareFusion is largely complete and we are on track to achieve our cost and revenue synergy commitments. At the same time, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are making excellent progress with Bard. Our organizational design and integration plan are in place and we are pivoting from planning to execution. As previously communicated, our initial focus is on public company costs and procurement savings. We have already begun to realize some of those savings and we have comprehensive work streams in place with assigned accountability for the future realization of operational cost synergies. We have also begun our investment in revenue synergies that we discussed with you last quarter. We have started hiring salespeople in Europe for our Biosurgery and ChloraPrep platforms and also have started cross-training our strategic account management group. We look forward share updates with you as we make additional progress across our initiatives. Turning to slide 20 and our planned product launches by segment, let's start with our Medical segment. Our new BD HealthSight platform for enterprise medication management that was introduced at the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists meeting in December is being well received by our customers. This new platform offers a unique combination of connective technologies, analytics and expert services to help close the communication gap across disparate solutions and drive a safer, more efficient medication management process. In our Life Sciences segment, as anticipated, we continue the targeted expansion of our BD MAX menu and are starting to gain traction in the EU with our Enteric Viral Panel that we launched at the end of the second quarter. In addition, as expected, we received FDA approval of our BD Onclarity HPV assay which further differentiates our women's health offering. The BD Onclarity HPV assay detects and identifies HPV genotypes that put women at high risk for cervical cancer and provides information to guide physician decision-making. Moving on to the Interventional segment. As we discussed last quarter, our new low-profile 5Fr. ProSeries Life Stent platform that launched in the EU mid-year 2017, received FDA approval in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. In the second quarter, we launched this new platform in the U.S. as expected. This new stent family provides the lowest profile, longest lengths and broadest indications for any peripheral arterial stent. In mesh fixation, we launched a new resorbable-tack fixation device named OptiFix Open. This new family is designed to aid in open hernia repair and will deliver resorbable tacks through a curved distal tip. And in Urology and Critical Care, we recently launched our new Magic3 GO Male intermittent catheter family. This new product incorporates our proprietary silicon technology of the Magic3 family with our new low friction coating technology that doesn't require the use of a water sachet or the need to lubricate the catheter prior to use. As you can see, we have a very rich pipeline of new products across our businesses, and we look forward to sharing additional updates with you along the way. Before I move on, I would like to remind you that we have again included a slide in the appendix of today's presentation that provides an update on our sustainability initiatives. We hope you find the information useful in understanding BD's commitment to this important topic. Moving on to slide 21. I would like to reiterate the key messages from our presentation today. Our strong performance reflects our early progress as the new BD and the momentum across both the BD and Bard businesses. The integration of Bard is also off to a strong start. We remain committed to achieving our cost synergy commitments and have begun our investment in revenue synergies. We increased our revenue and EPS guidance as a result of our strong year-to-date performance and our expectation for continued momentum over the second half of the year. In summary, we are very pleased with our performance and are confident in our outlook for fiscal year 2018 and beyond as we move forward as the new BD. Before we open the call for questions, we'd like to take a moment to congratulate Mike Weinstein on his retirement from JPMorgan. Mike is an influential thought leader and has made a significant impact on shaping the sell-side coverage of the med tech industry. Mike, we wish you all the best in the future and hope that our paths will cross again. And, Robbie, we look forward to working with you. So thank you, and we will now open the call to questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, we see momentum continuing in the back half of the year. The only change I really see from momentum standpoint is really the flu, as you just mentioned. But we're feeling very good across all three segments. And we raised the Life Sciences guidance, but we think that we're going to see good momentum in the other two segments as well towards the upper end of the range.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And this is Vince. So in addition to that, as I mentioned in my remarks, we've started to work on the revenue synergies. And so we're doing the detailed account planning in the U.S., we've got the key account group involved in that, so that's off to an excellent start. And then in Europe, in the Surgery business, we started to build out the sales force for that area for both ChloraPrep and Biosurgery. So those are the two real short-term initiatives.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, I'm very excited to have him coming on board May 29, and I think he brings a broad view and a very deep view of the industry. I think what's attracted him is the programs that we have that are ongoing, both on, I'll call it the Life Sciences research side broadly and the opportunities we have around BD Biosciences, and we've been talking to you about some of them, the different markets that we can take flow into, including cell therapy, single-cell genomics. And he brings really in-depth knowledge of, I'll call them, companion spaces for you. Also for him, I think, which is exciting is the opportunities we have on the diagnostics side of the business and how we can drive that. So what you should expect is that it will be about implementation around those opportunities in the short run, and then creating a more expansive strategy as we move forward.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. I think if you look at this growth, it's a good model. It's balanced growth across all three segments is the way I would sum it up. Thanks for the questions, Brian.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, I think we feel good about fiscal 2019. There are some additional share gains going on even in our core business, if you look at MDS, certainly in the hypodermic area we have also been taking share. We continue to do really well with our flush product line. So it goes back to the question that was just asked, I'd come back to that answer which is, across the portfolio, across all three segments we're feeling good with the product launches that we have just started with that we've been talking about today, but also the products that are coming behind them. So we continue to expect in line with the way we have been talking over the last 12 to 18 months in terms of good momentum from both the BD core and the Bard core, so across all three segments.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. We don't think it's going to take all that long. We're talking maybe a couple of months, something like that from a process standpoint. It is likely to be internal, and you certainly want someone who has a background in devices who will understand the business quickly, the differences in the business model, but who also understands BD. And we think we have some excellent candidates.
Vincent A. Forlenza: And, Rick, the other piece of spending in the quarter was really in the PAS business. We mentioned that in the first half was some manufacturing issue. In the second half, we're doing some clinical trial work to resolve the warning letter. So it's a one-year spend is the way to think about that.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Rick, from a tariff standpoint, we don't think it's – from an overall basis, it's going to be material. We do make our flu test in China and import it into the U.S. That's not that big a business that's going to have a big impact on the company. Needles and syringes are on that list, but we don't do that, so that's not an issue. We do buy some material from China. Once again, we think we can cover that. So we're looking at it as manageable if it stays the way it is now.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So from an Amazon perspective, I'll take that, this is Vince. We continue to have conversations with Amazon and it's kind of unclear what they want to do. Of course they just announced about 10 days ago or so that they were not going to move ahead on the drug side, we do not have – they've tried a few things in the acute-care marketplace, it doesn't look like they're moving ahead there anytime soon either. So we continue to see if there's some ways for us to work with them, but right now I would say there's not much happening in that space. On the retail pharmacy side of things, we continue to grow our Rowa automation business, and that business is growing double digits. We're excited about that, that growth of course is being driven by international, and we're excited about that product line.
Vincent A. Forlenza: So thank you very much for your questions. Just to sum up here, we are proud of our strong performance across the board, all three segments as we discussed. We're very pleased to have raised guidance our first quarter as a combined company with Bard. And lastly the integration has been going smoothly and we look forward to updating you throughout the year. So thanks very much. Have a great day.
Thomas E. Polen: Yeah. Hi, David. So I think as you saw strong performance across all three of the Bard businesses, Peripheral Intervention, Surgery, and Urology/Critical Care driven by a lot of new product launches in each of those areas. As we think about the back half of the year as you noted, we do expect growth in the back half to continue strong, and we're very confident in our full year range. We did benefit from some timing in the first half, some orders in temperature management in Urology. And we're going to begin to lap several key product launches in the back half, specifically the Lutonix AV and LIFESTREAM covered stent in the back half. So we may see the back half slightly lower than the first half, but that's just due to that timing topic and the lapping those key product launches. But very solidly within the range, feel very confident about that.
Thomas E. Polen: Yeah, hi, Larry. This is Tom. So first on the PICCs and midlines, we continue to see very strong growth in both of those platforms, particularly ex-U.S. in line with prior performance. I'd say we're seeing some very early positive signs of the opportunity and vision that we had set out to be able to offer customers a more integrated vascular access solutions, combining not only short-term peripheral access with our peripheral catheters but also with the longer-term value that PICCs and midlines offer in terms of longer-dwell catheterization. And so we're seeing our commercial teams in the U.S., ex-U.S., begin putting those value propositions together, beginning to have discussions with customers and we're hearing very positive receptivity there. So we're quite excited about the future and the opportunities with that combined portfolio. On a Progel perspective, we're making good progress on the relaunch, and we expect relaunch at the end of calendar year 2018.
Thomas E. Polen: Bob, and this is Tom. Just a note. I think one of the things that, as Vince mentioned, we're going to be relatively quick in that over the next couple of months. And in that time, because we have extremely strong leadership teams in each of the individual businesses that are continuing to run those which gives us confidence to – and actually the luxury, particularly with Bill stepping in as the Interim President, to take the time to make sure we appoint the right leader there.
Thomas E. Polen: Hey, Doug. This is Tom. So we have begun cost training some of our team members in the U.S. specifically. We expect that will continue through, though, the end of the fiscal year, and so we expect both U.S. and European teams to be cross-trained going into FY19. The training really ramps up in the June/July timeframe is our expectation there. So I think it's too early to say you're not seeing the results in this quarter of that combined opportunity, again, as I mentioned, we're seeing very positive feedback from customers, it's intuitive in many ways of course, in the future we'll have the same people talking about peripheral catheters and PICCs and midlines and being able to holistically work with the customer to get the best solution for the patient, right? Often there are questions on what device should I use? And we'll be in a position to be the leader in helping our customers figure that out the right way that's best clinically and economically appropriate for them. So I think more to come in terms of seeing the revenue impact, but we're hearing very good feedback overall and we're confident in our ability to get good value there.
Thomas E. Polen: Hi, Jaime, this is Tom. So as we announced earlier, we did complete enrollment in this past January and we anticipate completing six months follow up and submission of the PMA to the FDA in Q1 of FY19. So all that remains 100% on track.
Thomas E. Polen: And we continue to have – this is Tom, we continue to have very strong relationships. Obviously on diabetes, we'll look to expand those as we launch Swatch (01:07:01) in the future and we certainly recognize as that marketplace evolves, could be increasing opportunities for us in a number of other ways. Veritor is another product platform, our point-of-care infectious disease platform which is widely used within the retail pharmacies today. And again opportunities as people look to shift care there in greater ways we'd look to partner with those institutions to help do that, so.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure, Isaac. So as we have said before, the initial focus on synergies is the public company costs, which are pretty much behind us, as well as then the initial procurement savings, and that's typically the first bucket of synergy savings that you get. I talk about this kind of as three separate buckets of $300 million, think about it as $100 million, $100 million, $100 million. In the current year we'll get something like – because it's only three quarters – $70 million to $80 million and then you can think about it as ratable over the next two years. But in the third year, let's say, that's when you start getting your manufacturing and operational synergies. They take a little bit longer to plan, so that's why it takes that long. And then in the second bucket, in the second year, you can think about getting some of the process kind of improvements, things like shared service centers, integration of IT and the like, and the integration of functions. That's kind of a general sense of how to think about that.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, so I'll take that last one first on the tax rate. Our guidance is 17% to 19%. You saw the 16.9% quarter. I think you can expect the tax rate to be at the low end – very low end of our guidance range. And then gross profit, we were thrilled with the gross profit performance in the second quarter, 340 basis points expansion versus the prior year and right in line with where we expect it to be. We do expect the gross profit to continue to accelerate in the back half, as you expect – as you mentioned. And there's a couple of things driving that. We have the anniversary-ing of the U.S. dispensing headwind which sometimes gets lost in terms of the impact that it has on margins as well is the top and bottom line. We have the synergies beginning to ramp, the Bard synergies, the conclusion of the CareFusion ones obviously, but the Bard synergies continue to ramp. And then you've got the full second half of rich Bard margins. We've only had one quarter in the first half, and so we'll have the full half of that. So we expect those margins to grow very nicely, and that flows down to operating margins as well. So we're feeling very comfortable about our guidance range on both gross profit as well as operating margin. As I said my script, 200 basis points, 250 basis points this year on top of 500 basis points over the last three years; we're feeling pretty good about our margin performance.
Christopher R. Reidy: Larry, I'll go first. This is Chris. Your calculation of the implication on the second half is off by a lot. It would imply over 5% growth in the second half. So that's...
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So a couple of things on that, Bob. As we've said in the prepared remarks, our assumption is based on $1.23 to the euro, but as we noted, the $1.20 that it is today does not have a material impact on the rest of our year, and we're very comfortable with what we've seen already flowing through. And you're right that we did flow that $0.05 through on an FX. But there were a couple puts and takes there. Clearly, the performance on the top line is benefiting us in the remainder of the year, and we do have some investments that we need to make in the second part of the year. We talked about some additional clinical trials and investments in quality systems in our PAS business, and we're consciously making those investments. And so when you flow that all in, that keeps FX in neutral and raises the FX. So there's a couple of moving parts there.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, I would just add to the last point you made, Vince, that the key to any integration is maintaining the momentum in the core businesses. And you can see from this quarter and the previous quarter that the momentum is extremely strong on both businesses across all of our segments. And when you look at the performance on a Bard basis before we moved the products around, 8.5% is a killer quarter, and it just demonstrates the kind of momentum. So that's the key to make sure you keep that momentum in a period of a lot of change, we've been able to do that, that's really important. And then the execution on the cost side, we know how to do that. We've got teams in place to do it, and as Vince mentioned earlier, getting that momentum on the revenue synergies, I would tell you when you talk to salespeople on both sides of Interventional now and BD legacy, they're excited about having the portfolio of products. So all of those are great indications of getting off to a good start.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, so in addition to the ones that you talked about, I would also say that we did have the advancement of some investments in R&D and selling, and so we made that decision consciously to invest earlier in some R&D programs. And so those, that's really more of a timing thing, that helps us in the back end. But then as we pointed out, we had some production issues in PAS, which we resolved within the quarter in the second quarter, so that won't carry forward. But we do want to make some investments in our quality system and add some clinical trials in the back half, again in PAS, so that would – does impact us in the second half as I talked about previously. The only other one kind of items, we talked about resin pressure on the last earnings call. If anything we see that pressure ticking up slightly from what we talked about. So just to refresh everyone's memory, in the beginning of the year we saw about $15 million pressure from resins. On the last earnings call we said it'd probably be about $15 million incremental to that. We're probably looking at another $5 million for the full year, just based on the way oil prices and the market in that area from a supply side. The only other onetime kind of item that you got is we were delighted to consummate the Vyaire joint venture and divestiture. It wasn't core to our strategy, it helps us focus on our core business. But with that comes a little bit of dilution in the back half of about $0.03. I think that's all the onetime items in addition to the ones that you talked about.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, and we saw the opportunity, and it's really in the MMS business, and it's primarily R&D. We're just looking at some next-generation kind of items, too early to talk about. But we saw the opportunity to advance that spending, and we took the opportunity. As we said in the past, as we saw FX becoming a tailwind, we would take the opportunity to invest some of that if we saw that option. And we did, and we felt it was the right thing to do.
Christopher R. Reidy: So on the debt paydown, we feel good about the fact that we're right on target. You saw the $100 million paydown. We look to paydown about $1 billion this year, and then $2.5 billion in each of the next two years or thereabouts. Could you accelerate that? Sure we could, but we don't think that's the prudent way to do it. We like to keep some dry powder for M&A deals. Certainly, you want to be able to do some tuck-in acquisitions. That's something that we've always done on the BD side, but clearly the Bard strategy included small tuck-in acquisitions. And we want to make sure we keep the opportunity to do that and don't restrict that too much. And as well as investing in our normal capital investments and what have you, while still increasing the dividend a little bit. So it's a balance of all those things, which is the way we thought about it as we announced the deal. And we're executing just on point.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. So as we gave guidance in China, Doug, the full year we expect to be kind of in the mid-teens, and we see a slight acceleration, actually, in the second half, and that's due to actually easier comparisons in our Life Sciences segment compared to the second half last year. And we don't see any impact of the tariffs on our revenue stream, and as Vince mentioned, we don't see any significant impact on our cost basis either. But it's something that we'll watch.
