Vincent A. Forlenza: I thank you, Monique, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide 4; as many of you know – already know, last week was a very exciting time for us and a pivotal moment in BD's history as we announced the acquisition of C. R. Bard. The combination of BD and Bard represents another major milestone in the strategic transformation of our company. As a combined company, we believe we will further accelerate and broaden our strategy, create new growth opportunities for both companies, and deliver meaningful long-term value for shareholders. Together we will be uniquely positioned to deliver innovative healthcare solutions that improve both the process of care and the treatment of disease. We continue to expect the transaction to close in the fall of 2017 and we look forward to updating you along the way as we prepare to welcome Bard's team of talented associates to BD. Last week, we had the opportunity to meet with many of the Bard associates at some of their major locations and we were impressed by the collaborative spirit of Bard's leadership team, who is already generating ideas for what we could accomplish as a combined company. Turning to slide 5 and the second quarter highlights; we entered the Bard transaction with very strong momentum. Performance from both the Medical and Life Science segments contributed to strong revenue growth over the first half of fiscal year 2017. Our results continued to demonstrate the benefit of our diverse product and geographic portfolio and our ability to drive strong underlying margin expansion through the achievement of synergies, operational efficiencies, and continuous improvement. In addition, we achieved our commitment of 3 times gross leverage within two years of close, exactly as we planned and originally stated. We continue to make excellent progress and remain on track to achieve our CareFusion cost and revenue synergies. The integration of CareFusion has laid the foundation for the integration of Bard, providing a road map for the creation of a detailed execution plan. As I just mentioned, we expect this transaction to close in the fall of 2017, subject to regulatory and Bard shareholder approvals. Later in the presentation, Chris will update you on some changes we are making to our dispensing business, as we reinvent the Medication Management process. We will transform the dispensing business model from capital placements to a value-based software and solutions model, and we believe this further demonstrates our ability to execute on our vision to create a more robust and customer-focused business. As we look to the total year, we are very confident in our outlook. The strength of our year-to-date performance allows us to reaffirm our fiscal year 2017 revenue and adjusted earnings guidance, which includes the impact of the accounting change from this new business model. Of course, with this accounting change, there is minimal change to cash flow. I will now turn things over to Chris for a more detailed discussion of our second quarter financial performance and our fiscal year 2017 guidance.
Vincent A. Forlenza: I thank you, Chris. Moving on to slide 19, I will walk you through our updates on new product innovation and strategic and business initiatives. Starting with new product innovations, within our Medical business, we recently launched BD Enterprise Pharmogistics 1.0, which is a pharmacy inventory management software that integrates with the Pyxis ES platform to provide enhanced medication availability and patient safety across even the largest multifacility healthcare networks. Within our Life Science business, we received 510(k) clearance for the new BD FACSVia flow cytometry system, which provides blood banks and clinical laboratories with an easy-to-use cell analysis solution to help determine and quantify the presence of residual white blood cells in their blood products. The addition of the BD FACSVia system follows our larger strategy of making flow cytometry easier to use with improved efficiency, simplified sample analysis, and higher quality diagnostic results. Within strategic and business initiatives, we recently completed the acquisition of CME, a manufacturer of ambulatory infusion pumps. The acquisition of CME further strengthens our strategy and portfolio of Medication Management Solutions across the healthcare continuum and enables an even broader impact on patient outcomes. Moving on to our business update on slide 20, we continue to make progress with our cost synergy capture through our G&A functional transformation. We continue to remain focused on ongoing supply chain optimization in our distribution network. In addition, our manufacturing-related synergies remain on track and we continue to expect the majority of these to be achieved over the remainder of the deal horizon through fiscal year 2018. We continue to expect $325 million to $350 million in total cost synergies related to the CareFusion acquisition as we exit fiscal year 2018. Turning to operating margin, as you can see here, we are continuing to drive significant operating margin expansion over a multi-year period. The consistent performance of our businesses combined with operating efficiencies, cost leverage, and cost synergy capture is driving continued underlying operating margin expansion. We move forward with strong momentum and continue to expect to deliver over 500 basis points of cumulative margin expansion over the three-year period through fiscal year 2017. Moving on to slide 21, I would like to reiterate the key messages from our presentation today. First, we are very excited about the powerful combination of BD and Bard and our ability to deliver innovative solutions that position us to improve both the process of care and the treatment of disease. Second, both segments continue to perform ahead of our expectations and our results highlight the benefit of our diverse portfolio, both from a product and geographic standpoint. We continue to execute on our strategy and the progress we are making in transforming Medication Management is a good example of this. Third, operating efficiencies, cost leverage, and cost synergy capture continue to generate significant operating margin improvement. And finally, we are moving forward with strong momentum, are confident in our outlook for the full fiscal year, and in our ability to drive revenue and earnings growth. We are very optimistic about BD's prospects for the future and our ability to continue to drive shareholder return. Thank you. We will now open the call to questions.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Sure, Vince will start it out, David. Thanks a lot for the question. As you mentioned, this is something we've been working on for two years. And the first phase was improving the base software, the Pyxis ES, the installation process. And you can see in our results we've made great progress there. We're now moving into a different phase where we're adding new capability to Pyxis. And as we do that, we have to make sure that we're organized in the field to support this new business model. The last thing we want to be doing is putting new capability into a system and not bringing the customer along with us. This is a matter of customer satisfaction. And so, while there's more complexity, there's a tremendous ability to optimize Medication Management. Tom will give you a little more details on that, but this is really about a tremendous advantage for the customer base and utilizing the capability. Tom will mention that he has to change kind of how we support in the field and what people are doing there. So, Tom, maybe you want to make a few comments, then we'll come back to the financial aspect.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, David. We're seeing strength in both segments and we've seen the stabilization in emerging markets as well, and stabilization in developed markets. So, where geography was an issue last year, it's not an issue this year; strong performance you saw in China, good performance in Latin America, and then stabilization in Saudi and that sort of thing. So, we're feeling very good about emerging markets now. We continue to guide in the high single-digits. So, that is looking good and China is looking at double-digits. Both Medical and Life Sciences are performing well. I think you saw MMS doing extremely well; MPS doing well. Pharm Systems had a good first half. There's just some timing for the first half. And Diabetes Care we expect to be more robust in the second. So, Medical is doing well; Diagnostics is knocking it out of the park, quite frankly, with what they're doing with Kiestra, the launch of the Falcon 50 this quarter. That's going extremely well. And, of course, flu was a positive. And so, the only piece that has been a little soft has been Biosciences. They're doing well in the high end of the marketplace. They had this inventory situation this quarter and we expect to get that behind us quickly.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, Mike. Sure. I think that as we traveled around, we got a strong sense of that. And by setting this up as a separate segment, number one, and number two, keeping that system in place, and we've made that very clear. In fact, we're interested in taking that system to other BD businesses where it could apply. We were excited because, as we got together with their teams, as I mentioned in my remarks, they were already talking about things that we could do together. And so, we're going to resource it. We're not going after any synergies in terms of R&D and that – so, we'll maintain that system, is basically what I'm going to tell you
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. If you had normalized for that timing issue and a little bit of the impact of the fulfillment delay, it should be in the 4% range of growth.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah. So, as we did our own due diligence, and we were seeing 500 registrations and a really strong pipeline. So, at the end of the day, we were even more comfortable when we finished up. But thanks for your question.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Yeah, the answer to that is yes. This is foundational that allows us to do that over time. Absolutely.
Vincent A. Forlenza: Thank you, operator, and thank you, all, for participating on the call this morning. We look forward to updating you on the rest of the year. We feel really good about the momentum as we go into the second half of the year, and we look forward to updating you on the progress with C. R. Bard. And together, as we put this together, we do believe we're uniquely positioned to deliver innovative healthcare solutions that improve both the process of care and the treatment of disease and that's going to be unique in this industry. Thanks very, very much.
Thomas Polen: Sure, Vince, and good morning, David. I think, as Vince mentioned, obviously, you have been asking us about this change from pretty much I think the first week of the CareFusion acquisition and when we came together, and we've basically saw the same opportunity that you had described and have been working on this for the past two years, and then all of that preparation has led to this point where we're ready to transform the business model. I think, as Vince described, Pyxis ES is really the catalyst, because it's now this smart, connected dispensing system where we're shifting from a onetime installation event and then really the touch point with the customer was five years later, when there was another capital requirement, to where there needs to be a much more ongoing consultative related relationship with the customer where the focus is all on delivering outcomes for improving Medication Management, right, every month, every quarter, every year. And so, this change in the – what is a accounting or business model change, right, really shifts us more to be able to deliver that business model, which I just described. As part of and in tandem with this accounting change, we are concurrently increasing, actually, the number of resources in the field that are working as consultants with our customers to maximize their use of Pyxis ES and to drive benefits from all of the features, particularly, really around how to use data to improve outcomes. As Vince mentioned, we've been concurrently investing in the new software modules which can help our customers do things like optimize inventory, reduce med errors or drug waste, benchmark themselves versus peers. And this change also tees us up to be able to not only better deliver and engage customers in those solutions, but also allows us flexibility going forward to be able to capture value from innovations delivered via software. And so, we see all of these things coming together. We recognize, obviously, the timing never necessarily a good timing at all, but we thought now is the right time from the business perspective as well as it's the right time for our customers. And all the feedback that we've gotten from customers as we've begun discussing this with them has been extremely, extremely positive.
Thomas Polen: Yeah, again, (36:38) this is Tom. We literally just communicate via a letter and they have the opportunity to opt out or automatically are opted in. There's nothing specifically that has to happen at the customer's site. And then, of course, as I described before, concurrently we are deploying, as part of our business model transformation, all the other parts of that transformation including additional resources in the field to provide consultative services to help optimize the use of the software with the platform and generate outcomes. And so those things are happening concurrently. But there's nothing hardware change or from a service implementation that has to occur.
Thomas Polen: No changes this fiscal year, and obviously, we'll be evaluating how to best continue to align our sales force compensation with creating customer value as we go into FY 2018.
Thomas Polen: Yeah, hi. So, we are continuing – we do have, as you mentioned, the temporary pause on shipments of the new infusion set and we're working on bringing that product back to market in collaboration with our partner, Medtronic. As you mentioned, and as we've discussed, we've had feedback on the set that was overall extremely strong. We had some complaints during launch and we're – the heavy focus is now working on optimizing the on-boarding process for patients, so that they properly learn how to use the set and can do so safely and optimally. So, we're in the process of actually running a – starting a trial to confirm that that training will help make sure that we get the right outcomes and then move forward in relaunching that. And so, that's progressing as planned. On the pump, nothing to comment other than it remains on track with the date for the second half of FY 2018 that we had shared at the Analyst Day meeting, but we're seeing very good progress on that price development initiative.
Thomas Polen: Yeah. Hi, Vijay. Good morning, this is Tom. I think as we discussed, obviously, our diligence, like with the CareFusion acquisition, included not only deep dives into each of the markets but also that includes primary research with end users and customers as well as those who are innovating in the space. And so, we performed that diligence across actually several hundred end user customers to understand the opportunity, not only of the base business momentum, but also the opportunity for new innovations and the dynamics of those innovations versus competition and the likelihood of – and the trajectory of those being successful. And obviously, as a result of that analysis, we became very comfortable. Obviously, some of those areas we knew very well already because they're close to home, like the vascular access space, PICCs and midlines, urology also not that distant, and then other areas like DCBs, which are newer to us. You can imagine, we even took additional time and did even more thorough end-user research and evaluations to get comfortable with. And, of course, then we also had exposure to other information during the diligence process. So, yeah, we're excited and see opportunities certainly on revenue synergies as we move forward and I think as we've noted, as Chris and Vince have identified, we think that they'll be sooner than what we saw with CareFusion, just given the very strong momentum of Bard in registering products internationally over the last couple of years.
Thomas Polen: Hey, Bill. This is Tom. Good morning. So, we're seeing great progress across our product registration efforts and we're continuing to see actually revenue synergies this year. I think you can see that in both our MMS and MPS performance year-to-date. We're on track with about 190 active or in-process product registrations in new markets. And that's towards an ultimate target of a little over 200 registrations. So, we're making really good progress there and we're starting to see the impacts of that come through on the revenue side.
Christopher R. Reidy: So, this is Chris. And so, for all the reasons that Tom and Vince mentioned, this makes all the sense in the world from a customer standpoint and really positions us well going forward. But as you know, the trick when companies – other companies have done this, is how do you keep it from being death by a thousand cuts, because other companies did this in a way that you waited for the contract to come due and that could take three years for it to be a headwind. We've been able to do this in one fell swoop across substantially all of our customer contracts, and that limits the impact to a year, a one-year impact. The other positive is we're – because of the business momentum that we currently have, we're going to cover the impact of that, both on the top and the bottom line, which really mutes the impact of this. And the fact that we're able to do it six months in really helps to compare year-over-year that you were talking to from a fiscal year 2018 versus 2017, because we'll have six months this year and six months next year. So, the timing actually feels really good and we're able to accomplish this, get it behind us. As you mentioned, it has no impact on cash flow because now the revenue will be recognized as the cash is received. So, the timing seems to work out for a lot of reasons, particularly because we can cover it. And so, that felt like the right timing to us.
Christopher R. Reidy: And to the second part of that question around the equity offering, as we said last week, we intend to move quickly on that. The process would be filing our Q, which should happen today. Then we have to file pro forma financial statements. You can expect us to move on that quickly. Once those are filed, we can really address the timing. But as we said last week, we expect to move very quickly on that, so don't blink or you'll miss it.
Christopher R. Reidy: Sure. So, just a little bit of color on what creates the revenue drag. It's really, over the next six months, we're going to be recognizing just this year's amount of revenue, whereas in prior years, we would have done a full five years of revenue as you book the contract. The impact of that is about $50 million to $60 million. That goes entirely down to the bottom line. There's no margin impact, or whatever. It flows directly through. So, the $50 million to $60 million is $0.20 to $0.25 on the bottom line that we're covering. Then, as you think about the change in the tax rate, as one of the slides showed, I think it's slide 16, that change down is one of the ways that will offset some of that $0.25. I think that's like an $0.08 to $0.09 benefit by moving down to the 16% to 18% kind of range. So, we're overcoming the remainder of that $0.20 to $0.25 operationally. So, we just want to be clear that we're jumping over the accounting change in 2018 as well, partly because of the six months this year versus the six months next year. So, we set the base and go from there.
Christopher R. Reidy: Larry, this is Chris. Just to be clear, the way the contracts currently work is they have not paid. They pay – let's say, you're doing a five-year contract, 60 months. They're going to pay a little bit every month for 60 months. The accounting was that we recognized revenue upfront for the entire five years under capital lease accounting. Now, what we'll do is we'll just match the revenue growth – the revenue that we book to the actual collection of the cash. So, it matches the cash. It's actually a very positive way of accounting from a recurring revenue standpoint because once you book – once you get the contracts that now you've got 60 months of revenue that's just basically contractual as opposed to the lumpiness of the capital lease model where everything would have been booked upfront.
Christopher R. Reidy: So, it was exposed to some conditions that were outside of what normally it should be exposed to. Anyway, you'll be back...
Christopher R. Reidy: So, the first is right, that's 30 bps across the business in the quarter, so at the BD level. And at the second, it's about 40 bps or so of gross margin headwind from that impact on the damaged inventory.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah, no, not at all. There's no impact from the accounting change until next quarter. But what you're seeing is the impact of FX. So, most analysts, I think, modeled the impact of FX to gross margins ratably over the year. Half of the impact of the FX hits you in the second quarter or hits us in the second quarter. And so, that was the difference that flowed through to the gross margin.
Christopher R. Reidy: Yeah. Thanks. So, you did the math pretty correctly. I think the tax impact is probably a little lighter than what you said in terms of coming down. But it really is just the performance of the business in the first half of the year that we see continuing. I think when you look at 5.6% revenue growth year-to-date and the kind of EPS growth that we see year-to-date, as well, up 16% or thereabouts, that is flowing through and will flow through to the second half of the year, enabling us to offset between that and the tax rate coming down that $0.20 to $0.25. So, we feel really good about that.
Christopher R. Reidy: So, we – just to give you kind of a background on that, their tax rate is about 21.5% to 22% and ours is now the 16% to 18%. On a combined basis, we said 18% to 20%. That takes into account both those tax rates as well as some of the shield – the tax shield from the additional debt that we're offering, plus some other puts and takes. So, there's a bunch of things that go in there that kind of net out so that it's their rate plus our rate. Having said that, we did say that we do see the potential for tax synergies going forward beyond that. Obviously, we've got to get the two companies together, but – and really, there's a lot of blocking and tackling that goes on in looking at legal entities in their structure and our structure. But based on the due diligence that we did, we're very comfortable that some of the structures that we have in place for a long time we'll be able to take advantage of, as well as some of the things that they have in place we should be able to leverage as well. So, on a combined basis, we think we will be seeing tax synergies above and beyond what we've put in the model. And we probably need – the rest of this year, we'll start to have some conversations, but really, once we close, which is very similar to what happened on the CareFusion transaction, once we close, we can really get our arms around that and get all of our tax advisors looking at the various puts and takes and then more to come. So, I would say sometime right after we close, which would be the fall of this year, so about a few months after that we'll have a better understanding of that. And you can look to us to start quantifying that at that point.
Alberto Mas: And in terms of the – we did have some damage to inventory. The damage was caused when we relocated Resurge reagents to new a warehouse as part of a network optimization. And we conducted a full investigation and determined that we needed to initiate a field action and write-off the affected inventory.
Alberto Mas: No, we don't see any underlying change in the market or basic change in the market. It's actually pretty much as we expected and no major changes. We don't see any changing behaviors from our customers because of the NIH budgeting. In fact, obviously, as has happened during the weekend, if anything, the NIH budget was increased by $2 billion. So, that was actually good news. And in terms of the CD4, that has stabilized. We're seeing about half the impact that we saw last year and that's beginning to stabilize. We'll see some erosion of that over time, but at a much more paced approach. The impact on the quarter, if anything, was mostly a timing of instrumentation in Asia and Europe but we expect – we have visibility and we expect that to be regained in the second half.
Alberto Mas: So, we're carrying a lot of momentum on Core Microbiology, primarily on our vac tech (54:44) business where we think we have a very strong value proposition in terms of recovery rates and time to detection. Kiestra continues to be a growth – a significant growth factor for us, which also allows us to provide complete solutions to customers. And outside the Core Microbiology, we talked about the M50 from an ID/AST perspective. The launch was very successful, very well received, especially in emerging markets where it's the ideal throughput and size for that. And finally, BD MAX is really doing well for us, especially as we see the momentum for enterics gaining ground.
