Vince Forlenza: Thank you, Zack, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start off today's presentation by covering the key messages we'd like you to take away from our earnings call. First, I want to provide an update on what we're seeing from a macro perspective. Healthcare utilization remains constrained due to lower levels of government spending, elevated unemployment rates and higher out-of-pocket expenses. In the U.S., hospital admissions, physician office visits and lab volumes continued to show signs of stabilization. However, we did see pricing pressure in certain medical device markets in the first quarter.  In total, the market remains challenging, and we continued to manage the company accordingly, focused on execution around strengthening the quarter, delivering on new product platforms and extensions, growing in important emerging markets and delivering on our operational excellence programs.  Moving on to our performance in Q1, we're pleased with our results. Revenue was slightly softer than we expected, and EPS was in line with the company's expectations, relative to where we expected to start off the year. As we outlined on our year-end earnings call in November, revenue growth was significantly impacted by an unfavorable comparison to a very strong first quarter of fiscal year 2010, where revenues were up more than 9% year-over-year. This tough comparison included strong pandemic sales and U.S. stimulus spending in Q1 fiscal 2010.  We continued to see solid growth in emerging markets and our initiatives around new product platforms and extensions and operational excellence programs continue to be on track with our expectations. We see the back part of the year strengthening, and we are maintaining our 2011 guidance of 4% currency-neutral revenue growth. We are confident in our ability to deliver 10% to 12% currency-neutral EPS growth on an adjusted basis.  On Slide 5, we've outlined our Q1 revenue and EPS results. Currency-neutral revenue declined by 1.5%. Excluding pandemic flu and stimulus impacts, revenues were up 2.8%. Fully diluted EPS was $1.35, including approximately $0.07 related to the timing of certain tax benefits. These benefits were reflected in our previous full fiscal year guidance.  Now I'd like to turn things over to David for a more detailed discussion of our first quarter financial performance.
Vince Forlenza: Thank you, David. As I mentioned in my initial remarks, in this difficult environment, our strategy remains unchanged. We are committed to accelerating growth by strengthening the core, delivering on new product platforms and extensions, growing in important emerging markets and delivering on our operational excellence programs. In the next few slides, I'd like to focus on these areas. But first, I'd like to briefly comment on another press release we issued yesterday. I'm pleased to report that BD has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Accuri Cytometers, an Ann Arbor, Michigan-based company that develops and manufactures personal flow cytometers for researchers. Consistent with BD's acquisition strategy, this acquisition would expand our presence into the emerging affordable personal flow cytometer space. The acquisition is subject to regulatory approvals, and is expected to close during the third quarter of fiscal year 2011. We are not disclosing the financial terms of the transaction at this time. We estimate that the dilution will be minimal and short lived and is included in our full year guidance.  Now moving on to Slide 19, on our year-end earnings call, we discussed a number of key product initiatives and milestones. I'd like to provide an update on these key initiatives. This fiscal year, we had many exciting opportunities in our pipeline. In our Medical segment, our ReLoCo program remains on track, with conventional, reuse prevention and low-cost safety products launching this year. We also plan to launch a next-generation safety pen needle at the back half of the fiscal year.  In our Diagnostics segment, we have a couple of new products to launch, the most notable being the BD MAX, the Automated Molecular Diagnostics system. In our Bioscience segment, we plan to have a new desk-top sorter, a new animal-free media supplement for bioproduction and a new serum-free media for certain stem cells this year.  In fiscal year 2012, you can expect the BD MAX MRSA and C. difficile launches midyear in the EU. The U.S. launch will be toward the end of the year. In fiscal year 2013, we expect to launch our molecular path test, the BD SurePath Plus, along with the Viper LT at the end of the year. Of course, we will continue to provide you with updates on our products and programs, as we continue to make progress.  We continue to grow our emerging markets, which account for over 20% of BD's total revenues. Overall, emerging markets in Q1 grew significantly faster than the corporate average, with strong double-digit growth in key markets, with China growing at about 25%. As David mentioned, timing and the flu pandemic-related sales that occurred in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010 presented a challenging comparison in our emerging markets this quarter.  Emerging market growth is being fueled by the expansion of healthcare funding and patient access, in conjunction with BD continuing to increase our investments and sales force in those areas. We expect good performance for the remainder of the year, with safety sales and strong growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific being the primary drivers.  On our year-end call, we discussed a number of operational excellence programs and key milestones. On Slide 21, I'd like to provide an update on these important initiatives. As David stated, our ReLoCo program remains on track. This fiscal year, we will begin manufacturing conventional reuse prevention and low-cost safety products in three plants on three continents. We expect the program to break even in fiscal year 2011 and to reach steady-state savings of $50 million to $60 million in fiscal year 2013.  Our EVEREST program aimed at consolidation of our SAP systems also remains on track. The first go-live will be in mid fiscal year 2012, and we're making good progress towards full implementation in fiscal year 2014. On the shared services front, the centers in San Antonio and Singapore are in place and will go live this quarter. We're continuing to make investments in these centers to drive structural efficiency gains and G&A reductions.  On Slide 22, before we open the call to questions, I would like to reiterate the key messages from our discussion today. First, healthcare utilization remains constrained by the macro environment.  Second, we're continuing to invest in driving strong growth in emerging markets, and we showed good progress in the quarter.  Third, we continue to invest in new product platforms and extensions. Our product development and product launches remain on target and consistent with what we communicated on our year-end call.  Fourth, we remain focused on operational excellence programs and our initiatives are progressing on plan. Lastly, based on our expectations for the balance of the year, we are reaffirming the guidance for the full fiscal year 2011 that we gave on our year-end call.  Thank you. We will now open the call to questions.
Vince Forlenza: Sure, Rick. Starting with the -- we came in slightly under flat as you saw and you noted. It was really more volume related than pricing related. The pricing issue was more episodic than anything else, and we see on the occasional tender where a competitor throws in a significantly lower price. But it’s not something that we're seeing uniformly across the device product lines. And we've probably seen a little bit more of it in the international space and maybe in Europe. So that’s the first thing. In terms of where the shortfall was, it was kind of across the businesses. I can’t point out one particular business and say that business was off. So we look at it more as a macro trend from a volume standpoint more than anything else, and you correctly noted that Europe was challenging. And as we look into some of the background data, we see some of these governments trying to hold back and scale back on what procedures they do. So those are kind of the macro factors.
Vince Forlenza: Remember, when we gave guidance, you're right, it was 52.2% to 52.4%, Rick. And in the first quarter, we had significant favorable variances because of currency, about 70 basis points improvement, and what we guided for the full year on currency would be slightly negative, about 10 basis points. But underlying performance, there's a really good story there. What we said before is that, we have about -- for the full year, about 40 to 60 basis points of performance improvement for the full year. And what you really have there is, you have operating performance improvements, you have ReLoCo turning positive for the full year, and then that's going to be offset by some resin and the increased pension cost that we have year-over-year. But I think the ReLoCo program, the programs that we have in place on the supply chain, particularly in the Medical business, we continue to see good performance there on the margins. So we're holding our guidance at 52.2% to 52.4%.
Vince Forlenza: Well, the first quarter was really driven by the currency and the hedge, and that kind of disappears through the remainder of the year, so you won't get that. But what you will see in the second half of the year is a continued improvement in the operating performance.
Vince Forlenza: Yes so, David, it's not so much -- we're not forecasting a change in the macro environment. We think the macro environment is going to be here for a while. So what you're really seeing is, as David was saying, an improvement in Pharma Systems in Medical, the ReLoCo product launches, a new pen needle product launch and on the Diagnostics side, BD MAX as an open system, and you can see that on one of the charts. There is also a microbiology instrument, which is Plate Streaker and then the small sorter in the Bioscience business. So there's a series of product launches not so much macro factors.
Vince Forlenza: Well, I’ll make an initial comment, then I’ll turn it over to Bill Rhodes to talk further about it. But we really saw a new segment begin to emerge over let’s say the last 18 months or so and that we were really focused more in core laboratories and this is a much lower cost, much simpler to use flow cytometer and Bill Rhodes can explain a little bit more.
Vince Forlenza: It's too small at this point. They are selling, they do have product sales, but it won't move the needle on BD.
Vince Forlenza: And Larry, coming back to the volatility in customer ordering patterns, the other piece that I had in mind when I was talking about that was, the flu for diagnostics, where because of the big ordering that we saw for last year's pandemic flu, there was a lot of flu tests in the pipeline. And so that was introducing a lot of variability as well.
Vince Forlenza: It was mostly in Europe and from a Company standpoint, when we try to quantify, it's very, very small. But we expect that we'll continue to see that kind of behavior. So we're not forecasting significant price declines over the balance of the year.
Vince Forlenza: Yes, David, we might have confused you a little bit because we did say double digit, but we had some qualifiers in there in terms of those onetime events.
Vince Forlenza: Not stimulus funded dollars now but instruments that went in and customers now use them but more on research side, and so they don't have the large reagent trails that you see on the clinical side of the business, but we are getting a positive impact in those sets.
Vince Forlenza: So as I said, the pricing has not been significant. And historically, we've not been a company that raises prices unless it's really been a significant situation. So you'd see us more focused on operating effectiveness, the offset, the pricing than raising prices across our product lines, and especially on the device side. We may have a little bit more room in certain Bioscience product lines.
Vince Forlenza: We haven't broken it out, but most of the growth what I would tell you, Peter, is coming from C. difficile at this point in time. And I think that's as far as I would go with it.
Vince Forlenza: Now that was a sorter acquisition, and we're doing well with that product. And, in fact it's the -- so that's up at the high end of the marketplace, the sorters. Though we are introducing, as Bill mentioned, a smaller sorter, and so we're going to have a small sorter and we're going to have a small analyzer, so they are very complementary.
Vince Forlenza: Yes, it hasn't changed dramatically. I mean, it fluctuates based upon the price of the resins as well as some of the other commodity prices. But broadly speaking, that hasn't changed dramatically.
Vince Forlenza: Well, thank you all for your participation today. While healthcare spending, as we've been talking this morning, it provides a challenging environment, we’re going to continue to drive our operating efficiency programs. You saw the increase in R&D and the investments in the emerging markets. So we're happy to reaffirm our guidance for the full fiscal year, and we look forward to updating you on progress next quarter. Thanks very much.
David Elkins: Well, I think as we went through, we talked about several other things that are driving performance in the second half of the year. If you think through our Medical businesses, we said in Pharma Systems, Pharma Systems in the quarter was down and that's because it's not only the flu but also because of extra orders that we received in the first quarter of last year. And if you remember with our Pharma Systems business, if you look back on a quarterly basis, it's quite lumpy. So we're anticipating seeing some very strong growth in the second half of the year in Pharmaceutical Systems. Diabetes business, we continue to see strong growth from the pen needles and also international safety, we're anticipating seeing improvements in the second half there. In the Diagnostics business, Women's Health and our SurePath has strong growth in the second half of the year and with the launch of BD MAX, we'd continue to see very strong growth in that platform. And then on the Biosciences business, the tough comps remain mainly in the first and second quarter with stimulus and the supplemental orders from Japan. And once we get beyond that, we'll see good growth rates of about 8% for the remainder of the year in the Biosciences business. So it's all those components together, as Vince said, it's spread across the business. So we feel good about the remainder of the year from that perspective.
David Elkins: And, David, to your second question around operating margins, the first quarter operating margin was less than what we had guided for the full year and that was in line with what we expected. What's really driving that, as we talked about is -- that the biggest driver there is the R&D investment; 17% growth in R&D, that’s about 100 basis point increase year-over-year. And as we guided for the full year on R&D, it’s about 10% to 11% growth on R&D investments. Also, as we talked about from a SSG&A perspective as well, we’re anticipating that to be about flat, that decreased to about -- or was a headwind of about 50 basis points. And that’s just a phasing of some of those investments there.
David Elkins: Yes, if you look at the fully diluted shares outstanding, that’s a pretty good number. One thing, recall that dilution increases little bit as the share price goes up, so it might be a little south of the $228 million.
David Elkins: And Bill, we're expecting on the back half of the year that we’re going to see some lumpiness as well with Q3 being stronger than Q4.
David Elkins: As Larry stated, on the tax, if you recall, for the full year, we had guided 27% to 27.5%, and the spread in that was, as we talked about, was because of the variability and whether or not we were going to get the R&D tax credit, and we said we had it built in there. So for the full year tax credit we're expected to be around 27%. So as you think about the first quarter, sitting at 23%, for us to average out 27% for the remainder of the year, the tax rate in the following quarters will be north of that 27%.
David Elkins: Sure, Kristen. So performance overall was about 90 and that’s being offset by about 40 basis points of resin within the quarter, I'm talking Q1 now, 20 basis points of pension and about 10 basis points of ReLoCo startup. So the net performance for the quarter was around 20 basis points. Right now, what we're assuming on resins is oil in the $80 to $90 range. So there is a little bit of risk from pricing pressure if oil goes above $90 a barrel and stays there for the remainder of the year. But we'll keep you guys posted on that. But right now, our assumptions as we look at it, we're thinking in the $80 to $90 range.
David Elkins: I’d say it’s about a three to six month lag depending upon the resin. Remember, these are specific resins that we have to purchase. And so you can't go to different suppliers in order to provide it, but it’s in that three to six month. And I would say that last year, we were successful in buying in more of those resins. This year, it’s proving more difficult to do that.
David Elkins: No, I think you pretty much summed it up there. I think as we look at -- as we talked about last year, we're in a period of four very tough quarters. The last two quarters of last year and the first two quarters of this year because of the comp that the flu supplemental orders and pandemic had. And that's why as we look forward, when you adjust for all those things as we went through on Slide 15, we're really looking at the remainder of the year to be about 7%. I think you had said about 8% data, but we look at it to be about 7%. If we do that, we can get to the underlying growth excluding flu and the stimulus orders of about 6% for the year. And as Vince said earlier, we're really looking at the markets to stabilize in order to deliver upon that. And we see it stabilizing and that's what our guidance is based upon.
David Elkins: Our guidance were really looking at assuming that, really no impact from currency for the full year. So we have some favorable comparisons because of hedge losses last year in the first quarter and a little bit in the second quarter, but as we progress throughout the year, we’re assuming the average euro rate is going to be about the same. To your second point on commodity prices, we are seeing pressure on commodity prices. I think resins is something that will see more pricing pressure on, but right now our assumption is that resin pricing is going to be in line with the oil in the $80 to $90 range.
David Elkins: I think our ReLoCo program and our start-up costs, as I talked about a little bit earlier, start-up costs start coming down year-over-year. We start getting positive from our ReLoCo program, particularly the latter half of this year and going into next year. And also our efficiency programs that we have that are below gross margin that we continue to drive from our shared services and our G&A cost reduction programs. And as we talked about our strategy very much from a manufacturing perspective, is we're assuming that commodity prices are going to be higher going forward. Therefore, everything that we can do from a green perspective from a manufacturing supply perspective to get more efficient will make us more competitive in that type of environment. And that's the strength of the organization. It's what we've been successful in over the past few years doing.
David Elkins: Yes, if you were to -- it's based upon the fact that we placed instruments because of stimulus funding.
David Elkins: I think the question came up earlier from Jon Wood -- we said the 228 will be favorable, but there is some offset due to dilution because of the higher share price than what we had originally assumed, but yes, there will be some benefit from the waiting effect you get from retiring more shares in the first quarter.
David Elkins: We had mentioned last year, the revenue in China was in the range from about $250 million in 2010. That’s just the main line.
David Elkins: Well, it's 10% for the full year. It's correct, yes. There may be some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter, but 10% is the full year guidance.
David Elkins: Yes, it fluctuates anywhere between about $180 million to -- it's gone as high as $220 million based upon the pricing of the resins and how much consumed in any given year.
David Elkins: That's correct. And remember, what we saw in this quarter was there's a lot of volatility across the board on the currencies, not just the euro. So if you just think through some of those other currencies that we talked about earlier, the dollar strengthened against the euro as well as the pound, but then it weakened in the quarter against the yen, the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar, so they kind of had counter-effects within the quarter.
William Rhodes: Essentially, what we’ve seen is over the past three years, there’s been a development in the utilization of flow cytometry in non-core facilities, i.e. making it a personal flow cytometer that life sciences researchers can use. The obstacle that they’ve had to do that is affordability. And essentially, we see this as an opportunity for us to work with life sciences researchers around the world to, in essence, bring them an affordable and very high quality flow cytometers. So it’s very much in keeping with our strategy. And just one last comment, we have seen -- you’ll see the desktop sorter at some point, we’ve introduced even high-end products that are built to be more affordable, take up less space and go into laboratories outside of the core labs.
William Rhodes: No, I think I just would echo the earlier comments Gary made about the international safety effort not being just in Europe. But in Europe and Latin America, we've got a good confidence on our convergence particularly in the area of infusion therapy.
William Rhodes: We were talking about another instrument that we're going to be launching the following year. That’s what you’re thinking about a small analyzer.
William Rhodes: Sure. Just as a quick reminder, the way that Pharma Systems business model works, we tend to get advanced projections from our major pharmaceutical customers, and those are followed by confirming purchase orders typically within 45 to 60 days of an actual commitment to order. Coming back to the comments that Vince made about the third quarter, one of the key drivers from a customer perspective. Remember that from the pharmaceutical company perspective, the flu ordering starts in the third quarter, and we've got commitments projections on that. Low-molecular weight Heparin also is continuing to make good market penetration particularly in the U.S. We've got market expansion in two markets on the pre-filled platform as people convert from vials to pre-filled and that’s in Asia and in Latin America, with the Asia market expansion being a nice positive impact in 3Q. So it's those particular growth variables in addition to our European base growth business in the third quarter that are giving us some confidence around Pharma Systems in the third quarter.
William Rhodes: Well, that's exactly right. I mean, if you parse through it and take a look at what happened, there was a discrete amount of money that was made available early in the year and instruments for laboratories, which we took notice of and then advantage of, and the same thing on Japan supplemental funding. So for us, we had a very good run at stimulus and supplemental last year.
William Rhodes: Well, it's Bill again, the answer actually is, we do see reagent pull-through because we have a higher installed base due to the fact that we were able to place that many instruments in both Japan significantly, and the U.S. And as far as margin, it's a complicated formula. You need to remember, of course, that we made a lot of things last year, which contributed to margin. But now we're selling more reagents. So it's sort of a complicated way to look at it. But at the end of the day, we do see pull through on reagents.
William Rhodes: Sure, we’ve still got some unfavorable comps to deal with in the second quarter as David has mentioned a few times, and you’re exactly right on the DC comparisons, Diabetes Care, as it relates to 2Q and 4Q. But the acceleration in the second half of the year is reflecting a lot of the benefits of the investments that were made over the last six to nine months in the emerging markets that Gary referenced. And particularly, we'll start to see some revenue impact from those investments in the fourth quarter of the year with China being one good example of that activity. International safety, as I mentioned earlier, is also expected to have a positive finish in the second two quarters of the year with Nexiva Q-Syte, Venflon Pro Safety and Intima II SAF-T, launched product in China all contributing nicely, and we've got all the capacities now completely lined up to support that growth. And then one last comment on new products, we've got the Nano pen needle, which is gaining momentum. We'll launch the safety products, which Vince and David mentioned and then the ReKindle products, all making admittedly smaller contributions to the year, but incremental additions to our core revenue base.
Gary Cohen: The only other thing I would add to that is that there are number of things in the first quarter that don't really make a reliable indicator. The flu pandemic certainly is one of them, it's very strong Pharmaceutical Systems performance in the prior year, which particularly hit Western Europe, by the way. A big part of that was in Western Europe. And then there were series of other things. There were timing on orders, going into the developing world through PEPFAR and through UNICEF that didn't fall into the first quarter as we had anticipated. There was a change in an India immunization order that was fairly sizable on a year-to-year basis. So there's a number of things that tend to mask what the underlying performance actually was. And as we look out for the full year, growth in the emerging markets we're anticipating will remain strong. Western Europe is not as bad as it looked in the first quarter for the reasons I had mentioned. We had good growth in some key areas like United Kingdom, which is one of the largest countries. They actually doing pretty well. So I think we'll get a better sense of all this as the year rolls out.
Gary Cohen: Just a comment on your question about safety, first, just for some perspective of total safety -- international was about 55% of the size of the U.S., so a little bit more than half the size of the U.S., and then of international, almost exactly half as Western Europe and the other half is the rest of international. We are already experiencing faster growth on safety than the average, quite a bit faster in Western Europe in the first quarter relative to the total results for Western Europe. We are expecting some acceleration of that over the remainder of the year, and we're experiencing very strong growth, very solid double-digit growth in the emerging markets for safety, particularly Asia Pacific and Latin America, and we anticipate that, that will continue through the year. So the safety contribution is pretty much across the board in the international markets, and the growth increase that we're expecting in 2011 over the remaining quarters in Western Europe is not a huge increase, but it's a continuing upward trend, consistent with the anticipated impact of the timing of implementation of the European Union directive.
Gary Cohen: First thing to point out is, in the quarter, the emerging markets did not grow double digits, mostly due to some onetime events that I briefly mentioned in the responses to one of the other questions about timing on orders going into developing countries through international organizations and unfavorable comparisons with very large Indian Government immunization order last year, so therefore, the industrialized markets, the developed markets didn't decline at double-digit rates either. The emerging markets in the quarter were up around 8% excluding the pandemic impact. That’s going to accelerate over the course of the year because of the factors I mentioned, these onetime unfavorable comparisons. We’re expecting double digit growth for the full year, which implies even slightly stronger double-digit growth through the remaining quarters. And then Europe, as I mentioned, was down year-to-year, but that had a disproportionate impact from the Pharmaceutical Systems comparison. So it's not as extreme as perhaps you thought, just assessing the information so far, and the emerging market growth outlook is very positive.
Gary Cohen: I think all participants in the broader healthcare space are seeing benefit from the build-out of hospitals. And we planned our strategy accordingly including plans for us to expand our own organization to reach those hospitals. Competitive-wise, the circumstances are dynamic but not really changed. We're seeing strengthening of local competitors, but not in a dramatic or a step-function sense. And much of what we're doing to ensure we can compete on highest quality, lowest cost basis, blends itself very well to the market characteristics in China. So on the whole, we're very pleased by the progress there.
Tom Polen: So for Q1, we did not -- we saw a very little flu in Q1. As you just indicated, we have seen flu begin to pickup over the last few weeks, a bit stronger in Japan. We're seeing the flu season accelerate in Japan, but it is also accelerating in the U.S. into a lesser extent than Japan.
Tom Polen: So on your question on SurePath Plus, so we did start the trial in the U.S. in Q4 of last year. And it’s progressing exactly to our expectations. And we continue to hold that launch date in 2013. So no change from what we announced in Q4, and it is going very well.
Tom Polen: So Genome, the path -- in Q1, we were pleased with the performance that we saw. As Vince already alluded, we saw very good growth on our C. diff assay. In that business, we grew 15% in Q1, driven by growth in C. difficile testing. I think Vince obviously discussed earlier about some of our future product launches with MRSA and C. diff coming in FY '12, and we're obviously also working on a number of additional menu items for the BD MAX platform, which will eventually, of course, cannibalize when phasing out the Genome, smart cycle product replacing it with MAX, and are working on best of menu that we look forward to sharing in future quarters. We expect to begin communicating more about our menu on MAX as the 6-color MAX approaches later this year.
Tom Polen: TriPath, we grew worldwide. TriPath was up 5% for the quarter. And one thing that we have seen was -- I think we had spoken last year about some volatility in OB/GYN visits and Pap visits. And we've been tracking both OB/GYN visits and Pap visits very closely. And over the last two quarters, we have seen that stabilize, which is pleasant, obviously, for us to see that. We’re not seeing a return to prior levels of testing, but we're seeing stabilized, flat. And we are again seeing good growth across most markets, particularly in Asia Pacific for our TriPath business, where we're growing well north of 20% in Asia Pacific in that business.
Tom Polen: There's not a significant acceleration of TriPath in the second half, it’s really more the overall growth factors are more related to the factors that been just mentioned. We are continuing to see good growth in TriPath. And again, that’s coming part from the U.S., but much more significantly from the emerging markets.
Tom Polen: Again, strong performance in Q1. We grew about a little over 8% in Q1 in that Molecular business, and our forecasting continued strong performance through the balance of the year in that same range.
Tom Polen: There is a very small amount of growth in for HSV this year, but it's a relatively low-volume assay. So I wouldn't even expect that and as we look forward in FY '12 and beyond, while there is going to be growth related to HSV, it's not going to be a key driver of growth either at the Diagnostic and certainly not the BD level.
Tom Polen: We have a very level of confidence that it will be out in Q3. In fact, we already are shipping BD MAX to some clinical sites, ourr 6-color, as well as we have announced partnerships, publicly, for example with Lonza and we've done shipping instruments to our partner there as well. The instrument is actually -- we are building instruments and beginning to ship them in certain places, our commercial launches in Q3, and we feel very comfortable with that date.
Tom Polen: We're seeing very, very high demand at this stage in Europe and in the U.S., very high customer interest. It's a very unique platform in the way that it combine extremely high ease of use, it's basically a walkaway system for molecular, but also with that open system flexibility so that customers can do many assays beyond those that are just offered by BD. So very strong customer interest, and we remain on track to launch that as committed.
William Kozy: The only thing I can add is, it’s such, it’s a little bit of a complicated picture because its lumpy. But if you take the Pharma Systems growth of minus 12%, you adjust it with pandemic and as David and Vince both mentioned, it gets you to about minus 3%, but if you hadn't adjust for this large order that came from a major pharmaceutical customer, which was over $25 million, the underlying growth for Pharma Systems in the first quarter was in the 9% to 10%. So we’re actually comfortable where we're at in terms of core demand.
William Kozy: Yes, we continue to track a number of potentially disruptive technologies. I'm sure you're aware that the latest feedback from the FDA on this latest new product activity, and they're going to have to go back and do a little bit more work. We'll continue to keep our eyes on that, but our position on inhalable insulin is really not changed since the last go around.
William Kozy: So we expect launch of that as an open system in Q3 of this fiscal year in Europe, followed very soon after the launch of that system in the U.S. And the way that we expect this to be used, particularly in Europe where there's a much larger kind of standard market for open assay development where you have a large number of the university laboratories and even large community hospitals, are basically developing their own assays. And the way that this works is, we sell the six-color BD MAX to them as the instrument. We then provide a consumable strip that essentially has the majority of the reagents that they need to develop their own test. They would put in their specific primers for their marker, they were able to adjust some of the software algorithms to be able to optimize for their specific test, and then they would be able to develop any molecular test in their own laboratory and then perform that. You see that typically for many of the more esoteric tests. You don't see people doing open system for GC/CT or HPV or MRSA. They would buy a commercially available tests for those assays, but many other infectious disease tests, we do see the use of a home brews or open systems particularly in the European market. And so this quite a robust market for those types of technologies today. I think this fits in well into a category that Vince alluded to earlier. We’ve not traditionally played in the open system marketplace, this is -- many of our competitors have had offerings in that space. The launch of BD MAX later this year will be our first entree into that new market for us. And I think as Vince alluded to, that growth is all coming as incremental new growth in a new market that we haven’t competed in traditionally.
