Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I guess based on our view of the market, I think the inventories, backlogs are pretty well in balance, and that order intake will be indicative of production, et cetera, going forward. So I would say that based on our market size estimates of 190,000 to 220,000, that we expect that production will improve as the year progresses.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So the UK market is DAF's largest market. It's been a great market. In fact, DAF set a all-time market share record in the UK market last year for the combined above 6- to 16-tonne, and above 6-tonne of 30%. So, our team has done a great job there, and we continue to see good demand from our customers. I think the economy there is good, and so there's been no indications. The movement in the pound following the Brexit vote, the movements are similar to what we've seen over the years, and while there is some headwind temporarily, that will adjust over time.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, I think and last year, obviously, was a great year for the European truck market and DAF in particularly being able to improve its share a full percentage point in that market. If you look at the transportation statistics, the German MAUT statistics, December was another excellent month. Transport activity is at record highs across Germany, and so there's nothing near term that would say that the demand will tail off. I think we're being a bit conservative in how we view the market next year. We're actually starting the year at a higher production rate for our heavy-duty vehicles than we started last year. So, – but we're just a bit conservative in terms of how long that stays at that level.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, I think we're seeing – we've been open now in our Financial Services business for about two years or three years in Poland, Czech Republic, and we're seeing our share of the financing in those markets grow, and I think that also is translating into additional sales for DAF Trucks. DAF has a very strong position in the Central European countries. And so, I think as we look forward, we are looking at expanding some of our financing activities into the Romanian market. We've opened our sales subsidiary in Turkey. And so, at some point, we'll have some financing capability there. We're also, while it's not in Europe, we're also going to be opening a bank in Brazil to support the financing of trucks, DAF Trucks in Brazil. So, we continue to grow our footprint and our Finance business around the world, and it's a integral part of the model that supports our trucks in all of our markets.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, I think Mexico will have another good year, probably in the 20,000- to 25,000-truck range would be how we would see that market for next year. Our – we continue to be the market leader in Mexico, the Kenworth brand is very well received. We've launched our 2.1-meter product, our MX engine. So they have all the latest products, and our dealers and our customers are very excited about the prospects to continue to have a excellent business in the Mexican market.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think we know, I just think we'll continue to be at the – the market leader in the 35% to 40% share of the heavy-duty market.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I'd say the range for the year would be in the 13.5% to 14.5% range, and that will sort of tie in with those market ranges that we've talked about.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I mean, typically, it's the level of demand and pricing in a given market. So, I think at the upper end of those ranges, there'll be opportunities for some pricing leverage; at the lower end, it's a competitive market, always has been and always will be. And so you just have to manage your pricing accordingly.
Ronald E. Armstrong: And that just reflects additional production days. We shut our factories down during the Christmas holiday period in North America.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think in terms of commodity cost, I think there is a bit of a upward trend in terms of pressure on commodity cost. But our purchasing and materials and operations teams work very closely with our suppliers. We have long-term agreements that smooth the effects of commodity cost movements, and we have a continual effort on cost reduction activities. So we don't see material cost being a significant factor in the cost of our product in 2017.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I'd say that the pricing environment in North America is probably a little more competitive in the second half of last year. As we started this year, Europe, I think is pretty flat. You just have the effects of sort of the pound-euro exchange rate that have some temporary effects.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, I think that the PACCAR engine, around that 50% mark is sort of how we see the PACCAR engines, MX-11 and MX-13. And I think there is a bit of optimism about the energy market and the opportunities for next year, but again, that's not a significant element of our total business, but...
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. From a pricing standpoint, if you look at today versus a year ago, prices are down about 10% for our product. We continue to maintain a premium relative to the competition in the used truck market. A lot of the trucks now that we're starting to see return and we will see return during this year will be our new 2.1-meter product, and that will even have a better value compared to some of our legacy products. So, we're actively engaged in working with our customers on lease returns, trade packages. We just opened our newest used truck facility in Chicago in December. So we're continuing to build our capabilities to handle additional volumes of used trucks. As time goes on, we're also looking at a couple of other locations during the course of this year. So we feel very comfortable with our ability to handle the volume of trucks that we're seeing in our inventory and will be coming back to us during the course of 2017.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. Part of our R&D budget last year, this year, will just be continued to enhance the product offerings of our 2.1-meter product line. And so it's 70%, 75% of what we do today, and it will continue to grow as the years progress. So, the favorable benefits of that will continue to be recognized.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. If you look back over a two or three year period, the margins in our Parts business have progressed nicely. And so, it depends a lot any given time on the mix of parts that you sell, et cetera. And we expect the percentage of engine parts to continue to grow gradually over time, and I think that will have a positive impact on margin percentages. The other side of that is we're also growing and expanding our TRP capability. We ended the year with 77 independent TRP stores owned by our dealers. Those parts carry a lower margin, but they also give us additional volume, additional contact with additional customers, and is a great initiative that's really been a key focus of our dealers to take advantage of that opportunity to grow their presence in their market. So I think that there is a balance of puts and takes there.
Ronald E. Armstrong: As we look at 2017, I think the portfolio balance will be comparable to where it has been. A lot of the variations in profitability over the last eight quarters had been tied to used truck movements. And so, used trucks will play a significant part in how the profitability of the Financial Services segment performs in 2017.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think there's, yeah, I that's a key element of it, and when you recognize the impact of lower used truck prices on your portfolio.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, our dealer inventories have been in great shape, really, throughout 2016 and as we enter 2017. If anything, our dealers probably could use a few more trucks, and we're seeing some good orders early on in 2017 for inventory. So, I think the Parts impact of that is, I mean, it's sort of business as usual.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, I'd just say our backlogs are in excellent shape all around the world in all of our businesses, and Europe is right in line with that. So we're very comfortable with our backlogs, and they're really balanced in with order intake and demand in the markets right now.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I wouldn't – I don't know if we said significant headwind, that doesn't make sense to me. But with the depreciating peso, that's a – it's a competitive market. And so you – we try to – we basically sell in U.S. dollars. So, we've got to work with customers to balance their ability to invest in new equipment and our ability to sell it at a fair price.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We produce, for Mexico, we produce all of our trucks in Mexico. So, we don't have cross-border matters to deal with there. So, but a lot of the components come from U.S. suppliers, as they always have.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, so for the full year, Peterbilt and Kenworth were at 32% share of the order intake, and I think for the fourth quarter, just under 30% in the fourth quarter.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Our guys – we have great products, and I think the market has always recognized the premium value of Kenworth and Peterbilt in North America, and DAF in Europe, and our teams are working hard to sell those great products. It's a premium value at a premium price, and not everybody is willing to pay that, but we've grown our share over time in both markets, and our goal is to continue to increment share as we progress over the coming years.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think our market assumption, as I mentioned previously, is probably a bit conservative based on where we're at currently, but the UK market has been pretty steady. And we've gotten good orders this year into the UK and all of our markets around the market. So I think we're in good shape as we enter 2017.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I might let Bob address that for North America and let Harrie comment on the Europe situation.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Nothing significant. As we dialed in our budgets for next year and looked at our product plans, that's the amount we need to continue to support the product and build our business. So, I think we are very – just a little bit sharpening of the pencil, as I say.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we continue to increment our build in Brazil. It's a difficult market, but our team is step-by-step increasing production and increasing their market share, and Mexico was – a good year for Mexico. Australia, the mining sector is – has slowed, but we just launched our new T610 product in Australia, and their backlog is starting off very strong and we'll be looking at some build rate increases in Australia in the coming weeks. And we are seeing some increasing demand in markets like Russia, that the demand for Euro 5 vehicles is increasing, and DAF is doing a good job of getting their share of that additional demand in Russia.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think a lot – just it all really depends on the economic developments in the country. And we've seen two years of contraction of over 3%, the expectations for this year is more of a flat development, but the Brazilian economy and the Brazilian – the Brazilians have a lot going for them in terms of resources, agricultural capability. So I think we feel very comfortable long-term with our investment, and as time goes on, it will provide a good return to our shareholders.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think if you just look at the history of incremental and decremental margins, I think that's how you should think about us going forward.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. For sure, it does, and that's our whole drive behind our finance business, is profitably supporting the sale of PACCAR products around the world, and Brazil is no different. And as we have that financing capability, that will enhance DAF's ability to sell to more customers in the Brazilian market.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I can't really comment on that. I think there's some benefit there. We've been able to get that share here. The product is performing great. We have a great team that represents the DAF brand in the market. And I'm totally confident that we'll continue to grow our share, whatever pace that might be, and that, yeah, the finance company, all other things being equal, will enhance that share growth.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, it will probably be a mid 2018. We're just finalizing the purchase of the land and there will be a permitting process, and so construction will start probably mid-year this year and then finalize mid-year 2018.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I was just in that, our current Toronto Distribution Center about two weeks ago, and the team does a great job in a 55,000-square-foot facility. This will triple the amount of space. We have a growing business, both our dealers and our customers in that area, and this will allow them to grow their parts business in that area and better support a growing base of customers. So, just you saw us build the Renton PDC this last year, which doubled the amount of square footage. We expanded our PDC in Lancaster in Pennsylvania, that really supports the Northeastern part of the U.S. We have a Distribution Center in Montréal that supports customers in Québec. So, this particular PDC is primarily focused on the Ontario area and Middle Canada.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, I think that share position is still about right. In terms of demand in that arena, I think demand has been pretty consistent. And for sure, if there is substantial infrastructure investment, I think that would bode well for our ability to sell more trucks into that segment. So, the Peterbilt and Kenworth products do great in that area.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, I'd say European used truck pricing is relatively flat. In terms of the Russian market, we're probably still on the ascent in terms of a couple years ago, the market was stronger. DAF sold about 3,000 trucks into Russia. Last year, it was just under 1,000 trucks. And so, there is good upward trend, but certainly more upside potential.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We're preparing for the regulations as they exist currently. It's difficult to plan based on speculation, and so we're developing our products for the future, following the greenhouse gas regulations that are in place. So, if those change, we will reevaluate our plans and adapt accordingly.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So Parts revenue growth, I indicated we expect 2017 to be 2% to 4% growth rate. Financial Services margins, I think were – probably see our spreads be relatively steady, and I think a big factor in the results would be the movement of used truck values, but our portfolio in our Finance business is performing excellently. Our team generated a share of 26% of all PACCAR products sold that they financed last year. And so the finance team continues to manage their business in a very prudent way, and generate a good contribution to PACCAR's results.
Ronald E. Armstrong: That's – a lot of speculation on trade matters, and so we'll address those as they come at us. We source materials from all over the world, majority out of the U.S., I don't know what that percentage might be. But we're – we source just as all the automotive and commercial vehicle industry does. So whatever the effects might be for us would be similar for the industry.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think there is a bit of competitive pricing pressure, the pound-euro exchange rate had some effect. In our fourth quarter, we typically will do some projects in our factories, so we have some maintenance projects that we do over the shutdown period. And so just normal stuff, so nothing unusual.
