Ronald Armstrong: I just say pricing is very stable. Customers recognize the value of the Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF products around the world. Markets are always competitive and we have a great product to offer. And so I think that the pricing at this point is very stable.
Ronald Armstrong: I think your observation about parts is right on point, several things there. One was favorable mix of the products that were sold, the operating leverage of our cost structure, and we did see some benefits from the lower oil price and the effect on our delivery costs from our parts business. So those factors played a role, and then just the - a more stable build rate in the operating efficiencies that come with operating at a stable level.
Ronald Armstrong: I would think that for the year we look at something that would be comparable to first quarter levels.
Ronald Armstrong: I think the parts business is well positioned. The trucks that are there are operating at over 90% utilization, which is really a peak level. So I don’t see any tapering off from whether it’s that those are new trucks or older trucks. I think the parts business will continue to benefit from strong freight markets not only in North America, but also in Europe. And I think, the fleets, there was some pent-up demand over the more challenging years more and more fleets are renewing their fleets, and also I think if they had additional drivers they would probably purchase additional trucks. But we’ve seen some fleets be able to make those expansion, so.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So as we look at DAF’s orders in the first quarter compared to fourth quarter levels, we’re also up about 40%.
Ronald Armstrong: I think we’ve just been able to - we’ve retained the earnings that we’ve achieved over the last many years and retained those in the business. So more of our portfolio is being funded with the equity, but I would see the leverage would continue at similar levels to where we’re at currently in the foreseeable future.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I mean we have a full line of products that PACCAR Financial Services offer. So we’re very willing to provide loans, leases, floor plan financing, all the products that we offer to all of our customers and our dealers. And we’re not preferential to anyone particular product; we just want to meet our customer’s needs and support the growth of those that sell PACCAR trucks.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. We’ve got - provided the update in our press release. We really have nothing else to add at this point, JB.
Ronald Armstrong: Things are going very well. Our factory continues to build excellent trucks for the Brazilian market. More and more dealers are opening their new facilities, continue to construct new facilities. We’re still identifying dealers in some areas of expansion, so it’s all progressing very well and as we look at the long-term that will be an excellent investment for us.
Ronald Armstrong: I think our growth will be in line with market. And if you look over the last 15 years, we’ve sort of gone from less than 10% to up to 16% last year being a little bit of an anomaly with the Euro 5 noise in the market. So, I think the 15.5% is about where we expect to see the year and hopefully, we’ll continue to grow and build on that base, as we go forward in the years to come.
Ronald Armstrong: The mix is primarily just a higher mix of proprietary and PACCAR brand and product compared to maybe all mix versus vendor product line. So that’s the mix side of that. And 4%, we expect the year to be somewhere in the 2% to 5% range at current exchange rates.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think we see that the parts margins as we go forward in the succeeding quarters would be comparable to first quarter level.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think we will see an acceleration of capital spending, as we progress through the year, but won’t be dramatic. And so, yeah, we continue to generate strong operating cash flow and we’ll see a pretty normal, as we progress through the rest of this year.
Ronald Armstrong: Tim, I think it really depends on the strength of the market and the competitive nature of the market. And it’s just, it’s early days. We have seen some very positive signs in the last couple of months in terms of order intake activity in Europe, but we’ll see how things progress. So it will be dependent on level of market demand at that point.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So I mean, we expect that parts will grow in Europe during the course of this year, because the effects of currency, parts revenue growth consolidate will be somewhere probably in the 2% to 5% range for the year and 4% for the first quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: No, I don’t. I don’t see aggressiveness in pricing, and we see pretty consistent pricing with what we’ve been seeing. And the level of market demand will sort of dictate how things will progress in the pricing side, or progress through the rest of this year. So right now, I would say, it’s pretty steady.
Ronald Armstrong: No there is nothing significant what we talked about before. I think oil and gas - for oil and gas exploration and production related items, we’ll probably be lower this year, but that’s offset by other things other segments of the market. So I think it will be a pretty nominal impact.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, the economy is good. And as long as the economy continues at good growth pace, I think there will be the need for the movement of goods and that will create demand for freight, and the freight numbers continue to be at or near record levels. So I think as long as that continues and trucks are operating at 90% plus utilization that we’ll see a reasonably good demand for trucks in the foreseeable future.
Ronald Armstrong: Okay. So from a market share standpoint, obviously we’re very focused on growing the profitable market share that we can achieve in the market. And we have great products full lineup with the combination of the 2.1 meter cab, the other products that we offer in the - on highway, off-highway. So we have a great product lineup and we’re looking to grow our share and continue to move that forward. Lead times are very normal. Customers can get a truck within a reasonable window of time. And so we’re very comfortable with where we’re at lead times and you have good prospects backlog for the second-half of the year. And then going into 2016, we’re - that we’re very vigilant in monitoring orders. Orders come from customers. When they need a truck, we’ll slot it in the backlog, and so we built based on the orders that we have. And so that’s been our approach for 110 years, and that will continue to be our approach as we go forward.
Ronald Armstrong: So the prior peak obviously benefited from a very extended backlogs both in North America and Europe. The markets today are still - if you look at Europe, they’re probably 20% to 25% below what they were in 2006-2007 timeframe and here in the North America they’re 10% to 15% below those levels. So yes, we still haven’t gotten to those kinds of levels and so margins are excellent and the operational efficiency that we’re able to achieve with our factories has been outstanding and the stability of our build rates is serving us well. So we’ll continue to focus on, continue to move the needle forward and achieving the best operating margins that we can for our shareholders.
Ronald Armstrong: I think it will be similar. We’ll see growth in both the medium-duty and heavy-duty in the quarter probably of comparable amounts.
Ronald Armstrong: Supply chain has done just a marvelous job of supporting the ramp-up activities. And the first quarter was very smooth and so the supply base I think is well-positioned to support the industry at this and even potentially higher levels.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I mean, the UK is our largest market and mentioned in my comments the GDP growth in the UK is very good. And just had the NEC show in Birmingham last week, where DAF was well represented and lots of positive feedback from customers in the UK. We talked about Germany where the trade activity in Germany in the month of March was at the highest level since they have been tracking the mouth [ph] toll statistics, so German freight activity is good. Some of the southern countries Spain and Italy, they really had a very challenging situation with the crisis and in the ensuing couple years but we’re starting to see some rebounds between Italy, Spain and Portugal. So that’s moving forward as well. So the mood in Europe is generally positive as it’s been in a couple years.
Ronald Armstrong: I think it’s a focus on value and in operating efficiency. And DAF really focuses on lowest total operating cost providing a great fuel-efficiency with the PACCAR MX engines, both the MX-11 and the MX-13. The Euro 6 products have performed excellently in the market. So now that we’re past the Euro 5 transition period, the DAF products are standing tall in the market and very well received by our customers from a value and operational efficiency perspective.
Ronald Armstrong: No, it’s a very competitive market. And it’s still at 220,000 to 250,000 trucks. It’s still 30% below the peak level. So there’s a lot of competition to gain customers. But our products and our services stand tall in the marketplace.
Ronald Armstrong: Yeah, so obviously the PACCAR engines have been in Europe for many years and so that’s always been there. And we’re seeing the growth of the PACCAR MX engine at the end of last year. We had 75,000 engines in the market and that will continue to grow again this year. So as time goes on we’ll continue to see that benefit, more and more parts sales supporting PACCAR engines.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, we’re buying blocks and heads, and a lot of components for our plant in Columbus from European suppliers. So a good portion of the material content comes from Europe.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, most of the effects are operational. I mean, we had - I guess, I mentioned on the profit side the translation effects on our pretax income were largely offset by the effects of the natural hedge that we have with the purchase of components. I don’t know that the 60 basis points, they don’t recognize that number. So but…
Ronald Armstrong: No, as we mentioned for the second quarter, yes, we will see some slight improvement with the higher volumes, the currency impact, assuming a constant currency as were at now we’ll see a similar benefit in the second quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: It benefitted in the first quarter and we’ll see that benefit, again assuming that consistent with the current the translation rates we’ll see that benefit in the second quarter as well.
Ronald Armstrong: Sure. U.S. deliveries were 21,400 in 2015 and compared to 16,100 last year. Canada was 3,000 compared to 2,500. Europe was 10,100 compared and 9,300. And Mexico, Australia and other was 3,800 compared to 3,900 last year.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I think, again it’s a very competitive market and each transaction is negotiated with the customer and the dealer. And so you reflect what the market conditions are, and so we have great products and get the premium value for what we sell and so that’s evidenced by the fact that our operating margins when compared and looked at the competition are the highest in the industry. So you were proud of our product and we’ll look to continue to grow our share profitably.
Ronald Armstrong: I’d say that the prices are certainly aren’t going up. They’re stable compared to where they were a year ago. There are more trucks, but there’s also a bit more demand so pricing is very stable. And we see the similar thing in Europe. Prices in Europe were reasonably stable, compared to where they were at this time last year.
Ronald Armstrong: So, I think last year, the medium 6 tonne to 7 tonne market was in the 73,000 truck range and we think to 70,000 to 80,000 trucks is a reasonable range for that market for this year. So market is started off with good demand. We’ve been able to increase our production of the Peterbilt and Kenworth medium-duty trucks for the North American market and so we’re…
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. It was, $49 million is the effect. So both North America and Europe performed very well in the parts business and so the effects of currency is primarily the effect of the euro.
Ronald Armstrong: So if you add back the exchange rate effect, that’s roughly where the growth would have been in 10% range.
Ronald Armstrong: I mean that’s - we’ve got an excellent business model that serves us well, we obviously a little bit more vertical integration in Europe, where we make axles, we buy axels in North America. So we have the flexibility. And from time to time, we will evaluate what level of vertical integration makes sense for our company but I think we are very comfortable with where we are at currently and I don’t see any major revisions to how we manage that and positioned ourselves in the marketplace in the near future.
Ronald Armstrong: Anything can happen, but I would say at this point we’re pretty comfortable with the structure as we have it today.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think we’ve got great medium-duty products, but obviously out over the years we continue to invest in all of our products and we will continue to make enhancements to heavy-duty, medium-duty engines, components, work closely with our major suppliers around the world to provide us customized products that integrate with our componentry to provide outstanding operating solution for our customers. And so I think we’ll continue to have an ongoing investment program that will continue to move the needle forward for us.
Ronald Armstrong: In think it’s a similar state of affairs for our customers that they are all making very good of profits in their business reinvesting in new trucks and expanding their fleet I think both strategically and tactically. So, this is really just the second year where we’ve had expansion after five or six years of below replacement level demand. So I think our customers are enjoying good rates, good profitability and thinking about their business expansion plans in a pretty aggressive way.
Ronald Armstrong: We’re in great position capacity-wise. We have lots of capacity to support higher production levels in North America, Europe and around the world, so were in great shape capacity-wise.
Ronald Armstrong: As we go up in volumes, we have provided great opportunities for people that live and work around our factories. We are a great employer. We have a great working environment, and so when we solicit applications for people to join our company, we always get many more than the number of openings. So filling open positions for our factories is something that obviously takes time and effort and a lot of focus to get the right people, but lots of supply to support the demand that we have.
Ronald Armstrong: It would be the economy. I mean, if the economy softens substantially in the second quarter, things don’t progresses as economists project. That clearly is the thing that has the biggest impact on our business. So the economy is good. I think you will continue to see good demand. When you look at the products that we continue to enhance, you’ve got connected truck capability. You’ve got the predictive cruise control capability for our products. And so, the attractiveness in the operating benefits that customers can get with current products that we will be introducing into the market in the second-half are very attractive propositions for them.
