Ken Hastings: Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Ken Hastings, PACCAR's Director of Investor Relations. And joining me this morning are Ron Armstrong, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Christensen, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Barkley, Vice President, Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media on the line, we ask that they participate in a listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, including general, economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Ron Armstrong.
Ken Hastings: Obviously the on-highway business is supported by strong freight tonnage metrics. They've been pretty flat but at a very high level. I think the last numbers that came out were like the second highest level on record. So, freight activities look good, the estimation for growth for next year for North America is 2% to 3% growth. So, consumer demand is strong. And so, we see a lot of positives that are going to support a good market. If you look at the 230,000 trucks to 260,000 trucks, it could be the second third best in the last decade. So, it's a good market for next year. So, we're optimistic about how things will develop as we talk to customers, as I think we commented last quarter. Customers are ordering – that have ordered are ordering levels comparable to what they ordered in 2015. I'd say a little bit of the difference is just that their expectations last year, the expectations for delivery were, they needed them as soon as they could get them. And now, they're thinking a little bit spreading those deliveries out a little further across the year. So, we're seeing positive things overall.
Ken Hastings: I would think that the medium-duty market, I think, last year was 80,000 units or so. And I think we're thinking in the 65,000, 75,000 range for 2016.
Ken Hastings: Neil, the medium-duty business at PACCAR is being influenced significantly by the level of construction activity. We put a lot of medium-duty trucks into the construction market and so that's been strong. And as a result, our deliveries into that market have been strong. And we would expect that to continue at good strong levels in 2016.
Ken Hastings: We've also introduced some new product, the Cab-Over products at Kenworth and Peterbilt are both beginning to develop good traction. More and more of our dealers are stocking and selling those trucks. And that's a net contribution to our medium-duty production as well.
Ken Hastings: Relatively flat 2016 compared to 2015. Certainly, that would be the case in South America, somewhere in the range of 70,000 units to 80,000 units, heavy-duty in the whole region.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thanks, Ken, and good morning. Thanks to PACCAR's 23,000 employees around the world, 2015 was an outstanding year for the company with many records established. PACCAR achieved record revenues of $19.1 billion and record net income of $1.6 billion and after-tax return on revenues of 8.4%. Net income increased 18% versus the prior year. 2015 was PACCAR's 77th consecutive year of earning a net income. These excellent results reflect the strongest North American heavy-truck market since 2006, and the highest European heavy-truck market since 2008. In addition, PACCAR Parts earned record pre-tax income and PACCAR Financial Services achieved another strong profit year. PACCAR celebrated several important milestones in our 110th anniversary year. This included the delivery of DAF's 1 millionth truck, the production of the 100,000 engine in our Mississippi engine factory, and 35th anniversary celebrations at Peterbilt's Denton, Texas factory, and at PACCAR leasing. During the year, PACCAR continued investing in premium quality products and services in our core markets, and expanding our presence in emerging markets to provide the foundation for future growth. PACCAR's fourth quarter sales in Financial Services revenues were $4.4 billion and quarterly net income was $347 million, a strong 8.8% after-tax return on revenues. During the quarter, European truck deliveries increased, partially offsetting reduced North American truck deliveries. The strong contribution of all company segments enables PACCAR to attain the highest operating margins in our industry. PACCAR declared cash dividends of $2.30 per share last year, a 25% increase compared to 2014 and the highest total dividend in company history. The regular quarterly dividend was raised by 9% during the year. PACCAR's total dividends in 2015 provided a yield of over 4%, which is in the top 100 companies in the S&P 500. During 2015, PACCAR repurchased 3.8 million shares of its stock for $202 million. PACCAR delivered 35,400 trucks during the fourth quarter, in line with expectations. Vehicle deliveries and truck and other margins in the first quarter this year are projected to be comparable to the fourth quarter. Peterbilt and Kenworth achieved a good market share of 27.4% in the U.S. and Canada heavy-duty truck market in 2015. Class 8 truck industry retail sales totaled 278,000 units for the year. Peterbilt and Kenworth also achieved a record 17.4% share of the U.S. and Canadian medium-duty truck market last year, resulting in a record 27,300 medium-duty truck deliveries for PACCAR. 2016 will be another good year for the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry truck market with retail sales estimated to be in a range of 230,000 units to 260,000 units. Additional good news is that Peterbilt and Kenworth dealer inventories are in great shape entering this year. DAF increased its market share to 14.6% in the European above 16-tonne truck market last year, compared to 13.8% in 2014. The market was a strong 269,000 units in 2015. Looking at this year, we anticipate that the European above 16-tonne truck market has the potential to expand further and be in a range of 260,000 vehicles to 290,000 vehicles. Economic growth in Europe is expected to increase this year to 1.7% with more than 2% growth anticipated in the UK, DAF's largest market. PACCAR Parts generated record pre-tax profit of $556 million and strong revenues of $3.1 billion in 2015. The excellent results were driven by strong freight tonnage, high fleet utilization, and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts. During the year, PACCAR Parts set records for parts deliveries to fleets, online part sales, and TRP part sales for all makes of trucks and trailers. For the fourth quarter, PACCAR Parts achieved revenues of $750 million and pre-tax income of $126 million. Our expectation for 2016 is that parts and revenues – is that parts revenues, excluding the effects of currency movements, could increase 3% to 5%. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $293 million in the fourth quarter, and pre-tax income was $90 million. The good results benefited from continuing strong portfolio performance. PACCAR leasing end of the year was a record 39,000 units in its full-service leased portfolio. For the full year, PACCAR Financial Services earned pre-tax income of $363 million. At this point, I'm going to have Michael Barkley address the effects of currency movements on our segment operations.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Thank you, Michael. As we look at next year, PACCAR's projected research and development spending of $240 million to $270 million and capital expenditures of $325 million to $375 million will expand Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF product offerings, enhance the PACCAR engine range, and increase the capacity and operating efficiency of our factories and distribution centers. As the company begins its 111th year, we are in an excellent position to lead the industry with the highest quality products and services. Thank you, and I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think that as we think about margins for the year, I think that we see the full year being barely comparable to 2015.
Ronald E. Armstrong: DAF has a really long history of continuing to grow their share progressively over the long term, and that would continue to be our target with the investments that we made and the great new Euro VI products that they have in the marketplace, the continuing enhancements that we make to the PACCAR engines. We've got a great product lineup. We have great service capability with PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial. So our anticipation is that we'll continue to increment that market share on our way to our medium-term target of 20%.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I can't really comment on the nimbleness of our competitors, but I know that we monitor our business very closely and manage it to balance the delivery of trucks with the demand that's in the market. I would say that based on what we know we have 45 – 50 days worth of inventory in the channel. I think the industry is closer to a 90-day measure. So as I said, we are really in great shape in terms of where we're at starting the 2016 year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Obviously, the margin performance for the quarter and the year were excellent. We expect that, as we've mentioned, margins in the first quarter to be comparable to what we saw in the fourth quarter. Almost all of the per unit degradation is exchange-related. So that's just the effects of translating currencies around the world into the U.S. dollar.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think what we're seeing is there are more used trucks coming into the market, and that's dampening used truck prices a bit. But the great news is that the Kenworth and Peterbilt products continue to earn a premium relative to the competition. And so we're very involved with selling used trucks last year. As a company, we sold about 9,000 trucks globally, and we'll do that again this year. So we'll use that as a tool to be able to support new truck business and our finance operations.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We think the margin – as we said, we expect it to be comparable to last year, and I think that would – on a market basis, I think that would be true as well.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think that North America is going to be up in the 10% to 15% range, and Europe would be down in that range just because of workdays and production, beta (15:57) production levels in each of the markets.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, it's just – we're just getting those into the field. The customers who have had the test trucks that have been running in the market – we have hundreds of thousands of test miles on those trucks, and the feedback from those customers has been excellent. So, the MX-11 has been in the European market now for two years, with great responses now, 25% of the production in our European operations. So, we're excited to offer that and think that'll be a nice enhancement to meet customer needs both in the vocational and regional haul applications.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Order intake during the course of last year really outpaced the build rate in the first parts of the year. And so we were ramping up build rate, and build rates as we start 2016 are comparable to where we ended up last year with fewer work days and just a slight reduction in the average daily count for the first quarter. So it's – lead times are in excellent shape, really, in all of our markets as we begin 2016.
Ronald E. Armstrong: There's a lot of moving pieces in there, Jerry, with pricing cost movement, customer mix, model mix, et cetera. So that's – we really don't have that level of granularity here.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Our teams are just doing a great job of rigorously managing the cost structure. We, obviously, work very closely with our suppliers to make sure that we're getting our fair share of commodity cost movements. We have great products. The Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF products are the highest quality and demand premium price in the market. So, as we look at this year, we feel that 2016 will be comparable to our 2015 levels.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. I think as we look at Parts – Michael talked about the exchange rate effects and so when you compare the fourth quarter results with the fourth quarter the prior year, they're essentially the same as last year, very strong fourth quarter last year. There were fewer new trucks being delivered as well as I think a little bit of rebalancing of inventories in the market, but as we commented, we think Parts will continue to grow as we enter into 2016. Our Parts team has done a great job with some of the many programs that they've put in place. And we continue to see, obviously, growth in the engine parts business as we go forward. So, we think there's continued to see positive momentum as we go to 2016.
Ronald E. Armstrong: And I would add that Kenworth and Peterbilt are very strong in the vocational segment and construction activity continues to be strong, forecasted to grow once again for residential housing in 2016 and so the vocational segment for us is performing very well, especially with the new products that we're introducing into both Kenworth and Peterbilt.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Our parts mix will grow a little bit and the parts margins are obviously good. We'll continue to operate it at a very high level in the Parts business and that should be a net positive for margins as well.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Cancellation activity in our operations are very normal. There's nothing unusual that is happening in that arena. And in terms of where we're at in the cycle, I think that's to be determined. The economic fundamentals are positive, and we see that we're going to track what the demand is, and we think the demand is going to be a good market for 2016.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think there are obviously some operating leverage effects in there, and it probably reflects more the mix of parts that were being distributed during the quarter.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think most of the ups and downs are just timing of when some of the larger fleet orders appear in the order board. So I think as I said, large fleets are planning buys, and their buys are generally pretty consistent with what we saw for deliveries in 2015.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think if you just go down the list, I think pricing reflects good markets. And so we have great products to offer the market, so we feel good that our products demand a fair price in the marketplace. Cost, I think there's probably a little bit of downward momentum on prices with commodity cost reductions. so that's a bit of a benefit. But everybody is getting that same benefit in the industry. Our factories and businesses around the world do a great job of managing their cost structure. And our purchasing groups around the world do a great job of procuring and working closely with our suppliers. We have a great supply base that provides us timely deliveries, quality parts. And so we work closely with them to make sure that we can support our business and our factories can operate efficiently. So all the factors as we talked about R&D for next year, we're projecting a little bit of an uptick. That R&D spending will occur pretty ratably during the course of the year. We manage our SG&A closely. We're thinking SG&A for next year will be comparable to our 2015 levels, and that those amounts will be pretty comparable quarter to quarter. So as we look at next year, we feel good about the prospects of being able to continue to manage in a very prudent, cost effective way.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We have great medium-duty products and more and more of our dealers are becoming engaged in the medium-duty business. And I think we're seeing the benefits of that over time in North America. We have great products in Europe. As I mentioned, with the increase in share, we did get to a record level of medium-duty deliveries last year. And we'll continue to invest in our product, to continue to make enhancements, and look forward to continuing to have opportunity to grow that business going forward.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, I don't. We obviously continue to push the number. We're 27% share of the heavy-duty market, 17% of the medium-duty market in North America, so there's lots of upside for us.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We're seeing prices pretty stable in the U.S. and Canadian market as we progress through the first parts of the year. So, we expect that that will continue.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think that's our expectation, really in both regions, some level of growth in the 3% to 5% range for both North America, Europe. And obviously, we're starting to grow our business in Brazil. So...
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. And we got 105,000 engines that we've produced out of our Columbus factory. And that we're seeing that engine business – it's still early days from a parts perspective, but that will continue to be a positive factor in our Parts business for years to come.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We don't have – provide that level of detail. But you can look at the market size estimates, and I think get to a pretty good number.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. It's all the factors that we talked about. I mean, it's the cost management aspects, the favorable potential movement from commodity cost movements. So, all the elements of our total margin picture play into that and there's no one individual item that I can point to and say, that's the difference.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think used truck inventory levels for PACCAR are very normal, yeah. We have a pretty normal level of used trucks and we expect that sort of stay as we look at lease returns, et cetera. As we progress through the year, we should be able to keep that at very normal levels throughout the year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Again, as we talked about earlier on market share, we have a long tradition of building that share and our teams had done a great job of getting the products in place, great products in place with really industry-leading fuel efficiency, and so we continue to target growing our share into various markets. And there's inventory levels throughout the channel, dealer inventories in Europe are in great shape. And so there's no real inventory buildup or reduction. It's pretty steady.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Obviously, as we said in our press release, we think the shares are an attractive option at the current pricing level. And so, we expect we'll continue to do some share repurchases during the course of 2016, as we do in many years.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think as we look at our portfolio and our asset base, I think the earning asset – average earning assets that we'll have for 2016 would be fairly comparable to our 2015 levels, which were really at record levels. And the Leasing business has done very well over a long period of time, celebrating their 35th anniversary in 2015. They continue to work very closely with our dealers and our customers to continue to grow that business. They ended the year with a record level of units in the fleet, and we continue to look for opportunities to expand our business in Europe. And during 2015, we launched our PacLease business in Australia. So continue to look for ways to have leasing make a valuable contribution to the overall company results.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think they'll be very comparable to – it's a pretty steady level. It obviously gets impacted by the level of employment, discount rates, et cetera. So I think we'll see maybe some benefit from a slightly higher discount rate that will benefit pension expense a little bit in 2016 for North America.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So all of our truck divisions and our engineering teams around the world are involved in evaluating all the technologies that can benefit our customers, including the technologies that will support autonomous driving. We've demonstrated autonomous vehicles at various exhibitions in North America. Our team in Europe has also demonstrated their autonomous capabilities with tuning activities, working with government and educational institutions. So a lot of work in that area, working closely with suppliers who have the technologies that can support that activity. So it's an ongoing activity. I think we're several years away from seeing that in the truck business. But we're right at the forefront of all the developments that are going on in that arena.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. Obviously, Brazil, we've made a significant investment in our new plant operations, the products that we've launched and are launching in the market. We're excited about the prospects for Brazil and the rest of South America as we go forward. Our teams are doing a great job. We have a great dealer representation that is representing the DAF product in the Brazilian market. We have the opportunity to increase our production and increase our penetration. We had an excellent showing at the Fenatran truck show in November in São Paulo. So our team enters 2016 with a lot of positive momentum in a challenging market. In Russia, the DAF organization there has done a good job over the last years of increasing the number of locations representing the DAF product. And when the economy improves in Russia, we'll be able to grow our deliveries in that particular region. If you look at Asia, still an area of opportunity for our company. We continue to evaluate ways that we can participate greater. We have great presence in India and China with our purchasing activities, our technical office in Pune, India that supports our information technology and engineering activities. So we're very cognizant of what's going on in those markets and continue to look for opportunities to play a bigger part. As we look forward, we just invested in Brazil with the launch of the DAF CF product, so expanding the product offerings. We're now assembling the MX engine in our DAF Brazil factory. So we'll continue to make investments in expanding the product offerings and improving the productivity and efficiency and the capacity of our operations in these markets.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, the MX-11, we think that will be very well-received. It's been very well-received in Europe. We think that as customers get more exposed to it and accustomed to its capability, that it will become a greater portion of our engine build in North America. We continue to ratchet up our MX engine penetration in Kenworth and Peterbilt products, averaging around 40% for the year, 42% in the fourth quarter. The MX-11 will help move that further forward. And we see in the near term, next year or two, getting that up closer to the 50% range. And as we look at the capability of our engines currently and in the coming years, it will meet roughly 80%, 85% of what customers need to do their work. And we continue to get more and more of our customers starting to take some MXs to really test them in their fleet. And typically after customers have had that chance to have that test and they see the great performance of those engines, the great fuel efficiency, more and more of those are converting their business to the MX engine. So, it will continue to progress over the next years.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. I think it supports and we've got a long history of incrementing our parts distribution capacity, almost every year, in some form or fashion and so this is just the next step to continue to support that ongoing growth level for our parts operations.
