Ronald Armstrong: No. The transition of production to the new CF, XF and soon the LF vehicles, that's all gone very well. So production ramp-up has gone without any challenges. And so we're moving into the next phase with the vocational trucks and getting ready to transition with the new LFs. So all that has gone very well. Yes, Harrie has some thoughts here. Just a second.
Ronald Armstrong: I think one of the great things that is just coming online is not necessarily tied to the launch of the new products, is the Westerlo cab paint shop, which does have the latest state-of-the-art paint robotic applications in the industry. So it's a fantastic plant. If you ever get a chance to go to Europe and visit DAF's facilities, that would be certainly be a stop because it does have state-of-the-art robotics and the quality and the finish of the products is great.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, Jerry. As I mentioned, I think that the commercialization of that is several years away, probably outside a reasonable planning window for any significant adoption. Battery packs are still very large, they're heavy, they're expensive. And so there's really -- while we need to be ready for that technology, the commercial viability of that has some ways to go. So I don't think that's going to be something that we're going to be factoring into thoughts about margins, et cetera, in the near term. I think it's a midterm technology that we'll see. And first, it will be in vehicles -- the smaller vehicles and vehicles that aren't in the mainstream like, say, port applications or refuse trucks, something like that.
Ronald Armstrong: Okay. Let's talk about technology. Obviously, we've just opened our office in Silicon Valley. And so we have a lot of relationships before we opened the office, and we'll continue to build relationships for future technologies in the areas of connectivity, advanced driver assistance systems, including autonomous, electrification. All those things are things that we're involved with currently and will continue to be involved with. I don't see that will impact -- we are projecting that our R&D spend will go up somewhat next year, but in terms of gross margins, I don't see that being a factor in the near term at all. With respect to customers, the feedback from discussions with customers is, I think, pretty optimistic about their prospects, what they're seeing in terms of demand and, more recently, some favorable freight pricing. So what we're hearing from customers is generally positive, at least orders as high as last year. I think it will continue to be dominated by the on-highway fleet guys, but vocational is very good. There's lots of construction in certain parts of the country. And if there is an infrastructure plan that gets implemented, that will bode well for the demand for vocational trucks as we start next year as well.
Ronald Armstrong: What we've seen is relatively steady pricing. And at this market level, I think that's what we're anticipating from a pricing standpoint. You're correct about the used truck market there. Prices are firming. And I think most of our guys and the folks we talk with feel like that used truck prices have bottomed and are stabilizing and have some upside. On the used truck side, we're starting now to see more of our newer model trucks being returned off lease, so that's a positive sign that we'll see over the next 12 to 18 months.
Ronald Armstrong: For now, we're thinking that next year is somewhere in the 3% to 5% range for Parts revenue growth for next year, but we'll see how it develops. Obviously, the demand is there. We're continuing to add dealer location. Our team has got great programs and really making it easier all the time for our dealers and customers to do business with PACCAR Parts. We're adding distribution capability. We're just starting the construction of a new facility in Toronto, and we'll continue to increment our distribution capability in the coming months and years. So we feel good about the prospects. And right now, 3% to 5% is our thinking about next year globally.
Ronald Armstrong: I think as we sit here today, I mean, it's a great product to offer, but we have competitors in the market. And so we're going to be able to earn what the customer is willing to pay. And so at this point, pricing feels like it's a pretty steady proposition in both Europe and North America.
Ronald Armstrong: I think we're pretty sort of focused on the dollars. And so I would think the dollars will be pretty comparable to third quarter levels. So I don't see any significant increase in the fourth quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: No, I'd say segment-wise, I think we anticipate similar mix of our sales to what we've seen in 2017, which is in Europe, DAF continues to be a industry leader in the tractor segment, continues to focus on growing their vocational volumes. And the new trucks that they've just launched will enhance their capability in that arena. And in North America, I think we anticipate that the growth in the market will come in really all segments, both the on-highway as well as some vocational. So I don't see any particular segment mix or customer mix sort of affecting our sales next year.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So I think if you look at this year, U.S. is probably flat to maybe a little bit down year-over-year, but Canada has bounced back. The Canadian market this year is stronger than it was in 2016. I think next year, I think, we expect the U.S. will be the area where a lot of the growth will occur for U.S. and Canada. And Mexico, it should be another good year in Mexico, expect the market to be comparable. Election years in Mexico sometimes have a little bit of an uptick because of some of the stimulus that gets added to the economy. So that could be a potential upside for Mexico next year.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, Seth. The big thing is that DAF has a 2-week shutdown during the third quarter, and plus they're building on basically a single shift during a couple weeks before and after that shutdown period. And they're building about 1,000 trucks a week, so that really is the big, big element. And DAF has increased their production somewhat for the fourth quarter. So the combination of those is really -- the really big effect is the absence of the shutdown days from the third quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So one of the things that has been beneficial for DAF is the fact that there's more sales this year outside of Europe, the European truck registration market. So you look at what we're selling into Russia, selling into the Indian region and South America, into Australia, into Africa, so all those things have supplemented DAF's build rate during the course of this year.
Ronald Armstrong: Right now, I guess I would say I expect gross margin for next year to be comparable to what we're seeing in 2017 at the market size estimates we've provided. I would say that if you look at the build rates for DAF and Peterbilt and Kenworth where they're currently at, if those build rates were able to be sustained for all of next year, the markets would probably be at the upper end of our estimates that we've provided for 2018.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I think a big increase in fuel efficiency came with the engines that were launched this year. So DAF, 7% was a combination of fuel efficiency gains from the engine as well as aerodynamics of the enhanced vehicle features. And Peterbilt and Kenworth had a 4%, 5% increase at the beginning of this year with the model year '17 engine. So the next big increment, I think, will be in the 2020, 2021 time frame as we continue on the path of working on the 2021 greenhouse gas regulations. But there'll be ongoing increments each year as we have to get certified each year and we continue to make investments in the capability of our hardware. But even more importantly is the capability of our software. So we're investing a lot more in our company today in software capability, software development for engine programming, truck control units and the integration of all that into a solid system. So that's where you're going to see some of the gains in the coming years, is that continuous improvement in the integration of all elements of the truck and the powertrain.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I think we're reasonably conservative at this point. And we haven't started the year and we're trying to predict what next year is going to be. I think we feel confident it will be a better year. And we'll see, as the year goes on, how it progresses.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, our team was just at the Fenatran truck show last week. And I would say the optimism of the industry and our team is good as we enter 2018. We've seen an increased quoting activity in the market. We've increased our build rates as we've progressed through this year, and we'll start next year at even higher build rates. So the market is recovering. We just launched a new truck for heavy haul applications in agricultural industry. And so that is going to give us some additional product capability in the market. So we're pretty bullish about what the near term looks like for Brazil in terms of being on the road to recovery and taking advantage of that and continuing to grow our share in that market.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. It's been a bit of a headwind. Last year, we enjoyed some benefits, a bit of a tailwind, if you will. And this year has been a bit of a headwind. But I see next year -- again, it's not a significant effect. We do have the long-term agreements with our customers -- our suppliers, excuse me, that allow us to work those in ratably and work those into our pricing into the market. So I don't see it being a significant item as we go into next year.
Ronald Armstrong: It's actually down just slightly. And when you compare our penetration this year to last year, we offer our customers the PACCAR option and the Cummins option. Cummins is a great, great partner of ours. And so it really depends a lot on who's ordering at a particular given time, but we continue to enjoy great success with the engine. It's very well received by the customers, and we continue to work on getting increased penetration. So I'd say just down slightly a little bit this year compared to last year.
Ronald Armstrong: Andy, that portfolio is performing great and has for really post 2010. And so any movement in those provisions typically has to do with the amount of the assets that we have. But the amount of actual credit losses that we're seeing are pretty isolated. And there's no indication that the customers' ability to pay is going to be affected anytime soon with pretty robust transportation markets in all the markets where we're doing financing at this point.
Ronald Armstrong: No, I don't think we've seen that. We've been able to -- we have a great value proposition for our customers' with our products, with the aftermarket support that we provide, with parts and really supporting the uptime of our customers, great financing product. So I think the total package -- I mean we still are able to earn a premium with the quality of all the things that we provide our customers. So we've not seen anything -- there's always the isolated instance or isolated deal or somebody may do something that you scratch your head about, but that's no general trend.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I think that's our current assessment. I mean, there's obviously some upside potential as we progress through the year. We'll see how that develops. So right now, we're thinking 14.5%, plus or minus, from there. And so the factories -- we've made some great investments. The factories are operating very efficiently. And we'll see how pricing develops during the course of the year. So I think somewhere between that 14% to 15% range is sort of where we think things will develop as we progress.
Ronald Armstrong: No. Typically, the extended backlog is longer-term buyers, fleet buyers. And so what fills in, in the shorter term is the stocking trucks, the smaller customers. And the margins in the backlog are generally consistent with what we're building currently.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So I think there, you've got the higher mix of trucks. You do have a bit of material cost headwind, and we continue to see some of the currency impacts with the British pound versus the euro and the Mexican peso. So those are just things that impact the margins, but we continue to work through those. And the opportunities for us to continue to grow the business, continue to generate good returns for our shareholders, we see those as -- continue to be consistent with what we've achieved in the past with respect to incremental margin.
Ronald Armstrong: I would guess they're coming from warehouse distributors, would be where I would think we get most of our upside with our TRP brand and the ability to service and have greater access to second and third owners of really All Makes of trucks.
Ronald Armstrong: I mean, obviously, whatever the warehouse distributor -- they're distributing, there are some private labels and vendor stuff. And so we're getting better access to that customer base than what we've had previously when you're just going through the Peterbilt or Kenworth or DAF dealer network.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I mean, just ongoing discussions with customers, with dealers and order activity is the sign that tells us how things are going. And so order activity is aligned with the market estimates that we've provided.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So our used truck inventory has declined progressively throughout this year. And so as we end the third quarter, we're at our lowest level of used trucks that we've had. So we're well positioned with a good level of inventory to sell into the market, both out of our retail sales locations as well as through our dealers. So we're right where we feel we need to be with respect to used truck inventories.
Ronald Armstrong: No, I think it's typically -- parts margins are typically driven by the mix of the product lines that we might sell during any given period, so proprietary versus vendor versus TRP versus PACCAR genuine. So there's lots of different levels of parts. And typically, the margin movement is affected more by mix than sales prices or material cost movement.
Ronald Armstrong: I think all segments are interested. But I think when you look at the economic reality, the smaller the vehicle, the more likely that technology has application. So it's just going to be a while. There needs to be a breakthrough in battery technology for that really to be commercially viable for -- the higher up you go in the truck market. So I think everybody is interested. Everybody wants to know what we're doing, and we've got a lot of things that we're exploring. But the economic viability, as it stands today, like I say, it's more midterm than it is near term.
Ronald Armstrong: Good market. This year, DAF has been able to increase its share up on the 15% range from 11% or 12% in some of the prior years. We have good dealer representation, good support for the product. So it's a good market and one that we're taking advantage of as it currently sits.
Ronald Armstrong: I mean, used truck market is pretty steady, I guess I'd say. Again, one of the positive aspects that DAF and PACCAR Financial in Europe will experience is the fact that starting next year and on for the coming years, that there'll be more and more of the Euro 6 product that will be coming back off lease, coming in on trades. And we'll have the newer models to sell in the used truck market. So overall demand at this point and pricing seems to be pretty steady.
Ronald Armstrong: At this point, it's a lot more talk than there is actual impact, what we're seeing in the market. So that obviously goes into play in December. And so we'll see how it develops. But right now, it doesn't feel like it's a significant element in truck orders and truck buying decisions.
Ronald Armstrong: There's no real areas of concern. I'd say, at this point, that the bottom end of our range is conservatism. As I mentioned previously, if we continued with our build rates as they currently sit at DAF and Peterbilt and Kenworth, the markets would be at the upper end of our estimate. So the lower end just really reflects some conservatism.
Ronald Armstrong: I think if you look at the -- probably the second half run rate for SG&A, some of the effect in the second half has been there's just some little stronger currencies with respect to the euro, et cetera. So I think if you look at the second half run rate of SG&A, that's probably indicative of what we would expect for full year 2018 in terms of absolute dollars.
Ronald Armstrong: So the revenue is just we have a bit of an increasing interest rate environment, we have higher assets and we had the higher mix of operating leases in our portfolio. So there's several things that impact that. As we think about next year, right now, we anticipate that the portfolio will continue to perform well, that our customers will have good economic conditions in which to operate. And so credit losses will continue to be muted. Used truck values seem to have stabilized, and so I don't think we'll see any challenges on the used truck side. So as it sits here today, we feel good about our prospects for 2018 in the Financial Services arena .
Ronald Armstrong: Probably at the pretax profit level because we sort of manage our R&D and SG&A more to a fixed cost.
Ronald Armstrong: It's going to depend on how the year progresses and how material costs develop. And we're well positioned. And at this point, again, I think margins would be in that 14% to 15%. And whether they're at the upper end or lower end of that range depends on a lot of factors that are to be determined.
Harrie Schippers: The production started already in June. And like Ron said, the ramp-up had been pretty smooth. The trucks offer 7% better fuel economy and lots of other benefits for our customers and have been extremely well received.
Harrie Schippers: So Ann, if we look at the U.K. market for us, registrations year-to-date are exactly the same as they were last year. Market share is up 0.1%. We're above 30% market share, still continue to be market leaders in the U.K. And also orders year-to-date are at the same level as they were last year. So we haven't seen that softening in the U.K. that some people talked about.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, it is flat. In the month of September, it was a little bit lower, but year-to-date, it's at the same level as it was last year. So September is always a big month with new license plates, so we got some fluctuations in that month typically. But year-to-date, we're at the same level.
Harrie Schippers: A market like Russia is a lot stronger this year than it was last year. Historically, it's still at pretty low level. It's not back to the levels where it was several years ago. And it's a market for Euro 5 trucks. Our DAF trucks performed very well there. The customers liked the quality, the fuel efficiency, and our share has grown from -- to a level of around 15% year-to-date in that market. So really, really good story there for DAF in Russia.
