Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 48,400 trucks and achieved excellent truck parts and other gross margins of 18% in the second quarter. We estimate third quarter deliveries to be around 43,000 trucks to 44,000 trucks, with strong truck parts and other gross margins of around 17%. The third quarter delivery estimate reflects normal truck markets and the regular summer production shutdown in Europe. PACCAR parts achieved excellent second quarter gross margins of 30.3%. Parts quarterly sales grew by 4% compared to the same period last year and is expected to grow around 4% for the rest of this year. PACCAR Parts focus on expanding its customer base and providing a full range of transportation solutions is enabling solid revenue growth in a softer after-sales market. PACCAR Parts opened a new distribution center in the country of Colombia in the second quarter and will open another distribution center in Germany later this year. Each new distribution center increases the number of dealers and customers benefiting from receiving Parts on the same or next day. PACCAR financial is having another good year. PACCAR financial services' second quarter pre-tax income was $111 million, reflecting its high-quality portfolio and normal used truck markets. PACCAR achieved an industry-leading return on invested capital of 27% in the first half of this year. In 2024, we're projecting R&D expenses in the range of $460 million to $480 million as we continue to invest in key technology and innovation projects. These include a full suite of high-quality clean diesel and zero-emission powertrains, innovative advanced driver assistance systems, and new connected vehicle services that enhance our customers' operational efficiency. PACCAR is planning capital investments in the range of $725 million to $775 million this year as we continue expanding manufacturing capacity at our factories in Europe, the United States, Mexico, Brazil, and Australia. These investments are supporting PACCAR's growth as well as our customers' success. PACCAR's investments in its industry-leading truck lineup, efficient manufacturing capacity, best-in-class parts, and financial services businesses, and the continued development of advanced technologies, position the company well for today and for the future. Thank you, we'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: Price cost in the second quarter for trucks, price was up slightly less than a percent, cost was up slightly more than a percent. So pretty much in balance. If we look at the Parts business, price was up 3%, cost was up 5%. So a little bit more margin pressure there, as we saw in the 30.3% gross margin for Parts. But a really nice performance if you take into account that the overall aftermarket Parts market was smaller, especially in the U.S. and Canada this year.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, in Europe, the volume for down 30%, as you mentioned Jamie, especially in Central and Eastern Europe where DAF is strong, the market is softening. So DAF is working through that. We continue to benefit from our new DAF, which has the best fuel economy in this industry and it's positioned in a premium pricing position. So we'll continue to benefit from that. But yes, weakest [ph] Central and Eastern European markets do have an impact on DAF a little bit more than proportional for Europe in general.
Harrie Schippers: I'll kind of just follow up on that comment on vocational. Obviously it's a strength for PACCAR. Are you looking at the vocational market where you're having, say, better visibility into 2025 already, just given a key supplier that's maybe limiting a little bit how many vocational you can sell? How should we think about vocational into 2025 versus, obviously we all can think through a pre-buy or not, but the vocational in particular. Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: I think for the pricing, I said pricing was up 3%, and cost was up 5%, and we expected continued to see favorable pricing developments as we move through the year. I think as we look forward in the Part side, maybe specifically, we would start to see some improvement in price versus cost in the outer quarter.
Harrie Schippers: The one thing that drives this, Chad, is also the legislation on greenhouse gas reductions. So over the last five, eight years, we've been improving clean air gas emissions, which means fuel economy improvement for our customers. So it means that if you buy a new truck today compared to five years ago, you'll get a truck with 10%, 15% better fuel economy. And that's creating a lot of value for our customers.
Harrie Schippers: The last two or three years, I think we were also held back by supplier capacity. And now with the supply base easing up, we get the opportunity to go market share. And that's what we're doing with the great new products.
Harrie Schippers: So we get guidance for the third quarter with an excellent 17% gross margin. Fourth quarter, we'll talk about that during the next call, Nicole.
Harrie Schippers: They support the growth. It's not, if you add a distribution center that automatically results in Parts growth, but it gives us a proximity and capacity for Parts and better delivery performance that benefits our dealers and customers. So it definitely supports the growth, but it's not the only thing that drives the Parts sales.
Harrie Schippers: Used truck prices have come down to more normal levels. And especially in North America with inventories also at normal levels, we expect that to continue in the second half of this year.
Harrie Schippers: The market in Europe is down. And you're right, we're seeing some pricing pressure there. But I think the team does a really nice job in keeping the premium position of the new DAF in Europe, and we'll continue to do so.
Harrie Schippers: I don't think we -- I don't think the mix, geographical mix has a big impact on our overall margin. I think all the regions are performing really well at this point in the cycle.
Preston Feight: Good question. Thanks for taking the time to ask it. I'd start by saying that the reason our R&D and CapEx expenses are moving upward is because we have a lot of really good projects to work on. They come in the form of technology related to emissions, but also just improvements in operating efficiency of trucks and transportation solutions we can provide to our customers. So when we have a good set of projects, we invest in them and that's what we're doing right now. Regarding the changes in emissions regulations, we don't have the answer to that. And what we do think is it's unlikely and that it won't change the total number of trucks PACCAR delivers over a few year period of time. It might just shift the timing of those.
Preston Feight: We've shared with you previously that our intention is to grow our market share. And so what we're doing is getting capacity in a line with that, so that if we see peak market conditions that are kind of similar to what we saw in 2023, that we can grow market share in those markets as well. So you could think of it as like a 10% to 15% in some case increase in capacity.
Preston Feight: Well, I would start by saying remember in Q3 there's a typical holiday season in Europe that takes a few thousand units out, which has some impact to it. I'd also say that as we look at the truckload sector, our customers' rates are remaining low. And I think that has some opportunity of impact for pricing and cost balance in the third quarter as well. But there's no big one-time thing sitting in there.
Preston Feight: No, I think what you look at is the comps are really strong from last year when the market was just constrained by supply. And now it's not. So I think everybody's participating in the truck and the parts market. I think the team is just doing a fantastic job. I mean, 30.3% Parts margins are very strong and continue to be strong. So we think that we'll see improvement in those as time comes along again. But obviously, we're making sure that we keep our share of the market. And I would kind of remind that the after-sales market is down this year. And so Parts growing in a down after-sales environment is a testament to their great abilities. And still achieving margins above 30%.
Preston Feight: No, I think what we'd say in the previous years is you can look at a lot more other factors driving things. There was timing of deliveries. I mean, there's the term that you all would like to use, the red tags of a period of a couple of years ago. So I think you'd have to say we're in a more normal operating environment right now. And normal feels healthy and good, but you'd expect the Q3 deliveries to be in that 43,000 to 44,000 range.
Preston Feight: Sure, Tami. Good question to think about the totality of the market. What we see is like the vocational market remains strong for us. We still have a lot of demand for our market-leading trucks for Peterbilt and Kenworth in that space. The LTL market remains healthy with kind of a normal cadence to it. But I think our customers in the truckload sector are still seeing spot rates at low levels and contract rates at low levels. And maybe that's the part that there might have been an expectation of starting to lift off the bottom at this point for them.
Preston Feight: Yes, just kind of what Harrie said, Angel. I think the fact that our after-sales parts team is growing in a market that's declining, that our truck division and Peterbilt and Kenworth are growing market share in a market that's smaller last year is just a testament to the high quality products and transportation solutions the team's providing. And I think it's just showing up there.
Preston Feight: Sure, happy to do that, Angel. Yes, you bet. If you look at the third quarter, we have a few openings left in the third quarter, but we're substantially full for the quarter. And in the fourth quarter, we're over half full. So obviously, as we said before, the vocational segment is the place where they have the greatest strength and then the LTL market, less than truckload market. And then the truckload carriers, I think, are trying to decide what their cadence is going to be for the balance of the year.
Preston Feight: And I think, Carrie, you said it, but I just re-emphasize the fact that the pricing discipline of the team is very good right now.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. So David, pre-buy, we're spending a lot of time with our customers. I don't think there's been any change in kind of their assumptions. The EPA rules are sitting out there already. I think they'll probably remain out there. It's easy to hypothesize they wouldn't, but I think that's speculative. And so I think they're trying to figure out what their buying plans will be in 2025 and then into 2026. But I don't think there's any change in assumption right now. I think trucks are being well-used. There is a lot of freight being moved out there. So trucks are being healthily consumed and they'll need a replacement at some point. I'd also say that from an inventory standpoint, the industry is at like 3.9 months of retail sales. And PACCAR is at a very healthy 3.3 months. So as we're seeing our market share gain, we feel like our inventory is in really good shape. And I would add to that the factor that we have such a high vocational share that's also contributing to where our inventory levels are at. So things feel quite good for us in terms of inventory with the shared growth we're realizing.
Preston Feight: You bet. I think that with the infrastructure spending that's just getting really going in the U.S. and the amount of reshoring that seems to be happening, that bodes well for a strong vocational market for a while, and there have been supply constraints in the inventory or in the vocational side of the market. So I think that we see steady strength for quite a period of time.
Preston Feight: Yes, good observation, Jerry. Warranty costs have been developing very favorable, and it reflects the excellent trucks that we're currently building and that customers are experiencing. So yes, that's moving into the right direction.
Preston Feight: The 5% cost increase is broad-based. Its inflation in the Parts business is a little different than the trucking business. But the price versus cost reflects the softer off the sales market in North America, mainly, that we talked about earlier during the call.
Preston Feight: The California market has taken a bit of a pause and a breath. I think, as the Advanced Clean Fleet, Advanced Clean Truck rules have come into place, the market has slowed down and say that we are the only ones that have developed an engine that I'm aware of, an engine that is fully compliant. And so that engine is just entering the market because there was a lot of carryover from last year there but that engine is entering the market and will be an early look at technology for 2027 and really pleased to be kind of leading the way into that.
Preston Feight: That's a great -- I love your first question in there and thinking about the truck market today and the ability. I think that the market has access to great PACCAR products that are providing a lower total cost of ownership today, more than at any point in history. And so these trucks are helping our operators be more successful, our customers be more successful, and I think that's contributing to a structurally stronger PACCAR where we're able to realize better margins cycle over cycle, and we're doing that. And I think the same is true on our transportation solutions and our PACCAR Parts businesses where we're able to get more and more Parts to our customers in the same day which is highly valuable to them which is also helpful to them. So I think that that's why the structurally stronger business is working so well.
Preston Feight: Well, what I look at right now is I think the team's done a fantastic job of looking at the share growth that we're realizing right now. I mean, we've gone from 27.7% last year to 31.5% this year and delivered 18% gross margins in the second quarter. I'm really proud of what they're doing in keeping both in balance.
Preston Feight: Great question. I think it's what we're all trying to understand in the future. It's part of the reason we did this in a joint venture is we wanted to develop batteries that were optimized for the commercial vehicle market and had a great cost position for them. So we had the most competitive products out there. So we get scale here, but we also get benefits of cost. The primary applications will start, I think, in return to base. So that could be medium duty or pickup and delivery where trucks' total cost of ownership could be positive with a battery operation, but you can keep your charging in a local area. I think that will be kind of how we thought about the offtake, and it'll take, I think, significantly more time before this would translate into an over-the-road solution. But we can use this battery factory to serve other markets as well. It's not just have to be North America. And I think it was a proven to be a good decision the way we structured it.
Preston Feight: No, I think I would look at it, Nicole, as saying that that's half of the total delivery shift between 2Q and Q3, and then the other is market.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think I would look at it also in saying that while prices is feeling effective in the market, you could also say that costs might have some opportunity, but just not as much as price right now. And so I think, as you said, we talked about the Q3 gets less clear at Q4, but we'll definitely update you in the next call.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think exactly what Harrie said. I'd echo the fact that these investments are strategic and long-term in thinking, right? They just build a better support system for our customers and our ability to get same-day deliveries, which contributes to the long-term success and performance of the Parts team.
Preston Feight: Yes. I mean, 50% full for 4Q this time of year is extremely normal. So if you went back over the longest term, this is right in the wheelhouse of normal. And that's what we see in the market too. We see kind of a very normal, successful market where PACCAR can perform well. And I think that it's too early to talk about 2025 pricing.
Preston Feight: Michael, it's a good question. I think we'll have to watch and see what that is. I think it's obviously not that easy to predict it. There's a lot of factors that go into it. So I think that our focus is on making sure that we gain our share of whatever the market size is, which teams are really demonstrating success in doing with great products. But knowing the cadence for when that might turn, I think you think in a couple of quarters might be a good way to think of it, plus or minus.
Preston Feight: I would look at it and say that we have a long history in the industry of having these emissions changes. And I think when they bring cost into the market than people want to buy their product sooner. And I think we'll see the same kind of approach here. How far forward that will trend, I think it depends on too many factors to kind of weigh in on it.
Preston Feight: Well, that's a fun question, Jeff. And I wish I knew the answer to it, but I would say that the two you characterized are probably the dominant characteristics of why the share gain is coming great products. And then I think the strong sectors where PACCAR is the leader. So I don't know if it's necessary to kind of put percentages on them. I think we'll just say that it's nice to see both performing so well.
Preston Feight: I think one of the things you can see that's really helpful to us is the strength in South America and Brazil specifically, another place where market share has grown significantly. So that's grown with good margin performance also. Obviously not as big as the U.S. and Europe, but it is a contributor in a positive way. So I think as Harrie said, all the teams are doing a good job of keeping the balances right. Pleased with the performance it's delivering.
Preston Feight: Yes, Tim, I think it's a very good question. And you know obviously, PACCAR quite well. And our approach is a long-term strategic view of the market. We're in it for the long-term. We're here to support our customers. We keep making smart investments, which are good for the long-term. And so we aren't quite as concerned about an outlook of what the market might be in a quarter. We're just going to doing the right things and gradually growing our share and increasing the performance of our products for our customers and growing the business. And that's the way it works out for us. And as we started the call with Harrie mentioned making investments in capital and products that support future growth, and we're going to continue doing that in the wisest way possible.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that we've kind of hit that a couple of ways in this call, and I would say that the vocational market is -- continues to be solid. And so with that strength, that's good for us. Our inventory at 3.3 months compared to industry at 3.9 feels quite healthy and appropriate given the share gains we're making, and then I think the mixture of where truck and other things come in is there's some timing associated with that. We're sitting here in late July now. Fleets tend to enter into this a little bit later. Over the next couple of months, they'll get more clarity on what their capital allocation plans are for the next year, and then we'll see what that balance looks like in the fourth quarter.
