Ron Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported record revenues and strong operating results for the first quarter of 2018. PACCAR’s first quarter sales and financial services revenues were $5.65 billion and first quarter net income was $512 million, a 9.1% after tax return on revenues. Revenues were 33% higher and net income was 65% higher compared to the first quarter last year. PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly pre-tax profits of $192 million. PACCAR achieved excellent Truck, Parts and Other gross margins of 14.8% helped by strong global truck and aftermarket parts demand. First quarter margin is benefited from a favorable customer mix and increased seasonal demand for proprietary parts in the aftermarket. I’m very proud of our 26,000 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered a record 44,500 trucks during the first quarter. U.S. and Canada Class 8 industry truck orders averaged 42,000 units per month in the first quarter and have exceeded 30,000 units per month for the last six months. DAF above 16-tonne orders increased 41% in the first quarter compared to the same period last year. Due to the robust orders, we expect to deliver 7% to 9% more trucks in the second quarter of this year compared to the first quarter. Second quarter gross margins for truck will be similar to the first quarter of around 12%. Parts margins will reflect increased sales of TRP and routine maintenance parts. Total Truck, Parts and Other gross margins will again be strong at the mid 14% level. The U.S. economy growth is driving record freight tonnage. Customers are operating at high utilization levels and are expanding their fleets. We’ve raised our estimate of U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales to a range of 265,000 to 285,000 vehicles this year. PACCAR’s forecast for the European above 16-tonne market has been increased to a range of 300,000 to 320,000 units, reflecting the strong freight transport activity and truck demand as well as the steady economic outlook. The new DAF CF and XF, which won the International Truck of the Year are seeing strong demand, achieving a 16.4% share of the European heavy truck market registrations in the first quarter. PACCAR Parts quarterly pre-tax income of $192 million was 27% higher than a year ago. Pre-tax return on revenue was an excellent 20.4%. PACCAR Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $940 million, 19% higher than in the same quarter of last year. These results were driven by growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation, PACCAR’s investment in distribution centers and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts and our dealers. For the year, we expect parts sales to increase by 10% to 12%. PACCAR Financial Services first quarter pre-tax income was $68 million, 19% higher than first quarter last year. The PACCAR financial portfolio performed well. Industry demand and pricing for used trucks increased compared to the first quarter last year. PACCAR Financial continued to invest in the remarketing of PACCAR trucks by opening its fourth truck remarketing center near Los Angeles. These truck centers further enhance Kenworth and Peterbilt residual values, which command a 10% to 20% premium over competitors’ trucks. PACCAR’s strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the Company to invest $3 billion in new products and facilities in the last five years. This year, capital expenditures of $425 million to $475 million, and research and development expenses of $300 million to $320 million are targeted for new truck models, integrated powertrains including electric, hybrid and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, and new product technologies for advanced driver assistance systems and truck connectivity. Additional investments are also being made to expand and enhance manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. PACCAR is realizing the benefits of strong market conditions by delivering the highest quality products and services in the industry and investing for future growth. Thank you. I’d be pleased to answer your questions.
Ron Armstrong: Sure. The growth is really across all the product lines. Obviously, freight activity has a large impact. But our teams, we’ve expanded our distribution facilities. We’ve got lots of great programs with engines, with our fleet services, our e-commerce capabilities. So, the team has done a great job of really putting together programs that build the loyalty of our customers to PACCAR Parts because they can provide the parts faster and more efficiently than some of the competition can. So, the team has been working on these initially for many years. And now we’re seeing the real fruits of the investments and the efforts to the team’s put forth. On the TRP side, if you look at same store sales year-over-year, we’re up about 20% on the independent standalone TRP side.
Ron Armstrong: It would probably pull the overall average down just a bit, because it’s typically all -- makes parts for the all brands of vehicles. 
Ron Armstrong: I think, again, we’ve seen a positive trending in the last three to six months on the used truck pricing. And so, we’re seeing just the opposite. We’re seeing the positive trends.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think we’re seeing increases in all those segments sort of across the board. I wouldn’t say there is any particular segment that’s outperforming the other, probably a little bit higher sleeper mix just because of the demand for on highway trucks.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think more of the on-highway fleets will place their orders in the late fourth quarter, early first part of the year. So, I think we’re just seeing the effects of the timing of when they place their orders.
Ron Armstrong: Well, demand is good. And we see no indications that demand is lessening. So, we’re going to build the trucks that we can build and we have the capacity to be able to support our customers’ needs.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. We’ve seen some moderate ability to increase prices, particularly on smaller truck orders. But, we’re also seeing some moderate increases in the input costs, and we continue to see commodity costs trend upward. But, again, our long-term agreements facilitate that being smooth over time and we’re able to realize that as a marketplace for the most part.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So, we talked about our second quarter overall gross margins being in the mid 14% levels, and we will see an increased mix of deliveries to fleet customers in the second quarter. But, that’s all very normal. And so, we expect another strong margin quarter as we mentioned.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. The factory overhead and all of our other costs trended exactly as we expect with higher volume and we’re seeing the benefits of the operating leverage. We see that in the 14.8% margin for the quarter.
Ron Armstrong: You saw the great results that we had in the first quarter with 19% increase. So, we are expecting our dealers, and dealers are doing very well. And so, we’re providing the support for those incentives as we go.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Our truck divisions and materials teams, our purchasing groups have done a great job of really coordinating well with our suppliers on our build plans. As we mentioned, we’re planning to increase our build rates in the second quarter. And so, it’s a very coordinated approach with our supply base to make sure that we can execute that. We don’t take the build rates up unless we feel confident in their ability to deliver. And so, we’re working very closely with them as we always do. But, so far, it’s been excellent in terms of the support.
Ron Armstrong: Sure. The cancellation rates are very low, Joel, just to have the occasional cancellations and reorder, but that’s pretty uncommon at this point. And so, in terms of the customer demands in Europe and in North America, it’s really strong. The economies are all trending positively. So, I don’t see any reason why the demand can’t be good for the foreseeable future.
Ron Armstrong: That’s -- we’re -- we’ve got a lot, like I said, higher mix of fleet deliveries in the second quarter and that’s…
Ron Armstrong: Yes. That’s a good point. If you look at the mix of trucks, we’re going to be up -- we’re up 30 plus percent on trucks in the first quarter, and the same will be true in the second quarter. And the incremental margin on trucks just isn’t as great as it is on the parts. So, that proportion as a dampening effect of the overall margin.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So, our distribution, we’ve had presence in the Andean region in South America for decades. And we introduced the DAF truck models into that region five years ago and continue to see the DAF models increase their penetration in the Andean region of South America. And we continue to invest in products for that part of the business. And of course Brazil, we introduced a heavy application, off highway application late last year at the Fenatran Truck Show and that truck is now entering the production and should help support our dealers and our customers with an addition of expanded product line in Brazil. The team there is doing a great job, the product is very well received, and our distribution network continues to expand as we progress and build out our truck line as well as distribution capabilities for the country. 
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think, given that the first quarter we had a favorable customer mix in terms of deliveries to dealers for stocking purposes as well as smaller fleet, and we’ll see more larger fleets in the second quarter. And the parts business -- rate activity with respect to proprietary parts in the first quarter.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, at or near record high levels in a lot of markets. So, yes, the trucks are performing well and it’s well recognized across Europe.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. It’s typically, it’s supply and demand business. And yes, there is definitely an opportunity. And it’s also moderate pricing gains in the first quarter.
Ron Armstrong: We’re going to continue to build trucks for customers. And we’ve seen no signs of lessening in demand. So, as the year progresses, we’ll get a better feel for 2019. But our assessment is that as long as the economy is good that the truck markets will be good.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, for sure. Customers -- there is larger fleet customers often times will place orders for multi-year. So, yes, there is a nice base line, if you will, of business that’s been booked for 2019.
Ron Armstrong: Well, it’s the same every day. I mean it’s a competitive marketplace. And everybody is quoting customers. And so you have multiple people buying for business. And we obviously continue to earn a premium on our products relative to the competition. But, customers are willing to pay extra for the lower total operating costs, the higher residual values, but there is a limit to that. And so, we focus on the value of our products and we don’t compete on price necessarily.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. We reassess accrual rates every quarter. And so, it’s closely watched by Michael and his team and the operating folks. And so, our warranty expense really reflects our best assessment of what’s going on in the field. At any point in time as you transition to new models, you’ll provide a little bit of extra warranty in the early days, but our experience is that that will rapidly come down, because the products are better. And so, we see the ebbs and flows of new models and in maturity of new model et cetera over time. 
Ron Armstrong: We’ll evaluate it every quarter. So, we’re reflecting our best estimates every quarter along the way.
Ron Armstrong: I think, again, it’s a competitive environment. So, you always balance pricing opportunity with your ability to earn the share that you think you should earn. So, it’s an ongoing balancing of those two factors.
Ron Armstrong: Again, pricing is sort of an ongoing daily assessment of how the market is trending. And so, we’ll see -- we’ll just make those calls as we progress throughout this year.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So, for margins, I think that mid-14% level for the year is probably a pretty good proxy for what we think the average for the year will end up being. And in terms of R&D, yes, I think, the run rate in the first quarter is a good proxy. The first quarter -- we saw about $5 million to $6 million increase in R&D as a result of currency movements. But, the rest of it is focused on new truck models, new engines, including as you mentioned electric hydrogen fuel cell and hybrid vehicles. So, we’re making investments in a lot of fronts, including the advanced driver assisted assistance autonomy and truck... 
Ron Armstrong: So, we continue to be in the 40% to 45% range. And we would love to see that develop over the coming years. And we think it will as more and more customers realize the benefits of the engine and as we get into greenhouse gas regulations in 2021 and subsequent years, I think the demand for our engines will continue to increase. And yes, we are definitely seeing the benefits of that in the part sales. And we’re now into the seventh year of -- since we started the production of the engine here in North America and the population continues to grow. I think, we’re approaching close to 200,000 MX engines in North America and of course DAF has PACCAR engine in all of its trucks. And so, yes, we’re definitely seeing the benefit on the aftermarket part size, as a result of the engine introduction and continuing growing population.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I would say that I don’t know the exact numbers, but the MX engine growth is definitely probably above the overall average for year-on-year.
Ron Armstrong: David, I’d just have to disagree with you a little bit. I think the margins are excellent in terms of looking at what we’re providing to our shareholders. And so, as we think about the mix, the mix goes up and down quarter-to-quarter, depending on whether you’re selling a large mix of fleet customers at a point in time. And so, that’s sort of ebbs and flows from quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year. And so, we’re -- we feel good about the operating results. We have the best margins, best operating margins in the industry. So, I think, we feel good about where we’re at. 
Ron Armstrong: Well, I think as we’ve talked about earlier, the growth in revenue is particularly strong on the truck side relative to the parts side. And so, at 12% on trucks and 27% on parts, the trucks are accelerating faster that sort of dampens the incremental. And you can -- we delivered 15% to 20% incrementals over time, and that’s what we’d expect.
Ron Armstrong: Well, on the medium duty side, we think the market will actually be a little bit stronger this year than last year. And of course, last year was a record year for PACCAR for medium duty truck deliveries over 29,000 trucks. And so, based on the strong share and the good market conditions, we have an opportunity, we have an excellent year on the medium duty side. We’ve had some growth in expanding our customer base some significant orders that have come in. And so, we’re excited about the prospects for that vehicle. And we continue to invest in enhancing that vehicle over time.
Ron Armstrong: So, about $7 million of that increase on SG&A was currency driven, slightly higher professional fees. The first quarter typically has a little bit higher cost related to long-term incentive grants that doesn’t recur for the rest of the year. So those are sort of the key reasons for the increase.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. As we look forward to the next few quarters, I would say, it would be probably slightly lower maybe than first quarter level.
Ron Armstrong: No. I think, the urgency is strong. I think, the customers want their trucks as they’ve put in orders for this year or orders for maybe that extend into 2019. But, they thought about what -- when they want the deliveries. And so, it’s -- they’re definitely looking to get the trucks. The fuel economy of our current vehicles is excellent. And so, they get operating advantage by buying that new truck as well. So definitely, I think there they’re definitely wanting to get the trucks delivery.
Ron Armstrong: So, we are exploring a lot of different avenues with full electric, hydrogen fuel cell, hybrid. And so, we’ve got a really diversified program. We’ve got trucks that are in the field being tested. And as we look at the truck segment that we participate in, we think the part where the evolvement will be the greatest, will probably be on the medium duty side, the light or heavy side, regional, urban deliveries where they can support the range. The still the issue is the economic viability of electric and fuel cell vehicles, just because the up-charge typical electric trucks is going to be about twice as expensive as a normal diesel vehicle. So, as long as there are subsidies and as long as maybe the regulations dictate, zero emission vehicles in certain zones, in large cities, that’s going to create some demand. But, until it’s economically feasible, there won’t be wide-spread demand. So, that could be five plus years.
Ron Armstrong: If you look at the last 15 years of our parts revenue development, it’s averaged an 8% average annual growth over that period. And I think with the engines, I don’t see any reason that we’ll see a significant deviation. Again, the team has done a great job. We continue to make strategic investments in new distribution capability, continue to invest in technology in those distribution centers to be able to have the best parts of availability and on-time delivery for our customers. The programs the team has put together continue to be enhanced. And so, I think, we’ll continue to see that pace of growth I think as we look into the future.
Ron Armstrong: Well, we have assembly capacity that can go well beyond, but obviously it’s -- as I said before, it’s a very coordinated effort that is required with our suppliers, to make sure that we’ve got all the components to be able to support the trucks. And our teams have done a great job of delivering on that. So, it just has to develop over time, as we worked with our supply base and our teams to make sure that works, doing it cost effectively and efficiently.
Ron Armstrong: We always seem to be able to find a way to get that next incremental truck. So, I don’t think there is a limit on what we can do. It just takes gradual progression over time.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think, the demand for orders has largely been driven by the economics, the demand for freight by shippers to get freights, get goods delivered. Obviously, the 100% deductibility of equipment costs is definitely a positive for customers, both new and used. And we have seen some uptick in the demand for used trucks as well as the pricing for used trucks, and how you attribute that to the tax change or other things, but it’s one of the factors I’m sure... 
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I mean, if you look at our cash balance relative to our asset base, it’s stayed in the 15% to 20% range over quite some time. And that’s about where it’s at currently. So, we’re quite comfortable with where we’re at. And obviously, the tax law provides some additional benefits that the Board will take a look and evaluate as they always do, the opportunity to repurchase shares and pay dividends. So, that’s an ongoing capital allocation assessments; it’s discussed at the Board meeting.
