Ron Armstrong: Sure. So first quarter, we had excellent quarter from an execution standpoint. Our plants had steady build rates, as I mentioned and so able to operate the plants very efficiently during the quarter, continue to see favorable benefits from some of the material cost movement that are purchasing and materials teams are providing with our suppliers working closely with them to provide good value for our customers. The products are performing great in the field, so we have seen a good performance in our warranty cost during the quarter. So, all the elements are just a good quarter of execution provided the results that we have seen. As we look forward for the full year, margins I think will still be in that 14.5% to 15% range for the full year at these build rates. So, we will continue to operate at the kind of levels that we saw in the first quarter, I believe.
Ron Armstrong: I think the same situation exists. Our inventories are below 60 days in the field and so in great, great position. So, what we produce will find its way to the customers’ hands.
Ron Armstrong: I would say, pricing is pretty steady in the marketplace and that’s what we experienced in the first quarter.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. First talk about Australia and Mexico, I would say the markets there are good, steady and our plants out there also operated very efficiently during the quarter and markets are pretty reasonable. Brazil, the country is challenging, but we continue to move forward with our business. Build rates are steady and the team is doing an excellent job of continuing to establish and deepen the footprint of DAF in the marketplace. And we continue to see pretty good activity with respect to the Andean countries in South America with both the Kenworth and DAF brands.
Ron Armstrong: Well, one of the things that we saw late last year, first quarter this year, there is several of our competitors have a pretty sizable oversupply of used truck inventories and then it dampened the overall market prices. And so whereas last year in our Financial Services business, we had nice used truck gains, this first quarter this year, those used truck gains didn’t repeat. So it’s primarily used trucks, a little bit impact of currency movement, but they are primarily the effects of used truck pricing.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think in most countries, DAF gained share year-over-year on the quarter perspective. The Euro 6 product that DAF has had in the market now for a couple of years is now performing excellently. And the fuel efficiency, the reliability of the product is the best it’s ever been and so as time goes on, more and more customers are recognizing that. And when you look at some of the Southern markets that had been pretty depressed for quite a few years, those are recovering and DAF has a strong presence in Central Europe in countries like Poland, Czech Republic, Hungary and many of those is number one or two in those markets. So I think just the combination of all those elements coming together and DAF achieved 16.6% share for the first quarter which is a record level for them. And so it’s really across the continent.
Ron Armstrong: I think new product is a big thing. The Peterbilt 579, 567 models and the Kenworth T680 and T880 models are very well received by the customers. The engine, PACCAR engine penetration increased to 46% in the quarter. So there is more and more acceptance of the PACCAR engine in the product and so just the continued appreciation of the product, the fuel efficiency, the reliability of the current products is excellent.
Ron Armstrong: We have long-term agreements with most of our suppliers, which tend to smooth out both the up-ticks and downticks and material cost movements from a commodity standpoint. So it will be pretty muted in terms of any up-tick that we might see and how that might play into our costs and pricing.
Ron Armstrong: You typically do. I mean it may not be exactly at the same time, but typically those things find their way to the marketplace.
Ron Armstrong: A lot of it will depend on how the used truck market develops in the coming quarters. And so we will see how that develops. In terms of the interest in other, just part of that is just the larger portfolio, the asset, the average earning assets in the first quarter this year are higher and so that just reflects. We have higher assets and higher debt levels that go with that and that just reflects the higher costs to go with it.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I wish that were the case Jerry, but pricing is pretty steady in terms of this year versus what we saw last year during the course of the year. Market is good, so pricing environment has been, as I said pretty steady without much up or down movement.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So from a customer standpoint, the actual retail sales at the dealer level were up a bit during the quarter. What we saw was the dealers rebalancing their inventories to sort of adjust to individual local market conditions. So we expect that we will see in the second quarter beyond an improvement in part sales for the rest of the year.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. The DAF trucks, the PACCAR engines, the Kenworth, Peterbilt trucks around the world are performing very well, best reliability I think in the industry. And we have seen that reflected in our warranty provisions quarter-over-quarter. So the first quarter was at a good run rate that we think is appropriate for our product.
Ron Armstrong: The wonderful thing about our facility in Columbus, Mississippi, we built it at 400,000 square feet. We are continuing to add additional equipment into the facility to achieve what’s possible within that footprint, but we have a lot of – we have 400 acres of land and it’s expandable just as what we had planned it to be. So, we are earning a strong return off of the investment that we have made and will continue to make additional investments as the engine penetration grows in North America. The 50% is sort of a short midterm target. The longer term target, as we look at our customers and the applications they have, we feel the engine can meet up to 80%, 85% of customer needs. So, that’s sort of the target at this point, longer term. And so we will continue to invest in increment capacity as we needed and we will be making some of those investments in the next couple of years to support the growing acceptance of the engines doing great.
Ron Armstrong: Well, DAF has been making axles for the 20 years that PACCAR has owned them and that’s what you get when you order a DAF truck, our PACCAR axles. We are working – in North America we are looking at opportunities to take advantage of DAF’s axle technology and capabilities. We have great working relationships with Dana and Meritor who are providing really customized applications that integrate well with the rest of the PACCAR powertrain to be able to offer our customers the unique capability of the fully integrated powertrain to operate their vehicles.
Ron Armstrong: We don’t have any visibility to the industry as a whole, but I will say DAF inventory is in great shape, very similar to what we see with Peterbilt and Kenworth in North America in the 45 to 60 day range, which is really optimal to meet customer demand and not have excess inventories on the ground.
Ron Armstrong: So for the parts business, we are getting pretty close now where foreign exchange rates have been pretty comparable. A little bit of effect on revenue, I think, it was $10 million in the parts business in the first quarter. And I will let Michael sort of comment on the overall effects for the company.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think we will see a return to growth as we progressed through the year. I think parts sales globally could be up towards the 3% range for the year.
Ron Armstrong: No, I don’t think the orders create any additional volatility. They just bolster the backlog. And I think because of our – we build the truck when we have an order. We don’t build for inventory. We prudently manage our build schedule and so the fact to that we had 37% of the orders just reflects that we have got customers really appreciating the vehicle and ordering for what they need for the coming couple of months.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So last year, we were 27.5%. So I think we will be slightly above that for the full year in terms of retail sales.
Ron Armstrong: I think we are starting to see a stabilization during the quarter from the, say fourth quarter into the first quarter. It was probably a 5% to 10% impact for the market as a whole. The good news is that the Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF products continue to maintain their premium relative to the competition in 10% to 20% range.
Ron Armstrong: DAF in 2012, ‘13, was in the 15%, 15.5%, 16% range. So yes, I believe this is probably more consistent. We had some interruptions if you will with the Euro 5, Euro 6 transition. And I think this is more indicative of where DAF’s position in the market.
Ron Armstrong: Well, you see the margin benefits, whenever we get it finished and we are utilizing the facility. But as you go through the cycles, you identify opportunities to continue to make your facilities and your processes more capable. And this is just sort of the continuing effort that we go through and have gone through for 110 years of the company of continuing the best during all phases of the business cycle to be able to be prepared, one, to get the efficiencies, but also to get that incremental capacity. The penetration of the 2.1-meter products both at Peterbilt and Kenworth has been outstanding and we continue to invest in the robotic capacity in those facilities. And this is just part of that overall process that we go through throughout our history of making good prudent investments that prepare us, not only for today, but also for tomorrow.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So the MX-11, as you know we have launched that in Europe in the fourth quarter of 2013. It’s been very well received in Europe by both our truck customers, as well as we sell several thousand engines each year to bus and coach customers and that has become the engine of choice of those bus and coach customers for their applications. So 2 years of experience in Europe and launched it in January this year in North America and the launch has gone very well. I was recently on a trip visiting with some of our customers and there is a lot of interest by a lot of different types of customers particularly those that are sensitive to weight, because its 400 pounds lighter than our other offering. And so it’s a very attractive option. And so the launch has gone good. The customers who have put that into their product early days is performing as expected. And we will continue to ramp that up as we progress through the course of this year.
Ron Armstrong: It will be a stage. I mean we are purposely ramping up both the plant so that they get more comfortable with the assembly process. But early days is very promising.
