Harrie Schippers: Thank you, Preston. In 2022, PACCAR Parts set new records for annual revenues and profits. Annual revenues increased by 17% to $5.8 billion and annual pretax profit increased by 30% to $1.45 billion. Annual gross margins expanded to 30.4% from 28.6% in the prior year. PACCAR Parts is a high margin and high growth business. PACCAR Parts expanded its global distribution network in 2022 by opening a new parts distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky, and its 18 PDCs worldwide. We estimate Parts sales to grow by 10% to 13% in the first quarter of this year, compared to the same quarter last year, as high truck utilization contributes to strong global demand for parts. PACCAR Financial Services’ fourth quarter pretax income increased to a record $151 million which is a 12% increase from last year. Annual pretax income increased 35% to a record $589 million. Portfolio assets increased to $17.2 billion. The portfolio continues to perform well with very low past due and low credit losses. PACCAR Financial benefited from strong used truck prices in 2022. Last year, PACCAR Financial opened a new retail used truck center in Madrid, Spain, bringing the total to 13 used truck facilities worldwide. This retail used truck centers contribute to higher price realization compared to wholesale channels. In 2023, we expect used truck prices to moderate but remain historically strong. With its larger portfolio and superb credit quality, PACCAR Financial should have another very good year. In 2022, PACCAR invested $505 million in capital project and see another $41 million in research and development. PACCAR’s return on invested capital improved to an industry leading 35.2%. In 2023, we are planning capital investments in the range of $525 million to $575 million and R&D expenses will be in the range of $360 million to $410 million as we invest in key technology and innovation projects. These include next generation clean diesel and hydrogen conversion engines, battery and hydrogen electric power trains, autonomous driving systems, connected vehicle services, advanced manufacturing and enhanced distribution capabilities. PACCAR’s independent Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers continue to invest in their businesses to provide our customers the highest level of service in the industry. These investments are enhancing our industry leading distribution network, making a significant contribution to PACCAR’s long-term success and supporting the growth of PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services. PACCAR had an outstanding year in 2022. And we're very positive about 2023. Thank you, we'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, we continue to see a 10% or 15% premium for Kenworth, Peterbilt used trucks in the marketplace. That's been around for a long time that continues. But we also see more and more benefits of the used truck centers that we have been developing and opening over the recent years, we now have 30 used truck centers worldwide, allows us to sell more used trucks at retail prices instead of wholesale, to all those things have contributed to the finance company. Like we said, the portfolio is in really good shape, past dues are low, less than 0.005%. So, yes, customers continue to pay their bills and the finance company continues to benefit from that.
Harrie Schippers: Well, Tami, it’s good talk to you, I think what we see is we have had increasingly steady production. And that's why you're seeing this first quarter number be pretty high with without any of the offline issues of last year that are behind us. So it feels pretty steady there. And I think there's opportunity for us in 2023 as we look forward.
Harrie Schippers: And I would add, if anything, industry truck segment, PACCAR has a market share of more than 40%. So any growth accelerated growth in that area, Kenworth and Peterbilt will definitely benefit from that.
Harrie Schippers: If you look at the range for the first quarter, we expect build rates to improve, basically, in all the geographies we're in so Australia, Brazil, Europe, North America, and we're going to be building more trucks and all of those areas. So it's going to be across the board.
Harrie Schippers: So the assets of PACCAR Financial Services increase of course benefitted from nice increase dealer flooring towards the end of the year, our share is about 26% to 36% of the trucks that kind of Peterbilt and DAF have sold were financed by Packer Financial Services. That's about the same as it was a year ago. I think the big increase that we see in the asset growth. In fact, our financial is the higher finances for trucks, the trucks are sold at a higher price, and that creates more assets for the finance company. And that's also one of the reasons that we expect the finance company to continue to perform well as we go into 2023.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, used truck prices have come down a little bit from the historical highs earlier last year. But I would say that even at today's valuations, used trucks are a very, very attractive business for the finance company selling used truck and making profits while we do so.
Harrie Schippers: Well, we don't guide that specifically on the FinCo earnings for the year. But I would say that 2023 will be another excellent year for the finance company.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, I would like to emphasize too, that the supply base has been improving. But we still see uncertainties in the supply base. And that's why we have the ranges that we have for the first quarter. And for the markets for North America, Europe for the entire year.
Harrie Schippers: Of course, it's nice to see that the cash balance increased to more than $6 billion at the end of December. So that's really nice milestone that we that we achieved. And bear in mind we paid a nice yearend dividend, almost $1 billion that we will be paid in January. So we use the cash to make the investments that the Preston mentioned, but also to make a nice return for our shareholders.
Harrie Schippers: David, I would say that both on tractors and sleepers. PACCAR Financial does really well selling those trucks at premium pricing. And it's part of the success of the company that we build trucks that get a premium, whether it's in a new truck market or in the used truck market and benefits the finance company and benefits the truck divisions as well.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. David, good to talk to you. The way we're looking at it as the offline units that have been limited by supplier constraints have been largely resolved. So it's fairly behind us right now. But there were some of those that were taken care of in the fourth quarter. So when we think about deliveries in the first quarter, that's basically production is good run rates, we would say that our margins are doing well on both the parts side and the truck side. And that's really a factor of all of the new trucks being in the market and pretty much fully released now in Europe and North America. So the customers are getting the benefits of those trucks, as are we. And I would add one more thing, which is the strong global performance of the team, whether it's in Australia, or in South America is going well and that's contributing.
Preston Feight: Well you know that we guide, we share information and we think the first quarter will be in general, we think 2023 will be a good year.
Preston Feight: I mean I think the macro way to think about it is, since 2020, the industry has really been not able to supply all the trucks that have been needed. So there is a strong pent-up demand for the trucks. And in addition to that, obviously, we've launched more new products at any time in our history. So that's contributing, we have excellent visibility looking into the year, we're full through the first-half filling the third quarter nicely. Demand continues to be strong in line with build. And so it's looking like a really good year.
Preston Feight: I think you did a great job of characterizing it. You see some raising some holding some where there's commodity costs where there have been improvements, but it's a mixed bag. Obviously, labor is still a factor as far as our supplier, for our suppliers, and all of those wash into the mix.
Preston Feight: Yes, the 10% to 13% growth rate that we expect for the first quarter really reflects all of those things. So we continue to see the PACCAR engine performing really well. That of course, drives incremental part sales. But the parts team is doing an amazing job launching new programs, whether its fleet sales, ecommerce, our MDI system continues to improve. It also means that we continue to grow our share in the parts business. We're announcing our TIP business, adding stores, selling more parts with TIP. So it's a mixture of all of those things that allow us to do really well in the first quarter and so we are well put.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that our teams have done a fantastic job around the world of introducing new products over the last year and a half on the truck side. And as Harrie mentioned on the parts side and the financial services side. So the totality of what benefit PACCAR providing to our customers is very high. And I think that that high benefit to them helps us grow our share. And so when our customers are successful, and our dealers are successful, then we're successful. And that's how we think of it.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that, again, I'll come back to the, for our sector. We as an industry have not built enough trucks over the past few years. And that combined with excellent new trucks that provide really good operating cost advantage to our customers, is incentive for them to continue to buy trucks. I think that the pre buy for 2024 is a non-issue. It's too limited and really only California. And customers end up benefiting in most cases when we bring in new products because we bring them features and content and advantages that help them run their operations better. But I think that when we think about the year it feels steady and strong throughout.
Preston Feight: Yes, Rob, it is an issue we need to think about it, I think what we've seen is generally strengthen both sides, truck and tractor. Obviously, it's, there's local market impacts there, but the total general statement would be strong demand for trucks and strong demand for tractors.
Preston Feight: I think the logistics costs have been varied. And obviously over last year, they increased and now I think what we're talking about is there's high input costs there. But it's moderating now, and I don't think we're especially concerned about it for 2023.
Preston Feight: Sure, I would, when we think about it, the entire part of team of PACCAR is doing a good job. So our margin performance is based upon providing great trucks that are providing value to our customers. They're realizing those benefits at time with those trucks now. And so that is effective for them. And then consequently, effective for PACCAR on the truck side as Harrie did a really nice job of outlining the parts business growth has been strong and continues to be strong, and we predict it will continue to be strong. So that's helpful to our margins. And I also say that to kind of tie in your second question is we've seen strength globally for PACCAR, right, Europe is doing very well for us, the new trucks there, XG, XF, XG product lines are the only trucks in the industry in Europe that are taking advantage of the masses and dimensions regulations which allow a different shape. So that gives us a distinct advantage in Europe. So the European market for PACCAR is strong as is understood by our 17.3% record market share, we enjoyed there. And I would say that Brazil, Australia, North America, all are doing well. So there's not a single market or a single sector right now we've just got a great team of people that have done a good job of giving our customers what they want. And those products are working really well.
Preston Feight: Well, Harrie offered some commentary on Q1 growth and said it’s very positive. One of the things that we should highlight, in addition to some of the ongoing initiatives is our continued integration of PACCAR Parts with our customers and our dealers. I think it's a really important growing part of our business, as it adds to recurring revenue strength for the future. So for us, the future looks very bright for the parts team as they bring data and capabilities into the truck into the dealerships and into the customers. So there's a higher degree of connectivity there. And that'll all be helpful to us.
Preston Feight: I think that following orders on a month-to-month basis is a risky thing to do and to try to get any guidance out of that. Because sometimes it's fleet buying season. Sometimes there's different OEMs will handle it differently. And for us, we're taking orders in the second-half. They're coming in nicely. And it seems like it'll fill in 2023 well.
Preston Feight: No, I think nothing else other than to say that we continue to be the leader in the natural gas offerings in North America. And our partnership with Cummins was fantastic. They're doing a really good job. And I think that the development of, the ongoing development of natural gas engines is something that will survey a portion of the market. You can get lower emissions in that. And so that's a part of the total portfolio of PACCAR to give our customers what they need.
Preston Feight: Sure. When we think about the technologies that will bring us to the future, we think this will be the dominant path forward for the next several years. But we're all trying to understand whether it will be driven by battery electric, hydrogen question or hydrogen fuel cell as the capabilities for zero emissions products and PACCAR has made prudent investments into each of those technologies. So we understand them, so that if one brings a distinct advantage to our customers, we're ready to offer it to them. And as you noted, we had that both trucks, we had a battery electric and hydrogen fuel cell at CES. Because we're working on both of them. And we'll put it on the market with financially.
Preston Feight: I think what we're doing is developing a product that's specific for the truck market. And we're doing that in close collaboration with them.
Preston Feight: Well, I think of it is PACCAR has an incredibly capable team of people around the world. And they're doing a fantastic job of giving our customers the trucks and transportation solutions they need. This is a really strong company. It's a growing company in all elements of the business. So we look forward to the future pretty well. And the margins will be good, we think but they'll obviously be what the market is.
Preston Feight: Well, I think we're positive on the European market, positive on the North American market. And I think that we feel good about the year, I think that our production rates are increasing. Obviously, we see that in the fourth quarter first quarter production plans. And though there could still be uncertainties in the supply base and that could have an impact. But right now, it looks pretty good.
Preston Feight: I think in answer to that I think our teams do a fantastic job of working closely with our customers, to understand what their needs are, and making sure we meet their needs as quickly as possible. I think the teams specially in 2022 did a great job of, our production teams, or purchasing teams or materials teams and our suppliers together, of producing as many trucks as we could for the customers with that strong demand. And I think that PACCAR has a long history of trying to work well in all market conditions. And I think we'll continue with that.
Preston Feight: I think we try to take a broad look at it and think that freight tonnage is up over 3%, 3.7% for the yearend 2022. So that's a good indicator of what's really going on out there. And as I've shared and we've talked a lot about, I think older trucks are more expensive to operate. And with our introduction of new trucks, coupled with strong ton miles being driven, that's good for PACCAR and bodes well for a strong year.
Preston Feight: What I think I'd point you towards is the good performance of the trucks. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF have brought out trucks that are really performing well. I mean, they're winning awards. They're the most fuel-efficient trucks in the industry, they are most desired trucks in the industry. And that bodes well for our truck margins.
Preston Feight: We think that there's a growing business in connected vehicles, and it's growing because we have our vehicles connected, there's a lot of interesting and useful data to our customers on the vehicles that we have. We've offered our PACCAR Connect System. And that PACCAR Connect System is now going to be intertwined with platform sciences operating system and application store. So with the combination of those, it gives us an opportunity for further growth. That's one thing. I'd also say that our parts team is working closely with the data that comes from the truck, our financial services team works closely with the data that comes from the truck all to the benefit of our customers and our dealers. And we think that will be a growing opportunity in recurring revenue.
Preston Feight: David, I'm going to let you work that, that's not how we are looking at it. We just think about the products we're offering, the benefit to the customers and making sure that we're the leader in the market with those products. So how the market [Multiple Speakers]
