Mark C. Pigott: Well, we indicated that we estimate that margins in the fourth quarter should be a little bit better than the third quarter. We have come out with a lot of new products this year, as you're aware, and we're starting to see some benefits from that. Also, our customers, over the last few years, have done pretty well, so there might be a slight improvement in industry pricing, and working with our suppliers on reducing some supplier costs is having a benefit. So I think all in all, those are probably 3 primary reasons.
Mark C. Pigott: I think that order intake, if you -- well, obviously, you've have had some very good success as I think the entire industry has in terms of the pre-buy, there's a couple of other elements to consider. One, we're still waiting, as the whole industry is, for Germany to share their thoughts on any MAUT discount, so I look at that as a bit of an incentive to purchase Euro 6. We expect that in the next month or so. So that'll be a benefit for the industry. I think in terms of orders, we're finding very good success with our customers on acceptance of the Euro 6 vehicles. They perform well. They have good fuel economy. They're attractive and continue to lower the cost of operation for our customers, so we take that as a good sign. But you have to overlay that with what's happening throughout the Eurozone and some of the challenges ongoing. The U.K. is having a remarkable uptick in their economic performance, and that's a strong market for DAF, and -- but -- we're looking forward to next year. We've got great products. We continue to add dealers. We're growing in Central Europe. We're growing in Russia. We're growing in Turkey, and so there's a lot of positive momentum for the DAF.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Well, with respect to the question about gross profit, when we talked about margins in the opening comments, we were talking about the gross profit will benefit, in the fourth quarter, from the higher production levels. So that will pass through to the operating profit line. With respect to Euro 6, Euro 6 does have a cost uptick, and we're working with our customers and trying to realize what the potential of the product. Product is great. The customers have received it very well, and we're excited about being able to offer that in the European market as we begin next year. And then your final question about market share growth. We're and have been for 108 years are focused on high quality and great returns to our shareholders. There's always competitors. Each of them have their own unique approach to the marketplace. They come, they go, sometimes they even come back when you think they're gone. So I'm sure that we'll continue to have good share and great support from our customers.
Mark C. Pigott: We're seeing some improvement in October. I think you've accurately summarized the economic environment in, let's call it, the U.S. and Canada. I think Mexico is a separate market again. There is a lot of different types of signals facing our customers and their end customers. We're looking for some general economic growth to kick in, and that's going to -- that's more than just the trucking industry. But we are seeing some improvement in orders. Once again, we've got a whole new range of Kenworth and Peterbilt products that have been well received, and our PACCAR engine is doing well. Our customers are making money. Some of them are not making as much money as they did a year ago. There are different industry factors affecting that. But overall, we have some positive GDP growth, which we are, this year, and we hope to have an improved GDP next year. It should benefit all of us.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think on the truck side, I think we'll see most of the improvement will be in Europe because of the benefit from the, call it the pre-buy. And U.S. and Canada would be sort of in line with what's been going on. There's a few less production days during the quarter. Then, of course, we have the parts and finance business, which continue to perform well and are achieving many record levels, and they're working hard to keep that going.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we have increased our production rates about 4x in the last 2 months to meet that increased demand. Even at the production rates we're at now, they're still a little bit lower than we were back in 2007, 2008. So we do have the capacity infrastructure. And obviously, it takes a lot of coordination, working with our suppliers, very good suppliers, and because they've got to ramp up recognizing that the first quarter next year will return to more normal levels. So there's very much of an integrated logistics approach here.
Mark C. Pigott: Not per the guidelines that each of the countries have. I mean, the good news is that we're getting a very good response on the Euro 6 vehicles, and that is certainly the focus now of our customers and our dealers, who have been processing, as you've indicated, a lot of Euro 5. And that has pretty much come to a conclusion and now people are saying, "Hey, I love these DAF Euro 6 vehicles. Let's start selling those and getting those in the factories." So we're filling up the first quarter with Euro 6. Also, the Euro 5 will continue to be a factor outside of Western Europe. So Russia, Turkey, Middle East, Africa, Australia, China, Taiwan. So that will still be an ongoing contribution to our production through next year and actually for probably 2 or 3 years.
Mark C. Pigott: That's exciting, exciting times, and the truck market in Brazil is continuing to grow. We registered our first group of DAF Trucks a month or so ago, so that was a memorable highlight. And the factory is good. I think there's videos and pictures on the Internet. So it's going very, very well, and we'll be there next 50 to 100 years. We're looking forward to it.
Mark C. Pigott: The vocational, as you indicated, we have seen some improvement. We're also very excited about launching our new vocational products here in the next 6 weeks of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF, which I think will give us a nice boost. And certainly, our dealers and customers are looking forward to it. There has been a little bit of slowdown in some of the vocational markets, but there's still a lot more demand than there was a year ago, so we're taking advantage of that. So when we go to vocational shows, we talk with our end customers. They haven't been purchasing for a number of years, so they're excited to be back in the market, and they're very excited by the new products that we're launching.
Mark C. Pigott: I do. It's a great question. First of all, well, you plan it as far in advance as you can, and it's obviously an integrated program with our suppliers, as I mentioned earlier. In terms of the production for the second half versus the first half, I think the second half will be higher production than the first half. And yes, I don't know, I won't consider it lumpiness. I consider it opportunity to make more trucks but...
Mark C. Pigott: No, no, that is not correct. But it's a nice thought. No, we're talking about overall 5% for the company. That's the -- that's our shared guidance.
Mark C. Pigott: They're up compared to a year ago. And -- but we've also increased through this year, so you have to take a look at the increase from the second quarter of DAF, which were up 16%. And then obviously, the rest of the world, some are going up, some are going down. So overall for PACCAR, it's 5%, which is a very good, robust number, I believe.
Mark C. Pigott: Ann, you've been in this industry quite a long time. It's just the industrial pre-buy psychology, that's what people do. Obviously, there is a price increase in the marketplace of between EUR 10,000 and EUR 15,000. So if you're a customer and that's a major consideration, you have to make the best business case for your own business. That's typically why we see a pre-buy.
Mark C. Pigott: There are some very minor discussion, but I think, as you pointed out, it is 3, 4, 5, 6 years down the road. Each country, and we're in 100 countries around the world, is proactively trying to meet North American and European environmental regulations. So I would expect that a number of years down the road, there'd be more regions of the country that are adopting almost a global environmental standard. And so I think that the used trucks will have many happy homes wherever they go.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we do flex our employment rate, utilizing some temporary workers, and that's a pretty common industry practice and been going on for quite a few years. And it works well for everybody. And as I've indicated, the production increase from, let's call it, second to third quarter, it's probably 5% to 7% for DAF and then continue to increase that. So I think the 70% it's -- we're very pleased to get the number of orders, but I don't think that should be taken as a stand-alone number in terms of production increase.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, they move sort of in sync with our truck production. So obviously, we're selling more trucks. We're manufacturing more trucks, and we need more material and labor to -- in order to produce those trucks. So it moves in sync; don't think it's anything. It's very normal.
Mark C. Pigott: Over the next couple of years, as I shared in my opening comments, we're just looking for a steady, gradual growth, sort of 18 to 24 months. Longer term, as we said in a number of press releases, we'd like to achieve 20% share, which is our target in all of our markets, but it's early days. We're pleased to be getting the production of DAF Trucks and we're just beginning the whole process. So steady as she goes.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. I think the Parts team have done a remarkable job. When you look at a couple of things of why they've been able to achieve that. First, we have the largest population of PACCAR vehicles in our history out running around between 1.5 million and 2 million vehicles, Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks. Second, we've got the most dealers in our history. Third, we've increased share over the last number of years from, let's call it, 22% to almost 30% in North America and in Europe from, certainly, 10% to 16%. So we just have a lot more activity out in the marketplace. Complementing that, the Parts group has -- have been very innovative in developing their TRP, their all makes brand, and also working with the customers you typically wouldn't think of, whether it's the bus market or gen sets or industrial equipment who need parts. So they really had a broad approach to the parts marketplace. And we continue to add our distribution centers. I know a number of companies seem to get a lot of press when they add distribution centers. Well, we're adding distribution centers. We just opened up our largest one in the last year in Eindhoven, 280,000 square feet. We just opened up a new one in Brazil. We just double the size of one in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. So you take all those very positive investments and approaches, and the result is you got a Parts business that is continuing to grow and generate good returns.
Mark C. Pigott: I think North America is a little bit stronger. Europe is improving, but it has a little bit of the flavor of some economic challenge, but it's good all the way around the world.
Mark C. Pigott: I think the teams are very used to the ebb and flow of the industry and do it very, very well. We have a lot of great people working in. Obviously, we also have a lot of good systems, whether it's the PACCAR production system, and we're also a leader on Six Sigma. So I think in just terms of building more trucks or building less trucks, that is part of what our team does. I think, the first quarter will probably be more in line with the rest of the year excluding the pre-buy. So we're looking for a reasonable quarter.
Mark C. Pigott: I think the -- well, we've kind of shared the R&D and the CapEx, and I think that shows a slight reduction, which reflects a lot of these projects coming to fruition. I think the other one is as we began to ramp up Brazil, there should be some benefit from the reduction or the elimination of startup and construction costs. We've got a great factory there and starting to build trucks. So I think that'll have some benefits for the company.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we want to obviously keep all of our products leading edge. So that's an ongoing program for any company in the automotive industry. We also want to continue to expand our services. We've got great success with our finance and lease operations, which we see has more opportunities. And then you've got all of Asia, which we've had good success. We've been there for many decades, but it's still relatively small contributor to our overall profits and sales. So that's got to be an area in a region that has a lot of potential if we can do it in a correct manner, and we've had a lot of time to study it.
Mark C. Pigott: I -- we don't typically break out weeks of production. But I think in line with the rest of the European industry, we're essentially sold out in Europe through the end of the year. And the rest of our production backlog is in line with what's going on in the industry.
Mark C. Pigott: I don't think we've actually ever broken that out. It's just early days. It's just ramping up the factory at this time. So it's --
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we've indicated for next year that we see R&D and CapEx will be slightly lower than what we're doing this year. But it's a very exciting industry. You've got to keep investing. There's always opportunities to come out with new products. We also have different regulatory programs that we're working with in different parts of the world. Greenhouse gas comes to mind, new engine and powertrain regulations. So that all takes certainly a fair amount of capital and R&D. So I think in terms of harvesting, we look for these wonderful new products and services to generate good returns for our customers, our dealers and ourselves. That'll be the harvest, the bountiful harvest.
Mark C. Pigott: No, not really, no. And I invite you to tour the plant. It's up and running. It's really looking good.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it'll be a portion. We probably won't break that out, but we are making Euro 6 product in Q4, and it's going well, but it's a minority.
Mark C. Pigott: That's a great topic. I'm glad you raised that. Right now -- and we've seen this trend over the last 5 years. The 13-liter is about the same as the 15-liter in terms of industry market share. That's for the whole industry. And it's interesting that there have been more new 13-liter engines introduced over the last 2 years than 15-liter from anybody in the industry as people -- and our customers certainly become aware that 13-liter has a lot of benefits. The fuel economy is very good. A little lighter weight, it has the same durability, reliability, a little lower cost. And essentially, it's the engine that is the high-end engine around the world in any region you go to, from Asia to Europe to Africa, South America. We just introduced our 11-liter, which we're beginning production. It'll be installed in the DAF product this year. And we're even hearing now from customers that for vocational, the 11-liter may be the engine of choice for that application, where you're driving within a 50-mile radius from your home, your base, it's got a lot of power, a lot of torque. And once again, it's a little lighter weight, a little lower cost, and it could be the solution that a lot of our customers are looking for. So I think like you see in the whole automotive industry, including cars, you're getting more power density and you see the car guys are now coming out with, I mean, even 1-liter engines and 2- and 3-liter engines, whereas 10 years ago, 15 years ago, those were 5- and 6- and 7-liter engines. So we see that same thing going on in the commercial vehicles.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I look at it on a positive side as how fast the 13-liter can grow. But I think if you look out 5 years, I think the 13-liter will continue to increase its share.
Mark C. Pigott: I would say as we go forward, it's probably in the 15% to 20% range would be Euro 5 product and the remainder would be Euro 6 product.
Mark C. Pigott: Of course, the owner-operator market as we know it essentially has been amalgamated into fleets. So you're really talking about fleets, whether they're small, medium or large. And we've had different regulations, and different federal guidelines have been implemented in the last 12 months that they're now taking on board, whether it's hours of operation or just how the vehicle is going to be performing. But it's a very resilient dynamic industry, great fleet operators, great fleet owners. They've been around through a couple of pretty serious downturns over the last decade, and I think they're doing well. They're excited about the new products. They're seeing some general growth in the economy. We've got the vocational side starting to improve. Consumer size seems to be reasonable. So I think for North America, or U.S. and Canada, I think it should be a good year.
Mark C. Pigott: I think you could say there might be some distinction between truckload versus less-than-truckload, but I think that's been in play for the last decade or so. But I think the customers that we typically work with across the board are in good shape.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we've got 2 excellent transmission or gearbox suppliers, Eaton and ZF. Each of them has slightly different, although there some overlap in their approach in the marketplace. ZF is our primary supplier for the DAF product in Europe and wherever else we sell. DAF and then Eaton would be primarily for Kenworth and Peterbilt. And they've got products that compete very well against all of our competitors. And everybody's working on the same engineering premise in terms of making it truly an integrated powertrain from the engine, all the way back to the rear axles. And I think the success that we're getting with the PACCAR engine integrated with ZF or Eaton is standing up very well. And we continue to have very good shares, so we're having good success. So every automotive supplier is certainly evaluating their approach to powertrain and seeing if they can get a benefit for their customer.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, very exciting, and we can keep working on it. Every year, we have certain goals. And if you have a chance to go down to the Mississippi factory, I encourage you to. It's a beautiful facility.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, we are, and we continue to have about 40% share in the natural gas industry. So we're very excited about that. And as that market grows, we expect to grow with it. Natural gas is about 1% of the total marketplace. Customers are starting to invest. The infrastructure is in the early stages of being built out. So we see that as an alternative fuel for customers that it makes sense for. And we're right there with it and, in fact, leading the way.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it's a good engine, and Cummins continue to be a major supplier to us, a major partner. And we offer a variety of engines, but I think in the big scheme of things, everybody happily coexists.
Mark C. Pigott: You bet. Well, we've -- we're talking about globally that PACCAR will increase its production by about 5% with slightly improved margins in the fourth quarter. We're seeing an increase in production at DAF, and we will complete building all of our Euro 5 vehicles for Western Europe this year but continue building Euro 5 vehicles for the rest of the world for at least the next few years.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, yes. And some of those orders were also for Euro 6, which we are producing now and in the first quarter also.
Mark C. Pigott: That is correct, and we've essentially built all those vehicles for the U.K. We're still sound a little bit of a derogation.
Mark C. Pigott: It depends. If it's for on-highway or if it's for vocational, and they need to get a body. So if a dealer gets a vehicle day 1 for on-highway, it can be registered into the customer's hand within a week or 2. If it's for a body, it can be anywhere from 4 to 12 weeks, depending on the backlog at the body manufacturer.
Mark C. Pigott: I think as most companies do when you're looking out over the next 14 months, we like to have a range that provides for a lot of different eventualities. But I would think that the range would probably be on the lower half of that.
Mark C. Pigott: I think as we look forward, we've had our dealer development people. We've got salespeople in place, so then we'll see some slight increase, but it's not going to be a major factor.
Unknown Executive: No, we don't feel that the mood has changed at all. In fact, the heavier side of the Brazilian business is actually performing quite well. We're very encouraged with the way things are developing on our project in Brazil. The dealer body is very active constructing their new facilities, training their people. This week, all of our dealers are participating in the Fenner tran show in South America, and we expect to gradually improve our deliveries in Brazil over the next 12 months.
Unknown Executive: Sure. In North America, the discussions are going very well. As Mark indicated, generally our customers, their utilization rates are high. Rates are maybe not as great as they would like, but they're definitely looking at replacing the fleet and looking for some growth with economic growth.
Unknown Executive: Yes, we -- the impact on currencies was fairly muted. We got some benefit from the higher euro on revenues and a bit on income, and the tax rate we expect for the full year to be around 31%.
Unknown Executive: We continue to build trucks for the U.K. with Euro 5 and Euro 6 in the fourth quarter. So it's ongoing. But very good.
Unknown Executive: Given our mix of global earnings, 31% is pretty close for this year. 31% to 32% next year, I think, would be a good way to think about it depending on global earnings.
