Harrie Schippers: Thanks Preston. PACCAR continues to provide excellent operating cash flow for reinvestment in future growth and distributions to stockholders. Last month, the PACCAR Board of Directors announced a regular quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. PACCAR Parts achieved quarterly revenues of $1.02 billion and pre-tax profits of $210 million. PACCAR Parts benefited from the economic recovery, high truck utilization, a growing global distribution network and investments in our state-of-the-art e-commerce platform. E-commerce is PACCAR Parts fastest growing business. PACCAR Financial Services third quarter revenues were $398 million and pre-tax income was $56 million. These results reflect strong portfolio performance, low past dues and record used truck sales. Robust used truck sales led to a reduction in used truck inventory. PACCAR Financial is increasing its used truck sample capacity worldwide, which enhances margins. PACCAR Financial recently opened used truck centers in Lyon, France, Denton, Texas, and Prague, Czech Republic, and plans to open another facility in Madrid, Spain next year. PACCAR's truck resale values command a premium over the competition. Research and development expenses are expected to be in a range of $270 million to $280 million this year. Net capital investments are projected to be in a range of $570 million to $600 million. In 2021, we're planning for R&D expenses of $330 million to $360 million and capital investments of $575 million to $625 million. PACCAR is investing for long-term growth in new truck models, low emission diesel and zero emissions powertrain technologies, advanced driver assistance systems and connected services. And finally, our independent Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers continue to provide outstanding support to our customers. Our dealers are well capitalized, and have invested $2.6 billion in their businesses in the last 10 years, making a significant contribution to PACCAR's success. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: In addition to the trucks, that we will also be selling chargers, and also the chargers will need replacement parts.
Harrie Schippers: From a pricing point of view, the pricing in the third quarter was more or less, less slightly down like 0.5% or so. But pretty good performance in terms of pricing, given the current market dynamics.
Harrie Schippers: In the third quarter Jamie, we sold a record number of used trucks and the cost of those used trucks appear in that line item and used truck results were favorable compared to last year but they were fairly similar to the -- to the second quarter. Overall, the finance company is doing really well. We saw low credit losses. We have low past dues of only 0.6% at the end of the third quarter. Good portfolio, A and B credits, customers continue to pay their bills. Finance company is doing really well.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, like in the second quarter results on used trucks were unfavorable. It was nice to see that the used truck inventory came down during the third quarter. So that's going to be good going forward.
Harrie Schippers: And it's fair to say that the engine parts business has grown faster than an average Parts business. So we do get benefits from that going forward soon.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, that's correct. September was on a per day basis was up 4% compared to last year. So we've seen continued positive momentum through the quarter.
Harrie Schippers: It was really good to see the used truck inventory compound and selling a lot of used trucks. But a lot of the used truck performance will depend on what the used truck market does in general. And PACCAR Trucks get a nice premium. But we're also dependent on what our competitors are doing in the same marketplace.
Harrie Schippers: The 12% to 13% gross margin, as Preston said, is that we're achieving the best margins in the industry. And we're expected to be in that range despite a mix of more truck and are these more truck growth, the Parts growth. I think you should seeing Parts as being the same a little bit up compared to last year in the fourth quarter.
Harrie Schippers: We’re taking build rates up in all our markets. So the increased build rates applies to all our factories. But we do have fewer working days in North America in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter than were in Europe, which is the case every year.
Preston Feight: Yes, great comments, Nicole. You already captured part of the answer in talking about build days, but we have seen increases in build rates throughout the third quarter, and more than doubling from the second quarter. The fourth quarter, we'll also see increases in build rates, daily build rates in all markets. And then from a total delivery standpoint, we'd expect to see a higher number of deliveries in Europe, because of the build mix there where we have more build days in Europe compared to the third quarter where there's a holiday shutdown. But all markets are seeing increases in build rates as you see, with the strong order intake we've been seeing.
Preston Feight: True. Well obviously, we read the same news you do and we watch the increase in COVID cases. But our customers have really been providing strong order intake for the excellent off trucks that we make. We haven't seen any hesitation in orders in recent times that has come up. And our factories are doing a great job of making sure that health and safety is the most important thing that we focus on each and every day. So we're able to build trucks in the environment, safe and effective way and order intake remains strong.
Preston Feight: So the total of all of that I think is that, I don't think it's going to be disruptive to our model. It could even be helpful to our model for the coming period of time.
Preston Feight: Well, we always make sure that we invest appropriately for the opportunities that we have. And I think our history has demonstrated a great set of investments that have been good for our customers. And we always think about it from a customer standpoint. And I can tell you what, I've never been more excited than I'm right now about the kind of products we're bringing out over the coming year or two and going forward for the next five-year strategy we've laid out, we have a great set of products coming out. So there will -- the spending may increase a little bit, as Harrie showed or commented on and you can see $330 million to $360 million in R&D spending next year. But our real focus on making sure that our customers get the very best trucks, transportation solutions and parts. And it's never been better than right now.
Preston Feight: Let me just start with where we're at now, there's two-and-a-half months of industry inventory out there and PACCAR came up with about 2.2 months. And so when I look at that, I think about what the order intake looks like build rates intake, I think it'll be roughly in line. Could be a little bit more production but not too much.
Preston Feight: Sure. We think is the way this market is going to develop, processes is going to be 100s kind of next year. And then we'll get to a point in 2024 and 2025, where there's some regulatory requirements for production. And by that time, we should see ourselves in the 1000s, low 1000s. And it'll obviously depend on what kind of regulatory environment develops throughout Europe, or California. And what we want to make sure we have is the products are ready to go and the most reliable and capable products and so that's the path that we're on. So we'll be ready. If there's ready for 1000s or stages of 100s and if it was good, 10s of 1000s, we'll be prepared for that.
Preston Feight: So thinking is there, as you mentioned, well, Ross, it'll be medium duty in urban environments where trucks return back to a fixed location, fixed operation is an easy place for adoption to begin. But if there are places like in Europe, where cities might not allow a diesel truck in, then that'll mean regional haul trucks could end up being battery electric. And then as fuel cells become viable and commercially relevant, then they could play a role, also. So I think right now, what we're doing is making sure that we look at the range of full capabilities and technology choices out there and integrating them in an effective way for our customers.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that as e-commerce comes along, it's not going to affect the fact that people consume on an individual basis, the same amount of goods, it's maybe it's how those goods are delivered, but they'll still be manufacturing and distribution. And I don't think that'll fundamentally or structurally change any way from a Class 6 through 8 market. I would share that; we have some amazing products in that Class 6 market space right now with our cabover products here in North America. It's also the market leader in the UK for that cabover LF. And we have some really neat products we're developing to fill in and continue to develop the medium duty space for ourselves in the coming years.
Preston Feight: So just to start with, when you think about share we've got 29.7% of the market share in the U.S. and Canada right now year-to-date compared to 29.2%. So we're seeing good share growth for ourselves. Our MX engines are doing a great job out there with the 11-liter and the 13-liter, of course, it's 100% of their engine volume in Europe and it's 41% in North America. So that's working really well for us in addition. And then from a --
Preston Feight: And we're starting to see that in some of these trucks areas where people are looking for great products they're starting to see pricing increases. And Peterbilt, Kenworth, DAF they continue to provide a premium resale value in our used trucks business compared to the competition.
Preston Feight: It’s Preston here. I mean; we've had e-commerce for a long time. But our PACCAR Parts team did a fantastic job of creating a real user friendly, easy to use for customers and dealers e-commerce system that just makes ordering easier. But it also makes related parts easier. So that it's quite simple to go in and find, if you buy a filter for something, it might also point you towards another component. So the team has done a great job of making a very easy user interface. And we've seen significant growth in the amount of e-commerce we're doing so fast, it is the fastest growing part of our Parts business as people transition there. So that's really nice. But also just give a shout out to the Parts team for the way they're engaging with the dealers on auto except for dealer inventory stocking. So they're doing a fantastic job on that front, too. And I think both those things, plus the support of how the team is supporting our customers is leading to their growth.
Preston Feight: Well, I think the team has done a fantastic job of cost control as always right. We look at everything we do and spend where it's necessary. So I think there will be some modest increases as we get into the fourth quarter. Just for example, if you think about travel, right getting anywhere internationally has been relatively limited. So when that opens up, or as travel reopens, that will become a possibility for SG&A increases.
Preston Feight: Sure, happily. I do think as I said earlier, that the urban areas will be the easiest places to make a cost effective decision around battery electric vehicles. And I think in the battery electric space, for the regional home markets, refuse markets, that's also an opportunity again, where you're coming back to a charging station. When you get into the longer lengths of haul, especially a number like 500 miles, you're talking about needing a significant charging infrastructure. And you also have to realize that the weight of the batteries become significant to the total operating efficiency of the haul. So we think that it'll evolve in a rationale manner and will participate in that. And that's why we look at both the battery electric and the hydrogen fuel cells because battery electric will be rationale for some of the routes we just described. And potentially fuel cell will take off on some of the longer haul. But it also needs an infrastructure. So we just want to make sure that we're there with the right product for our customers. And as they want them, we'll have them.
Preston Feight: Well, we've been through a lot of emissions cycles as we've gone through the decades now. And as an industry, and certainly as PACCAR, we're always able to meet them, we intend to be able to meet them as well, we do expect that the warranty requirements change. And that just does. That's an accrual rate. So we'll make the right accrual rates for that. But we believe in our technical capabilities for both us and our partners, and Cummins to develop great engines and powertrains that will meet the diesel emissions requirements for the coming decade. And as we've talked a lot about already today, we'll have a complementary set of products in the electric vehicle space and hybrid space.
Preston Feight: And Jerry, I don't think that it'd be appropriate at this point. It's pretty early days, and we have a lot of great people working on those things. And we'll figure out ways to manage that costs to the lowest level possible.
Preston Feight: Well, two-part answer to your question, David, thanks for the question, good discussion is, when you think about our market sizes right now that we're talking about, we're coming off of the second quarter as you know well was pretty quiet, we're returning to some more increased rates. So this year is 190 to 210. And we think next year in the U.S., Canada could be in that 210 to 250 range, it's still below replacement value, it is still not a giant market. It's a healthy market. And I think there's a lot of uncertainty around what next year will bring in terms of the general economy and COVID and protocols we have in place from the labor control standpoint, making sure our employees are safe and cared for. So I think it's a little bit early to be kind of weighing in on what next year's full margins might likely be.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that's a fair generalization. I think the other way to think of it is as we look historically and even right now PACCAR always delivers the best industry's highest operating margins, and we'll continue to focus on delivering that.
Preston Feight: Sure, happy to do that, we're looking at filling in just the final slots of the fourth quarter were substantially full in both the U.S. and Europe. There are a few slots in that late November, December timeframe. They're moving quickly. And we're really kind of getting our attention focused into the first part of next year.
Preston Feight: I think they're totally different markets. Last year at this point, we're coming off of a very strong market, and coming into a more normalized market, I think. And now we're looking at the beginning of an acceleration in the market.
Preston Feight: We like to make money in everything we do, Joel. And so I think that our angle is to do that, it's early days. But our focus is always to build great products, provide great services to our customers and make money doing it. And that's our model for EV just as well as for anything else we do.
Preston Feight: We think that -- we think that if we can just share with the customers how great our trucks are, especially the things we're developing that are coming out in the coming years, that that'll take care of market share for us. We just want to make sure we get them to understand how fantastic the performance is these products we're creating.
Preston Feight: We think that that 12% to 13% is good margin performance for where we're sitting in the market sizes that we're dealing with. But just a couple of the puts and takes us in the fourth quarter, there are more build days in Europe compared to North America. And there's a mix shift in and as trucks increase compared to parts. And so those are two factors that weigh into that fourth quarter margin. But we still believe that, our focus is on providing industry's best operating margins and we expect to do so.
Preston Feight: All we see is nothing really related to push-outs right now. And what we see is that the trucking economy is doing pretty well in most of its sectors. So the refrigerated carriers are doing well. The housing people and supportive vocational markets are doing well. The consumer goods markets are doing well. This is true for both Europe and North America and people been running their trucks at a below replacement value or replacement market size for a year. And so the opportunity is that they're ready for the actual and performing high-fuel efficiency, high reliability trucks that we're building now. And so there's no real push-outs happening is people that are ordering to support their businesses, which are doing really well.
Preston Feight: Yes, there's been growth in orders as obviously the last quarter or so. And it continues to be appropriate to the market sizes that we're sitting in.
Preston Feight: It's the way to think about charging is that; you need a charger for your vehicle or for every two vehicles depending on how you operate. And so that's something that we will develop as the vehicle park increases. It'll probably be, through our dealerships, we're doing a great job of kind of preparing themselves for the industry. But we'll also be through our customers who are operating, as I said, at locally domiciled routes and then I think there'll be a more general development of the charging of chargers that goes along. And again, one way to think about charging stations is the kind of going to be $150,000, or a $200,000 to put in a charging infrastructure station for yourself. So that's -- that is going to be something where people are having to spend money on and PACCAR Parts is selling them now. And our financial companies are offering support of that. So kind of have created a entire models for the customers as we move into that new opportunity.
Preston Feight: I think there continues to be -- we started the engine in the North American market in 2010. So people have gone through obviously a build cycle, although we've got repeat customers are seeing over the span growth in the engine business and it provides great parts return.
Preston Feight: Sure. I'll happily take that one on and say that, our supply chains did really good job as we've managed through the last couple of quarters, very dynamic. They've done a good job of pulling, as we're watching the build rates go up across the world, they're supporting that very well. They're focused on health and safety for their employees too and the supply base is in good shape. And so that continues to be one of our great partnerships is working with them and making sure they're ready as we go. As far as investments, we don't have anything specifically earmarked or called out in terms of investments and suppliers.
Preston Feight: I think we just came-off of the third quarter, which was a good quarter. But we think there is a lot of room for the markets to continue to just gradually strengthen, depending on what happens in the general economy. Related to insurance and stuff, what I would share from our standpoint and play in that is, we make sure that our trucks are able to be equipped with the latest and safety technologies, to support low rates, and to make sure that our customers have vision systems, Lane Departure, and those kinds of features that help our customers keep their drivers and the general public safe. That's why our focus is there. But I think it's -- I think it's a little early after just a month or two of goodness to start thinking about it being towards it -- towards the top.
Preston Feight: That's a good question. We spend a lot of time as a company making sure that health and safety is the number one, two and three priority for us and all of our factories compare best practices, and all of them are operating in a safe healthy way. And so I don't see any greater risk in one place or the other because of the great job, the operations teams have done around the world.
Preston Feight: What we've seen is, we're the leader in those segments, with our great Peterbilt and Kenworth products, DAF products great job of our customers, and I would say the vocational market seems to be doing quite well. It's one of the places where people are spending money on their homes or putting index doing whatever they're doing. And so there's a lot of shipment of goods, for home improvement. There's a lot of construction, still continuing housing starts are strong. And so I think the sector is really doing pretty well. There's oil and gas is down. But in general, the total sector is doing really well.
Preston Feight: I think people's pricing expectations are always that we would like to see our trucks continue to provide great service. And as our trucks provide great service and low operating costs, they create a pricing premium for the PACCAR products. And that's kind of the way we think about it, relative to this quarter. And we'll see how the market develops as we look forward.
Preston Feight: No, it doesn't, all right. I mean Toyota is a great partner for us in developing these hydrogen fuel cell products. And it's not an exclusive thing and it'll need, the hydrogen fuel cell market will need a lot of players and a lot of volume to make it commercially viable. So it's accretive to our business model with them.
Preston Feight: Well we have some really exciting -- happy to do so. So we've really exciting truck programs that are ongoing right now that will develop further next year. And we'll be looking forward to sharing those with you when we -- when time is right. We have engine development programs going on with our high performing diesel engine programs around the world. And then you add to that the autonomy connectivity and electrification efforts that our teams are working on. And those are kind of the bulk of the work that we have outlined for next year and the coming years.
Preston Feight: Well, one way to think of it is that Harrie outlined it really well is think about the build days, what I would rather say is, there's build rates, daily build rates are going up in all markets in fairly good manners. And we think that that could continue. And so that's the easiest way to think about it without getting conflicted about the number of build days in the quarter. So build rates are up, markets are improving, trucks are doing really well. And we think we've got a good look at the future coming towards us.
Preston Feight: I think the way to think about the Parts business right now is that there is strong truckload business around the country, truckload, Vocational, all those markets are doing well, when trucks are running, they consume Parts. So that's what's happening mostly. So that's why that's one of the reasons that Parts business is doing good. And the other is, as we mentioned, we've got great distribution capabilities, which means we're getting an increasing share of the market Parts business, team is doing a fantastic job, not just proprietary parts, but with all make parts as well. They're TRP brands around the world, so that's contributing to the growth. And then the e-commerce programs that we have put in place or they put in place are just fantastic also. Right, they just -- they help make it easier to buy parts through PACCAR. And that's what the team is always focused on is making our customers lives easier, and doing a great job and providing a transportation solution for them. That really nailed it.
Preston Feight: Sure, I would think about it is the fuel cells a critical part of the business, the truck is a critical part of the business, the integration of the two is a critical part of the business. Supporting them in the field is a critical part of the business, the distribution, all that matters. And so we're paying attention to all elements of that. And I guess to your other questions. Yes, we’re always looking for the great partners to work with. Toyota is a great partner, we’ll work with partners on battery electric, we're always looking for the right people to be partnered with to make sure our customers get the premium trucks we provide.
