Harrie Schippers: Thank you, Preston. In 2023, PACCAR Parts set new records for revenues and profits. Annual revenues increased by 11% to $6.4 billion, and pretax profit increased by 18% to $1.7 billion. Parts gross margins climbed to 31.9%, up from 30.4% in the prior year. We estimate part sales to grow by 3% to 5% in the first quarter of this year compared to the record first quarter last year. PACCAR Parts' excellent long-term growth reflects the benefits of investments that increase vehicle uptime and convenience for customers. PACCAR's aftermarket parts and connected services businesses provide strong profitability through all phases of the business cycle. PACCAR parts has 18 Parts Distribution Centers or PDCs worldwide and is expanding its global distribution network with the construction of a new PDC in Masbate Germany, which will open later this year. PACCAR Financial Services achieved a fourth quarter pretax income of $113 million. Annual pretax income was $540 million and portfolio assets increased to $21 billion. The used truck market normalized in 2023. PACCAR continues to experience good sales volumes of its premium used trucks. PACCAR Financial continues to perform well with low past use, the larger portfolio and excellent credit quality. Last year, PACCAR invested $698 million in capital projects and $411 million in research and development. PACCAR's return on invested capital increased to an industry-leading 38%. In 2024, we're planning capital investments in the range of $700 million to $750 million, and R&D expenses in the range of $460 million to $500 million, as we continue to invest in key technology and innovation projects. These include next-generation clean conversion engines, battery and hydrogen electric powertrains, advanced driver assistance systems and new connected vehicle services  PACCAR is also investing in additional manufacturing capacity. To support future growth, including truck factory expansions at PACCAR Mexico and Kenworth Chillicothe, Ohio, a new engine remanufacturing facility in Columbus, Mississippi, and remissions battery cell factory joint venture. We're excited about the new Peterbilt Model 589, which began production this month. PACCAR's independent Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers continue to invest in their businesses, enhancing our industry-leading distribution network and making a significant contribution to PACCAR's long-term success. PACCAR had an outstanding year in 2023 and this year it's off to a very good start. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, the increase was 3% to 5%. And so we see that mostly around the world. It compares to a record quarter -- first quarter last year. So at parts, we continue to see that strong performance also this year. And for the full year, we're thinking parts would grow 4% to 8% compared to the record year last year. So -- and that also reflects favorable pricing and some cost increases.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, more or less similar. I think Europe is a little softer, so you'd expect some effect from that in Europe. But also in Europe, the new DAF continues its premium position. And as a result, we get excellent margins on those trucks.
Harrie Schippers: We saw some more normalized used truck prices in the fourth quarter. And as a result, the good performance of PACCAR Financial at $113 million for the quarter. And if we now look at this year, we expect PACCAR Financial to continue that good performance also in the quarters of this year.
Harrie Schippers: So, you're spot on, Jerry. We've 3% to 5% growth this quarter compared to the record quarter last year, a nice performance. It effect really reflects all the fantastic things our parts team is doing. Focusing on technology that makes it easy to the buyer from us, the e-commerce technology, the MDI, where we manage the dealer's inventory, make sure the parts are available when needed. Our continuous investments in parts distribution centers. The strong performance of the PACCAR engine that provide us more proprietary part. So, it just all adds up, and we've been seeing some nice trends on parts over the years as a result of these and we expect those to continue into this year.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. With the -- we've built a record number of trucks last year. MX engines that is for North America, Europe worldwide, I would say. Yes, and the investments that we've been continuing to make in our engine manufacturing capacity. We -- that will help us to grow engine penetration in North America this year. That's a very good position to grow that percentage this year.
Harrie Schippers: Used truck prices did come down in North America and Europe during the year. Now I think in the fourth quarter, North America came down low single-digit. And we do see some stabilization happening at these levels. That's why we expect things to continue at a normal level that where used trucks are maybe at breakeven, that kind of level. That's a reasonable projection, I think.
Preston Feight: Well, let me take that one for the time being and say that I think what we see is strong global markets, right, Australia is doing really well. Mexico is doing really well. South America is doing really well. North America is steady at very high levels, and we've seen normalization in Europe, which is probably we said the market in 2024 is 260 to 300, which is 15% to 20% lower, and that's kind of what we see in our deliveries in Europe. As far as the slowdown in orders, I'm not sure I can recognize that in our major North American markets, we see good order intake and good visibility.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Nicole. I mean I think what we have going on is -- and we've shared this many times, but it's worth repeating is, we have refreshed our entire product lineup in the last few years. We have really high-performing products that are delivering excellent results to the customers. And I think that the latest recognition of that is the Green Truck award in Europe, for the new DAF products that were awarded as the most fuel-efficient product in Europe as a result of that kind of performance of product, we're seeing good pricing realization for the trucks around the world for PACCAR.
Preston Feight: Yes. Well, first of all, thanks for the comment on the year. I think our team deserves an incredible amount of credit all around the world for the wonderful performance. And we see that continuing right now. On the price cost level standpoint, Angel, we think that we have good price against cost right now. We expect that to continue as we look forward. Obviously, there's a little bit of normalization in the market sizes. That's really the only thing we see going on, both Europe but Europe, as I mentioned already and North America in the single digits, 5% to 10% lower market size. But we expect see good markets and good price versus cost performance. And as you know, we don't share information on the full year. We'll get to the quarter-by-quarter analysis of things as we get further into the year.
Preston Feight: Well, I don't think I would characterize it as weaker, Tami. I think I would say that in 2023, Europe was 343,000 units, which was a very, very high year, in fact, a record year for us, right, by a lot. And I think if we estimate the market at a midpoint to be 280,000, that's a nice year. I think that what we see is, obviously, the normalization of sales in that range, but we still have these new products, which are providing great margins for us in the European theater.
Preston Feight: Well, I think what we would -- in the unpack, I like your term, what I would share with you is the parts business continues to do really well. Last year was a record, as we mentioned or Harrie mentioned in his comments, and we expect them to have a fantastic year this year as well. So even in truck market sizes that may moderate a little bit, we see the parts business doing a fantastic job. And that's because of the expansion in new PDCs. It's because of the connectivity that we're providing in the trucks. It's because of our great dealer network. And I think all of the benefits we provide to our customers. So I expect parts to continue to hum. And on the truck side, again, great new trucks are providing good margin performance. And obviously, doing a fantastic job for our customers. That's what we see out there. And that's contributing to the strong truck margins.
Preston Feight: Sure, sure. I mean, let me start by saying that it's not just a truckload carrier market out there. And in the LTL, the medium duty and the vocational markets, we're seeing strong performance of the products and strong interest from the customers with good order intake. I'd also say that from an overall PACCAR standpoint, as I mentioned, our global markets are doing quite well for us. but to dial in a little bit to your question, David, what I think is happening is the good operators, the ones that are thinking clearly about long term are continuing to buy trucks. And so they're looking to keep their fleet at a reasonable age and buying trucks and continuing that pattern. And then they're managing that against the fact that contract rates and spot rates are lower than they were and trying to maintain that balance of fleet age with capital spending. And we think that's going to continue. We think that there's an emissions change in 2027 and that the sophisticated buyers are conscious of that and take that into consideration as they make their purchase plans. And that will have an increasing effect as we move forward.
Preston Feight: I think it's fleet dependent. I think it depends on where they're at and what they're hauling, and I think how they're doing and how many trucks they need in their fleet. So I think generalizing that into 2024 might be a little much, but the premise of your conversation or our conversation about does that feature into the -- later this year or next year or the year after? I think there's some truth in that. I think we see positive benefit from that.
Preston Feight: Jeff, I think you nailed it. Actually, I think that there was maybe a lot of enthusiasm, maybe too much enthusiasm. I think it's something that is going to happen. It's going to happen gradually rather than rapidly. There's a lot of things that have to come along with it, energy and infrastructure from a PACCAR standpoint. It's been our approach all along. As we've shared with you over the years, is right. We'd start in the tens, move to the hundreds, go to the thousands, that's the progression we're in. We continue to make prudent investments that will be timed to what we think the adoption rates are going to be. We felt in 2023 was the right time to make sure that looking into the future, we could begin the journey of creating our own batteries, so that we had the most cost-efficient, high-performing batteries when the time was right. So I think as we talked about in the last call, building a battery cell factory in a joint venture manner will give us sufficient volume to supply our needs throughout the rest of the decade as we gradually adopt. And it puts PACCAR in a really good position to offer our customers the best products they can get when they're looking for EVs, and keep up with the regulatory and also take a thoughtful approach to the adoption.
Preston Feight: Jeff, I think you nailed it. We have no comment on that. That's all I can say for PACCAR. We feel really good about PACCAR either way.
Preston Feight: Yes. It's a fun conversation to have with you. First of all, our hats off to the supply base. They've done a really good job of trying to work through the challenges. And I think as you note, things have become improved, maybe not perfect, but improved, which is good. We're used to that. And I think as we look at it, smoother factories are more efficient factories. And so as we look into 2024, if we have a smoother supply provided to the factories, we will have benefits in that regard. So, it could be a tailwind as you word it.
Preston Feight: Well, I can say that we have a great group of analysts who understand our business well because I think that your question is salient, it is true. Like we've seen increasing truck complexity over the decades as an industry, with more electronics on them, that contributes to more opportunities. But we do think that the trucks are performing well and we'll be in that kind of normal range again.
Preston Feight: Yes, as you know, Q1 is effectively full and Q2 is filling in very nicely. As we look out, there's obviously customers -- lots of customers by full year with spread delivery. So we see some growing backlog in the second half as well, and things feel pretty healthy.
Preston Feight: You think inflationary we're experiencing is the same things as most people are with inflation as it's moderated some, and we do see inflationary costs. And obviously, we try to acknowledge that in our pricing, and we do focus on reducing cost on the product as a continuous thing we do. And our teams are fully focused on it, and I think we can do a good job on it this year.
Preston Feight: Thanks, Tim. What I think is going on is we're seeing that over the last couple of years, we've probably been, as an industry not able to supply everyone the trucks they needed. And I think that there's a strong vocational market, a strong LTL market, a strong medium-duty market. So we're now kind of able to build those trucks, and we're seeing that as a different percentage and increased percentage in our backlog. I wouldn't differentiate them in margin. They can both be good margin products for us. On a percentage basis, yes. And then I think that as far as the larger carriers and the impact of it, I think that it's really not that different than many years, right? It's not substantially different. So we don't see anything dramatically affecting our model. We've had some of the biggest carriers ordering a lot of trucks, and we've had some small carriers ordering trucks. But it's all kind of within the normal boundary.
Preston Feight: We are the vocational market leader. So there is some benefit in that. And as I mentioned too, I think our teams have done a great job over the last several years developing a new product lineup, which is the newest in the industry, which is helpful to us and I think has given us good backlog. If you think about it at the fundamental level, we tied up in a lot of different things. But at the fundamental level, our goal is to build great trucks for our customers to provide them the lowest total cost of ownership. And when they do that, then they order the trucks. And we think we're doing that well. The products are performing well. They're the best in the industry, and that's contributing to our order visibility.
Preston Feight: The only thing I'll add is that volumes continue to be good in that space as well. So we watch both price and volume, and it seems like it's a – it's a big change from what it was, but it's still not at a bad level.
Preston Feight: My view is that the team of PACCAR, people around the world, whether in the factories or the engineers or the controllers organizations over the last several years have done a fantastic job of building a really robust business. And it's lean, it's efficient and it produces great products for our customers. And I think that's the driving force between the margins that were generated as parts business. It's the truck business. That strength and focus of serving our customers and our shareholders are working really well.
Preston Feight: Well, what we shared with you is the first quarter we think is 18.5% to 19%. And -- that's pretty darn good.
Preston Feight: Well, I think what's -- maybe one of the things you could throw into your factors of consideration is the fact that in those high point markets where contract rates were at all-time high, spot rates were at all-time high. Some people got into the trucking business and some of those people are getting out and that's contributing to the spread between new and used pricing. As you have some of the people exiting the market is normalizing the used truck pricing. So I think there is a bit of a larger differential between new and used, and I think that will reset itself over time.
Preston Feight: Well, what are the underlying contemplation should be that what's the economy doing? And as we noted in our commentary, we see economic growth in 2024, which we think as the most fundamental principles should be good for the truck market, especially as we continue through the year. And you put that economic growth against that spot rate bottoming that you talked about, and it should set us up for a good year in 2024.
Preston Feight: Sure thing. We're really pleased with how the company has performed financially. We have a strong history of dividend payouts of around 50% of net income. We continue to do that. We noted in our comments, record dividend payouts in 2023. We think our shareholders are happy with that approach. We'll continue to do that. We do have uses for cash. Obviously, we are doing this joint venture, which will be something we fund out of cash. PACCAR has got a long history of making strategic acquisitions when they make sense, and we continue to make those evaluations at all times. And having the cash gives us that flexibility to build an even more robust company as we move forward into the future.
Preston Feight: Well, I think about costs in terms of -- there's the normal inflationary side of it. I think the other side of it to contemplate is we're building trucks that are more efficient than they ever have been for our customers. Sometimes that efficiency comes with higher purchase price, but as a percentage of their total operating costs, the purchase price is not significant compared to the fuel utilization. So it's beneficial to PACCAR in that way and beneficial to our customers to have high-performing products that are very efficient even if that drives up purchase price. And then another element to that is, of course, regulatory. Because as you anticipate future regulatory changes, those typically come with added componentry to meet emission standards, which is also a factor in increasing cost and price. So those are some of the things that go into that cost equation for us. And we've seen price more than keep up with that.
Preston Feight: I think they could. It depends on the inflationary state. It depends on the state of competition and whether there's more added content that has to be added to the trucks.
