Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. In 2020, PACCAR Parts generated excellent annual revenues of more than $3.9 billion and annual pretax profit of $799 million. Fourth quarter Parts revenues were a record $1.70 billion, and quarterly pre-tax profit was a record $223 million. One of the great things about PACCAR Parts is that it provides steady profitability through all phases of the business cycle. PACCAR has increased market shares over the years resulting in a greater number of truck and powertrain parts opportunities.  PACCAR Parts' excellent long-term growth reflects investments in distribution and technology. PACCAR Parts has expanded its global network to 18 distribution centers and is currently constructing another facility in Louisville, Kentucky. PACCAR Parts' investment and leadership and e-commerce technologies proved valuable last year as e-commerce retail sales increased by 25%. In 2021, we estimate Part sales to grow by 7% to 9%.  PACCAR Financial Services achieved 2020 annual revenues of $1.57 billion; annual pre-tax income of $223 million and portfolio assets of $15.8 billion. The percentage of PACCAR truck sales financed by PACCAR Financial Services increased from 25% to 28% last year. The portfolio continues to perform well with low past dues and low credit losses. Pre-tax finance income increased from $55 million in the third quarter to $64 million in the fourth quarter. PACCAR Financial added used truck centers in Denton, Texas; Lyon, France and Prague, Czech Republic last year. And we'll open a new used truck center in Madrid, Spain this year. Across PACCAR, last year, we invested $570 million in capital and $274 million in R&D. In 2021, we're planning to increase capital investments to the range of $575 million to $625 million, and R&D expenses will grow to be in the range of $350 million to $375 million. These capital and R&D projects will develop the next-generation of fuel-efficient diesel powertrains, zero-emissions vehicles as well as advanced driver assistance systems, autonomous vehicles, connected services, and cutting-edge manufacturing capabilities.  PACCAR has started 2021 with strong momentum. The truck and parts businesses are growing. Kenworth, Peterbilt and market share is increasing, and we're investing in new trucks and technologies that will deliver enhanced operational efficiency, safety and environmental benefits to our customers.  Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: And I think just to add to that, our new paint shop in Chillicothe, Ohio that will open this year is an excellent example of that. So on top of the things that Preston said, it also will be a lot more environmental-friendly. It will be the most modern campaign facility in the industry.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. So we're improving to 13.5% in the first quarter is a nice improvement. And it's been -- we continue to achieve the highest margin in the industry.
Harrie Schippers: No, the Europe transport activity remained strong as well. We just got the German Maut statistic in, that's the number of miles of which trucks have to pay toll in Germany that was up more than 4% in December, after a 4% increase in November. So that just shows that trucks are driving, our customers are doing well.  In terms of regional, I probably would expect Central and Eastern Europe to do a little bit better than the UK maybe, but it's a trend we see across Europe.
Harrie Schippers: I think Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF have been real leaders in customization and giving customers exactly the trucks the way they want them, and how they want them. And with electrification, that's probably even more important that we just configure the truck exactly to their needs, their transport task and make sure the weight and the charging and all of that is optimized for their requirements.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. I would estimate that the cost associated with increased safety, higher absenteeism and over time, as a result of the safety measures we've taken would be around 40 basis points maybe for us. So that's a little bit of a drag, but yes, we -- despite that COVID impact, we still see margins nicely improve to 13.5%. And like I said before, that's probably the highest margin in the industry. 
Harrie Schippers: Trucks very reasonable. Lead times are competitive. If customers want to have trucks in the second quarter, we can provide them and make sure they get what they need.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, sure. E-commerce, of course, has been the fastest-growing segment within PACCAR Parts, 25%, like we said. And Parts is a good segment with a 13% growth year-over-year. I think those are trends that we expect to continue going forward.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, finance companies saw a nice improvement in profit from the third to the fourth or quarter. And if you look at the profit level in the fourth quarter of $64 million with low past dues, good performing portfolio, strong credit qualities, that's the kind of level that we would anticipate for the coming quarters as a range.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Used trucks have seen positive momentum, both in Europe and North America, Europe probably bottoming out right now, but North America has seen a nice improvement, about 10%, 12%. So that's a really nice trend. At the same time, our used truck groups have sold high number of used trucks. And as a result, our inventories right now have come down very nicely to very healthy levels. 
Harrie Schippers: So if you look at the used truck inventory, that has come down nicely. It's not that we don't have any used trucks anymore. We can continue to have used trucks. But it's like 16% lower than it was at the beginning of the quarter, it's lower than what it was at the beginning of the year. And we continue to sell those trucks through our used truck center like Preston said. We sell them at those used truck centers. Typically, we would get a premium of around $5,000 per truck. So that will support margins. And better used trucks, of course, provide better trading values for our customers and will be a good thing for them too.
Harrie Schippers: We’re working with the supply base, of course. Typically, we have long-term agreements with our suppliers. That allow us 3 to 6 months between that raw materials go up and that the prices for those components would go up. So that gives us enough lead time to price it into a truck if and when needed. So that's very normal.
Preston Feight: Sure. The record we've had in Europe was 16.7%. This is actually our second best year in our history. So that's up a tenth from last year, and we have strong momentum as we enter into the 2021 timeframe. So it's really a good year for the European team in market share. And we have market leadership in a number of countries including Great Britain, a lot of countries in Eastern Europe, and we grew share in principal markets like France as well.
Preston Feight: Well, let's talk about the electric vehicles or zero-emissions vehicles first. If we look at the world around us right now, the most important thing that we're doing at PACCAR is having the right technologies in place. So we've spent considerable amount of time and energy, bringing to market battery electric vehicles that fit the zero-emissions class, both in Europe and North America, both for our medium-duty and our heavy-duty products, and the key there is making sure we have the right technology and the right leverage for those products as we move forward. So we've done a good job with that. As we shared last time, we announced the sale of the product. And now we're going to production with those trucks beginning in the second quarter. As far as volumes go of those, as we shared last time, we expect that the industry will have volumes in the hundreds in the coming year or 2 and then as we get to the 2025 timeframe, like you referenced, that might grow into the thousands. And we would expect that we'll have a good market share representation as the industry comes along. The most important thing, again, right now is make sure we have great technology. And I got to say I'm really excited about the products we're bringing to market.  So on the second point of advanced manufacturing, what we're really talking about there is how we have a connected factory. So if we look at how the factory works together, what kind of data analytics we're sharing within the -- in the factories, how the robotics work together and making sure that we just enhance to an even higher degree already excellent quality. 
Preston Feight: Figured out, again, the most important thing is safety. And so we have figured that out. We've been able to provide a great safe environment for our people. And that's been the most important priority for us.
Preston Feight: I think there's a lot of factors that play into what the second, third, fourth quarter will be, it will depend on the strength of recovery and how the market continues. You mentioned some good points. Those are true things that mix can have an effect on things. We've also seen some of the larger customers, be the people that continued buying in the fourth quarter and through the first quarter. So there's offsetting factors in that.
Preston Feight: Yes. What I would say is that the technologies that are being evaluated right now, batteries and fuel cell, both have capacity to expand range, just takes more batteries or takes more fuel cells. So range is really about how much space you take up on the truck. And the energy density at this point in time is higher for fuel cells, for hydrogen fuel cells. So that’s advantage they have, of course both types of solutions need the infrastructure development and infrastructural development, and how close charging stations are for either system will decide how much range you need on the vehicle. So I think it's a little early to tell what's going to happen and which technology will play out in which markets.
Preston Feight: Sure. Good question, and it kind of is across geographies. We see increases in the North American market. Kenworth and Peterbilt are doing really well, have strong order intake, and the same is true and off. Both economies have strong freight activity. Trucks are moving and is good order intake right now.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that if you look at our Parts, they just did a fantastic job in the past year, and for the past several years, really, of not just serving our customers but creating creative solutions for our customers. One of the things we talked about and mentioned was e-commerce. They've created a state of the art system where you can go online and get your parts, it makes it a lot easier. We made investments in the distribution network so that next-day delivery and even same-day delivery parts has increased in the percentages. And they just do a fantastic job of taking care of all the different kinds of customers, meeting their needs, which is bringing business to them. So we do think that growth will continue in the coming years for our parts team at kind of a similar rate.
Preston Feight: Well, I think the gross margins we enjoy in Parts are very high, and we'd expect them to continue to be very high, Steve. So we'll look for that to continue through -- certainly through the quarter and year.
Preston Feight: I think we're at the beginning of the cycle right now, where you look at where we're coming out of and where we're going to, obviously, we have better clarity on the first quarter than we do the second, third and fourth quarter. So right now, the quarter is full and bill. We have great visibility in the second quarter. As it stands, we'd expect 3 and 4 to go that way, but there's a lot of time between now and then. So maybe your modeling is right, but I think it's a little early to kind of call the latter part of the year.
Preston Feight: Well, I think we've made some good investments. We have some great things happening right now. So I think the recovery in gross margins of 13.5% that we're seeing will be around in the first quarter is good progress. And then I'd share with you that this is going to be a really exciting year for PACCAR in terms of new product introductions. So in the coming months, both in the United States and Canada, as well as in Europe, we have some big introductions that we think will be really helpful to our company growth.
Preston Feight: Pricing was very, very stable, maybe slightly down in the fourth quarter. But pretty normal for where we are in the cycle right now.
Preston Feight: Sure. I would share kind of the same thought I should receive is that we have a lot of great things happening right now in the company in terms of new product introductions that we'll see this year. And some of that R&D spending is in support of those really exciting products that you'll get to hear about shortly. And also, we have a great focus on technology. We mentioned in the comments for our factories, but also in the space of zero-emissions vehicles and connected services and autonomous vehicle development and ADAS Level 2 projects. So we have a lot of great things going on that, that build for a strong future.
Preston Feight: No, I don't think so. I think as we look at last year, we had reductions in our SG&A and for the full year and also even in the fourth quarter. And we'd expect kind of the fourth quarter to be at a run rate for 2021. So the effective last year and trimming things in the business will continue. We always want to make sure that we're diligent in providing the lowest fixed cost that we can to be to our shareholders. 
Preston Feight: We have a great team and our materials teams and purchasing teams around the world. And while there's much been written about on supply shortages, they have done a fantastic job of making sure we have all the parts we need to put the trucks together and create our products. And we don't anticipate anything significant in the first quarter. It's tight for the whole world but they are just doing a really good job. And one of the reasons we're able to do that is they do a good job of forecasting out to our supply base, what our schedules are. And I think that's much appreciated. It allows our suppliers to be successful, and it allows our company to be successful.
Preston Feight: Sure. If you look at our order share, and I think it's easier to look at it in bigger chunks because there's cyclicality, our order share grew in 2020 as a percentage of the industry. So that's a positive thing. And obviously, we grew our market share a little bit, and we feel well positioned to continue growing in 2021.
Preston Feight: There is definitely momentum building, good question. There's momentum building, but it's momentum building from a kind of a very, very low level. And now I think people are interested in trying a truck or 2 or 10. And so that's kind of the scale you're talking about in terms of the industry right now for zero-emissions vehicles. It does still depend heavily on government subsidies to make it an economically workable solution. So again, I would emphasize that I expect the industry will see hundreds of units in sales this year and that we'll get a good percentage of those.
Preston Feight: I would start by saying that if you look at the gross margin effects of it, it's -- it has a lot more to do with the COVID and global pandemic than it has to do with the R&D that we're doing. I don't really think of those relatively. And I would just say that we are seeing a pretty good improvement coming for the first quarter in gross margin with that 12.6%, turning towards around 13.5% level and feel good about the growth we're getting. And again, it's tied to the place we are in the market and the market's improvement. More about that in the gross margin to me than the R&D spending. The R&D spending is going to be great because we're bringing up these fantastic new products, and that should be helpful to us in gross margin. 
Preston Feight: No, I think our R&D spending is an increase. That's on the products we're introducing, and it's on the technology we're introducing, but we continue to have R&D as a percentage of sales at the lowest levels of anybody. We do a great job. Our engineering teams do a fantastic job of working with partners and having those partnerships so that we bring great technology to our customers, but we co-develop, and that seems to be a great model, and it's part of the story around Aurora is we pick industry leaders like them that are fantastic with technology, and we're fantastic in developing an autonomously enabled truck. And together, that becomes an efficient way to bring an industry-leading solution to the market at a reasonable cost. 
Preston Feight: So the truck factories have done a fantastic job of managing the increases that we've seen over the last quarter. They've just done a beautiful job of keeping people safe. I just want to keep emphasizing that because that's our most important priority is our employees. And they've done a great job of being able to increase build while protecting people and giving them a safe working environment. And we don't see any limitations to that. We see the ability to keep increasing build rate as we need in the factories to support the market, really not any limitation on that. So they're not operating at near max capacity at this point. 
Preston Feight: Some of them as appropriate, would be on second shifts, and some of them are not as appropriate. So each factory is in its own balanced right now.
Preston Feight: Our success rate tends to be pretty good. And we obviously have a strong relationship with our existing customers, provide them great products, low operating costs and the repeat of that is at extremely high levels, and our win rate continues to be high where we go out and are able to show people, Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks that have never tried them before and they get to experience them. I think they're impressed also. And that's the reason we've been growing our market share and the reason we expect to keep growing our market share. 
Preston Feight: To add on to that, it kind of brings a more integrated experience for the user because you got to think about how much time do you need to charge it. And that's why one of the reasons we're selling charging stations through PACCAR Parts is we think that whole energy management opportunity is good for our customers and should be good for PACCAR.
Preston Feight: That is a fun topic, and we could spend all day talking about it. Maybe when you get back to the other live, we'll spend a lot more time on it. But in brevity, I would say that our connected services business really is a growth opportunity. All our trucks in North America come from the factory connected. A majority, a vast majority in Europe come connected as well. And so we collect a lot of data from them, which we share with the customers is their data. We share that with the customers and talk about how to improve their operating efficiency and talk about how the vehicle is performing. That involves our great distribution network as well. So our dealers are looking at that data, and they know how to take care of the customers as well. We have event managed service event management capabilities, so we understand where vehicles are in the network, how to take care of them better. So it's really kind of all about optimizing our customers' experience, and that obviously can be good for PACCAR as well.
Preston Feight: Sure. I think the way we're looking at the world right now is that it's the beginning of an improvement towards replacement level. And that as we trend towards replacement level, we'll see where the market goes. If we're saying the midpoint is 265,000, both Europe and in North America, that's a healthy market. And it feels like it's a sustainable market for a while. But obviously, it depends a lot on the economy and generally happening.
Preston Feight: Sure. The way we're looking at this right now is this is a nascent technology that has a lot of development, and it's going to take several years to do as we shared in our announcement. Aurora is a great company with a lot of really skilled people, they are a very impressive group of people. And our team that's working on autonomously enabled trucks is also skilled and we think that the best approach to bring something robust, safe, secure to market is to work together, our leadership with their leadership to create a capable Level 4 autonomous vehicle. And then we'll do a lot of testing on that. And we'll -- at the end we need to provide our customers a safe, efficient vehicle. It takes several years to do that.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that Aurora is a really good company. We chose them because of our working relationship with them. And I think that what you'll see is as we develop capable systems that have redundancy in steering, braking, power systems, control, software, and they develop the autonomous driver with sensors and software stacks that are integrated into that, that integration will be important. I think it will provide a good strength for our customers. It will be obviously advantageous for Aurora and PACCAR will benefit because we'll have this autonomously enabled platform, which will be a value to our customers. And it will go -- it will use our distribution system. It will make their operations potentially more efficient, and it should be one of the situations in life that creates a win for us, a win for Aurora and a win for our customers.
Preston Feight: I think that we'll be conservative in our milestones, and we definitely making some interesting progress right now. It's really exciting inside. But as far as laying out milestones, I think we probably not want to do that right now.
Preston Feight: I think that's one of the things we keep thinking about this, right, is we are going to continue rigorously focused on providing the industry's highest gross margins, and we do that. And we expect to continue doing that. So it's kind of a pretty happy with the margins being industry-leading.
Preston Feight: I think you have to -- I think you said it well and saying it's an odd cycle, and then we’ll see how the year develops on that cycle.
Preston Feight: Well, Matt, that is asking us to prognosticate out there at the decade level. And what I would share with you is the way we think about that question, which we obviously do is we want to make sure we have the right capabilities for what the customers' needs are. So in autonomy, if there was the right operating environment for Level 4, Level 5 autonomy, we want to have the right products there for our customers as soon as that makes sense, too. And that's why we took the step we did. And similarly, on zero-emissions vehicles, there is going to, at some point, be an economic payback for them. And so that's why we keep being invested in all the different battery electric and hydro fuel cell and hybrid capabilities so that when the market chooses, PACCAR is there for the product that they want. And we kind of think of ourselves as a powertrain agnostic. And want to make sure that we can provide the customers the product they need. But in summary, we do think diesel engines will be a primary mode of power for the timeframe up to the next decade.
Preston Feight: Well, I don't -- we don't see -- simply we don't see any moderation order intake with the strong demand for DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks right now. And we expect that would continue as the cycle goes. So things feel good. 
Preston Feight: We feel like we're going to be at a good level with this number. And one of the things we always do is that there's great projects for us to work on. We work on them. We have a really strong balance sheet, a lot of cash and we deploy it wisely to benefit of our shareholders.
Preston Feight: I would just add that our teams have done a great job in Europe and North America in establishing these retail centers that we've added, both in the Lyon, France and Prague in the Czech Republic, the one we're creating in Madrid, Spain in Denton, Texas. So that really strengthens our ability to provide customers great used trucks that help their operations, too.
Preston Feight: Like over the years, we've seen steady growth in the MX engine, and we expect that growth to continue. And we think about -- the things we're talking about is if we had 10 years ago to estimate our proprietary engine share, it was probably 30% and now it's 60%, and it continues to grow. And each year is a different story, depending on who is buying trucks and what parts of the market are alive, but we do expect steady growth on MX engines. 
Preston Feight: Yes. The team down there, led by Chris and Sterling, are great in terms of technology. Their understanding what the model might be going forward, and our understanding of the model might be going forward, looks the same and that we would distribute trucks through our network, obviously, providing a driver, an autonomous driver for them is something that would have lots of updates and lots of engagement with. It's not a sell and forgetting. It's a sell and engage and maintain an update. So that would be, I'm sure, part of their model. And for us, a similar thing, right? The truck will need updates. It will be really important that these -- that the trucks of the industry uses for the autonomous are the highest quality, highest reliability, safest product, which is what PACCAR provides. So it puts us in a strong position. They rely on having a great distribution network of dealers, which we do to take care of those trucks. So that will still be a need. And you'd expect that there'll be an engagement of software and updates and how the truck performs. And so that will provide opportunity for PACCAR and an on a steady basis as well as just a one-time sale. 
Preston Feight: I think it's a little bit early to make that call. I think people have tried to make that call in the car industry a few years ago and found that, that was a difficult decision. And I think the most important thing is to make sure that it's completely safe and completely reliable, and that's where our focus is. 
Preston Feight: I don't think there's anything specific we'd say about that. I mean, we're working with our customers on the trucks they need from the big to the small locational to the on-highway, and we have a strong relationship with the dealers as we do that and make sure we provide the best parts, trucks, finances all together for our customers. 
Preston Feight: I think the Parts team showed their real strength and capability by having a record quarter. Their fourth quarter was an all-time record for them. So that's steady, strong growth for them. They did a great job, and we expect to see that continue through the year.
