Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR Parts had another outstanding quarter, achieving record revenues of $1.2 billion compared to $823 million for the second quarter of last year. Parts pretax profits were a record $266 million compared to $152 million in the same period last year. Parts gross margins grew a robust 28.2%. PACCAR Parts benefited from strong freight demand and truck utilization, investments in e-commerce technology and distribution capacity. Strategically located PDCs reduced delivery times and increased customer uptime. E-commerce part sales increased 56% in the second quarter compared to the same quarter last year. PACCAR is continuing its investments in world-class distribution by opening a new distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky next year. We expect third quarter part sales to be similar to the strong second quarter. PACCAR Financial Services earned record pretax income of $107 million, reflecting strong portfolio performance and robust used truck demand. We expect third quarter PACCAR Financial results to be in line with the excellent second quarter. PACCAR Financial is increasing its retail used truck center capacity worldwide, which enhances margins. A new PACCAR Financial used truck facility is under construction in Madrid, Spain. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values command at 10% to 20% premium over competitors' trucks. PACCAR has invested $7.3 billion in new vehicle programs, enhanced facilities and new technologies during the past decade. This includes the investment of $1 billion for the new DAF truck range and expand its factories. Capital expenditures for the year are projected to be $550 million to $600 million and research and development expenses are estimated to be $340 million to $360 million. PACCAR is investing in zero emissions and ultra clean diesel powertrains, advanced driver assistance and autonomous driving systems, connected vehicle services and enhanced production and distribution facilities. Second quarter truck, parts and other gross margins were 13.5%. Customer demand is strong and DAF, Kenworth, and Peterbilt are sold out for the year. Depending on the supply of materials, third quarter global truck production and gross margins could be similar to the second quarter. The recently introduced DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt truck models provide PACCAR the newest and most exciting product lineup in Company history. These new trucks will support our customers, dealers and our success in the coming years. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Like we said, Jerry, there was a lot of uncertainty around the supply base and the deliveries in the third quarter and beyond, a lot of that will depend on the ability of the supply base to deliver, especially in the semiconductor area.
Harrie Schippers: And for the finance company, the $107 million in the second quarter was a record outstanding result. And if we look at the current market dynamics with strong used truck markets and excellent payment behavior by all our customers, strong portfolio we expect that business to run at that level for the next quarter. And that's pretty good run rate now.
Harrie Schippers: When you see the 10-Q, Nicole, you'll see that pricing was up 2% to 3% compared to last year. And then, of course, that resulted in margin improvement compared to last year. But if you look at it more on a sequential basis, then I would say that, yes, we've been able to increase prices to cover cost increases. And I think that's what gives us the margins as we know them in the second quarter and that’s a similar assumption if we look at the third quarter.
Harrie Schippers: Our sales expenses are part of our SG&A. And as you've been able to see, our SG&A has been pretty stable going from the first to the second quarter. And that's the kind of level we expect that SG&A to stay in. We got the tight cost controls, good budget discipline and we'll continue to do so
Harrie Schippers: Yes. The biggest cost to operator truck is the driver. The fuel is a good second and if you can cut the fuel bill by 7% or 10%, that's huge. I think 10% is the highest reduction that DAF has seen in its entire history. And reducing that, like I said, the fuel bill by 10% makes any of our customers a lot more competitive. So they are looking forward to getting those new trucks.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. We are seeing inflation, of course, and raw material costs have gone up. But we're baking that into our pricing when we price new trucks to our customers and that's how we deal with that.
Preston Feight: Hey, Jerry, that is a fun question. We can talk a long time about it, but I'll keep it brief for you. Yes. We have been able to globally make sure that we're leveraging our core competencies in software development and in some of the electronics capabilities for the vehicles around the world. So between DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt, we take the best approaches and apply them and that shows up in the way some of the vehicle functionality is, which is just – I got to tell you, it's really fun. I was able to drive the new DAF a few weeks ago, it was over in Europe and the truck is amazing. And I think, obviously, I'm subjectively bias but we had a bunch of our dealers in it. They got to see it and everybody is just thrilled with it. So we're seeing just a beautiful new truck there in Europe and the same can be said for the trucks in North America. There's more commonality between the Kenworth and a Peterbilt in terms of the chassis design there. So we use best practices to make sure we provide the best ride and capabilities and those trucks are equally just fantastic to be in. So yes, we're using our best practices and getting global leverage as we do our designs.
Preston Feight: Well, I would say that the orders are coming in. I mean, the 450 is just a moment in time. We're getting new orders every day. We had a good order from Amazon yesterday, a couple of days ago in Europe for battery electric vehicles that we've used in the UK. So we're getting us around the world and they'll be built as the orders come in. Some of the orders are multi-year. They could take a few years, because there's high quantities. But we anticipate the market just continuing to evolve, grow over the years. So it starts in the hundreds, as we've shared before, and we see it moving to the thousands, as that happens. And our team at PACCAR Parts is doing a great job of rolling out charging stations and being supportive to our customers and our dealers with the infrastructure needs that they have. So we've taken a holistic approach there and see these as good opportunities for PACCAR to grow this business beyond just the provision of product there.
Preston Feight: Thanks. Sure. Ann, happy to happy to take a swing at that for you. You understand the market really well and we have excellent demand, as we said, we're sold out through the year in all our markets. So with this great demand, great market, need for trucks around the world really, customers are looking for trucks as quickly as they can get them. And we're building this as quick as we can get them. And so, we had a good second quarter in our deliveries at 40,000. Obviously, you can do the math, there's several thousand sitting there that are waiting a component. And as we get the components, which is unclear in the semiconductor front we complete the trucks and get them to our customers. So wish we could give you more clarity on how that semiconductor supply is going to proceed through the third and fourth quarter, but we just don't have any more than that right now.
Preston Feight: That is correct, Ann. Of course, the absorption has already taken and when we deliver and ship the truck, that's when we record the gross margin on the truck.
Preston Feight: Well, the dealer inventories are limited, which will extend the market also, we have about 1.6 months of inventory at the dealers. And I think the industry is 1.9 or 2, so it's – we'd like it to be, of course, but that does bode well for a strong extended demand cycle.
Preston Feight: I would say that we try to factor in everything into those numbers. So that 260,000 to 280,000 in North America. The reason it shifts down a little bit is because of the supply side provision with the demand that we have. It's really what the throttle is on the business right now.
Preston Feight: Well, we think that we set out design products that are great for our customers and with the kind of fuel efficiency, the driver comforts, the feature capabilities that they all provide to the customers, we think they want to buy them. And that should be good for PACCAR and good for the customers.
Preston Feight: We are taking pricing for 2022, and if you just look at our – our order intake has been very strong. And so we're seeing how that's progressing through the market, working on raw materials pricing into those models and just moving forward thoughtfully into 2022 as we take those orders. And we do expect the new trucks to be a bigger percentage of our build in the next year, and that'll be good for everyone.
Preston Feight: So it's largely set. But I would tell you that these have been unusual times, and so we've adjusted pricing as necessary to match into raw materials pricing. And that's kind of the way we've approached the market.
Preston Feight: Yes. What I would say is we're working really closely with the customers to get them the trucks they need as quickly as we can. And I think they understand, we understand that that's taking extra efforts right now and so we're applying those efforts.
Preston Feight: Yes. I would tell you that that's a constant dynamic there. We've had some trucks that we build minus component and we received a batch of components for those and have shipped those out only to find ourselves in different circumstances like Malaysia COVID outbreak, which then causes a constraint of a different component. So it's pretty dynamic and hard to really talk about which truck ship when…
Preston Feight: I would say it's really more about which components we get when, and that's really what's driving those deliveries by region.
Preston Feight: Well, I mean, it's grown quite a bit, obviously in the year-over-year and North America has grown in the 40 something percent and Europe has grown double-digits also. And so we've had great growth in our used truck pricing. There's a limited supply of used trucks. I mean, obviously the PACCAR products command a premium in that space, and it's an even more precious premium right now. So we think that as long as supply is limited, then there'll be a good opportunity for our team selling used trucks, getting customers the ability to move the freight.
Preston Feight: Well, Joel, it really is a new approach. It's an evolutionary approach, but it's a new approach. The factory is amazing. We hope to get you over there soon to be able to see it. We were just there a few weeks ago. And all I can say is, wow. When you look at the level of robotics that we've applied to bring the highest degrees of quality and capability in putting those trucks together, it's really fantastic state-of-the-art factory and it brings a new level of, I'd say, competence into our manufacturing operations.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. Happy to. If you look at the Parts business and again, that team is just doing a fantastic job and the focus there is to continue growing and they're able to do that because they really think about what the customers needs are and what the dealers needs are. So they're putting systems in place that enable a really world-class delivery of parts in same-day more and more frequently. And so that's an area of growth opportunity as we look at it. The finance company is a great foundational growth opportunity for us as well. The new trucks, we'd be really remiss to not talk about how the new trucks are going to help to grow the business over time. You mentioned other things like alternative powertrain, zero emissions vehicles, that's a great opportunity for PACCAR. We're already – put yourselves in a leadership position in terms of order intake. And so that not just the sale of the trucks, but the support of the trucks in the field, battery electric charging stations, battery energy management, fleet management help, those are skills that we can provide. We see embedded software and connected trucks being an opportunity for growth in the future. Obviously, we have this relationship with the autonomous vehicle producers and namely Aurora, that's an opportunity as we go forward and increasing utilization of safety systems like that. So there is a whole plethora of great opportunities for PACCAR to grow as we move forward in the future.
Preston Feight: Okay. That's good line of thinking there. They did make that announcement, we are rolling out our infrastructure system. And so basically what everybody is trying to do in the all OEMs car and truck are trying to create an infrastructure that's usable by each other and that's what theirs would be. So usable by all our products. At the same time, we're also rolling out our capabilities into the dealers and with the customers, obviously, with each electric vehicle in the early phases before ranges unlimited. They're going to be largely used in a return to base kind of an operating style, which means when you buy a truck you're probably looking at a charging station also and the integration of the truck and the charging station how those – how that system works together is a core competency that we bring to our customers and we'll share with our customers. So we see that is kind of an avenue forward. So there's some symbiotic relationship with all the OEMs, but there's also this unique capability that PACCAR has in bringing the right battery energy management and the right kind of system to a customer.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. The orders have been spread out. There have been medium-duty orders, been heavy-duty orders in the kind of the pickup and delivery space and there has also been refuse kinds of trucks that we've taken good orders from. So again, anywhere where urban applications or you're running 200 miles and you're coming back at nights. We have time to recharge. Those are the right spots for the battery electric systems today and we're doing that in Europe and in North America.
Preston Feight: Yes. And then as we look at 2022, we see that as this operations can flow steadily, put it that way, then that should be a great opportunity for us as well. Right? The production efficiencies return at higher levels, we expect the market will be strong next year and that should be good for PACCAR.
Preston Feight: I don't know the exact number of percentage take rates on it. I know it's been pretty high and growing as people get the experience with it. So I can't give you a numeric answer. I can just tell you that in being in the vehicle a lot and driving it and talking to customers about it, it's working really, really well and we expect that just to continue to increase.
Preston Feight: Chad, I love to be able to give you more, but we've given you just about everything we can on explaining where we're at with supply base and that there is a degree of uncertainty that you can see in every manufacturers report write-ups and we have that same kind of uncertainty working through our system. And if I could tell you more and more, I would. But we're going to continue to operate this business in a world-class fashion. And as we get the parts, we put them in the trucks and get them to the customers as quickly as we can.
Preston Feight: Our thinking around it was to make sure that we just had a strong partnership with them, and the real focus is are developing in PACCAR-specific autonomous vehicle platform that will work with Aurora that can also work with others. And that's where our focus has been and they've turned into a great partner. We've been riding around in the autonomous trucks with them and there is great progress being made on that – on the development of an L-4 system.
Preston Feight: I guess, I think you're right, we wouldn't want to talk for the industry and to tell you that we are constantly working on providing industry-leading margins. And we do that. And I think our results show that and we're going to keep doing that in a good way. And as we bring out these new products, we do expect that they will provide again benefits to the customer and PACCAR and that's kind of the model we work with is to stay as the best company there is.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think you said it right, you said, we have the best margins in the industry and we do and we continue to work on that and we continue to grow our business around the world geographically. We continue to make these great investments, which are good for our customers, you continue to see the growth that comes along with it through the Parts business, the finance company. I mean, PACCAR is really doing a great job and we're going to keep doing that.
Preston Feight: Our margins for the EVs are kind of comparable to diesel powertrain margins. So those are looking really good. The markets obviously a market that's emerging. It's not mature, so there's a lot of dynamics around battery cost continue to come down. There's government grants and subsidies that come along with some of these projects, be they battery electric or hydrogen fuel cell. So it's a pretty dynamic world and we're focuses on achieving high quality margins and high quality trucks for our customers and the zero emissions space.
Preston Feight: Sure. That's a good way to think of it. The first thing is double-digit changes in Europe where speeds are more like a 100 kilometers an hour, 80 kilometers an hour for trucks is wow. I mean, getting that kind of improvement is just amazing and the DAF team did such a fantastic job. And one of the reasons they were able to do such a good job is they work closely with the government there in defining what the shape of a vehicle can be and so the government allowed a different shape of the vehicle and DAF is the first OEM and the only one that's announced to do so, so far of being able to bring out a cab that meets this new shape, which is more aerodynamic. So just fantastic effort by the team at DAF in bringing that truck out, and it doesn't just create aerodynamic benefit, but the interior and the visibility of those trucks are just amazing. And I would also say that from being a user of the truck, if you get in the truck and you're driving it, just the way it feels, it's really, really quiet, like I would say quieter than a 5 Series BMW when you're running down the highway. It's just fantastic. And then if you use a sleeper compartment of it, it's got all kinds of creature comforts and luxury for the drivers. And so it's just a beautiful product that delivers this double-digit fuel economy. And in characterizing it against other programs, you might think 5% is a lot, that's how we would look at it. So a 5% change in fuel economy is a big change in fuel economy. So for them to get 10% just amazing and same thing for the Kenworth and the Peterbilt teams getting 7% on these next-generation 579s and 680s. They just had a great job of bringing everything they could to the table. And that's obviously got a big impact on lowering operating costs for our customers. So these trucks are going to set the mark for the industry.
Preston Feight: Well, I think your second comment is right, they should move in tandem with it. And I would say that you're right in the new products coming out that make the operating costs lower for a customer is cycle independent, they want to lower their operating cost is what they used to be competitive, so buying new DAFs, Peterbilts and Kenworths is how they win that game. That's how they keep their drivers most happy. And so, yes, that's good for the business and that will extend the cycle for them.
Preston Feight: I don't know. We're proud of who we are and we're proud to be a great company. We love our Kenworth and Peterbilt operations here in Mexico, our DAF in Europe, our DAF in Brazil. So we feel like we represent the markets where we operate really well, have great relationships with our customers and dealers in those markets and that's how we think about the world.
Preston Feight: I don't think of it that way at all. No, I think that we're making the investments where they make sense on a volume standpoint. We're continuing to grow our PACCAR Engine business, obviously, 60% of our sales are powertrains or our engine around the world and we continue to just making the right investments to bring the best products to the customer. I mean, it's elegant and it's simple. We just want the best things for our customers that will be good for PACCAR. And so our R&D and our thinking is to vertically integrate where makes sense, partner with others where it makes sense, and make sure that brings the best products out to our people using them.
Preston Feight: Sure. I think one of the things to think about is trucks are, as we talked about a lot in this call, becoming more and more efficient. And so I think their percentage of how they'll haul freight in the future beyond 18 and 30 months even is that they will continue to take a vast majority of the freight hauled around Europe, North America, around the world actually. So trucking is in a really good position for the world. Our customers are doing a fantastic job of becoming more efficient, but the demand is really, really high. And so, we and they, I'd say, expect that there'll be a strong market certainly through next year, which tied you to the 18 months. Beyond that, it's hard to say. But in essence, they're doing really well right now. They have all the freight that they can haul and the business is doing really well. So together everybody is doing fine.
Preston Feight: Sure. I don't want to kind of comment on other people's capacities. But I'll tell you is that, we have sufficient capacity in all of our markets to go up substantially and to meet the demand as needed. And so, we're looking forward to that as we get through this supply base issues, then we just look forward to the operation running really smoothly and build a lot of trucks next year.
Preston Feight: Yes. Ann, I can't speak well to the industry. We are not seeing that. I can tell you that our order board has been solid. We aren't seeing cancellations. I think that probably has to do with the great products we're putting out. But there is really not – that's not a factor right now. We're seeing excellent demand and really, really strong request for more and more product from us.
Preston Feight: I don't know that number off top of my head. I can tell you is that, as we see that kind of order intake, it's higher than our market share. And so things are in really good position from us from supporting customers from a order intake and demand standpoint.
Preston Feight: Sure. Just like to close by thanking everyone for the discussion today. I might think that the key points for us as we look at the business is, there is really strong demand in order intake as we just covered. We have fantastic new trucks all around the world. The finance team is setting records and has great momentum in their business. The Parts team is just killing it. It is an industry-leading team. They're bringing in new technology and customer focus and they really are going to keep driving record success. And so I'm just so proud of everyone at PACCAR and the great work they're doing. And we look forward to talking to all of you soon. And with that, we'll conclude and say thank you.
