Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 44,400 trucks during the third quarter. We estimate fourth quarter deliveries to increase to a range of 46,000 to 50,000 trucks. This reflects higher build dates, more production days in the fourth quarter, and a gradually improving supply based performance. Truck parts and other gross margins increased to 14.9% in the third quarter. We anticipate fourth quarter gross margins to be in the 15% to 15.5% range, reflecting higher truck deliveries and continued strong performance of PACCAR Parts. PACCAR Parts had an outstanding third quarter with Parts gross margins of 30.4%. Customers high truck utilization and increased average fleet age contributed to PACCAR Parts record results. PACCAR Parts opens a new 260,000 square foot parts distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky in the third quarter to further enhance parts availability for customers and dealers. PACCAR Parts outstanding performance is driven by its networks of 18 distribution centers, 2,300 dealer locations, 250 independent TRP stores, as well as technologies like managed dealer inventory and innovative e-commerce systems. We currently expect fourth quarter parts sales to be 8% to 10% higher than the same period last year. PACCAR Financial Services benefited in the third quarter from high used truck prices and excellent portfolio quality. Pre-tax income was $146 million, 32% higher than last year. The amount continues to be strong for PACCAR pre-owned vehicles as customers appreciate and pay a premium for their superior reliability and durability. PACCAR Financial has been increasing its network of retail used truck samples and opens a new location in Madrid, Spain in the third quarter. We now have 13 centers to sell used trucks at retail prices which enhances profits. PACCAR has invested $7.3 billion in new and expanded facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past decade. These investments have created the newest and most impressive lineup of trucks in the industry and will contribute to excellent financial returns for many years. PACCAR's return on invested capital further improved to an industry-leading 23% in the first nine months of this year. Capital expenditures are projected to be $475 million to $500 million in 2022 and $525 million to $575 million next year. Research and development expenses are estimated to be $330 million to $340 million this year, and $350 million to $400 million next year. PACCAR's exciting new line of trucks and transportation solutions, efficient R&D and capital investments, strong after-market parts and financial services business and flexible operating structure position the company for a bright future. Thank you. We will be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. We see demands for trucks and transportation to continue to be strong in Europe. One of the statistics that we like to follow is the amount, the toll paid in Germany which is at similar level that it was last year. So freight and transportation continues at strong levels. We see the customers loved their new trucks, strong order intake and first quarter they're basically full with orders and we're now starting to fill up the second quarter in Europe. So the outlook for Europe is really good.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. But right now I would say that it's basically the supply base and the availability of components to build trucks, that determines the pace of growth in the fourth quarter and that's probably going to continue as we enter into next year as well. And then we'll see how long that, that that takes.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. To my -- I don't see that we've prioritized certain customers over others to. I think we want to take care of all our customers and by supplying them the trucks they need like Preston said, we've been capacity constrained for the last three years or so. So most customers that I talked to or hear from, they want to have more trucks and they want to have them quicker. And so we try to satisfy everybody more or less proportionally.
Harrie Schippers: Well, we do see a Europe that energy costs have gone up and like I think somebody mentioned on the call before, steel and aluminum prices have come down a little bit. So there's a balance there that with higher energy costs and higher labor costs overall cost levels remain elevated. That's also why truck prices have gone up and continue to go up. But I would say that, that in this environment with the new trucks that we just launched, that customers love gives us a really good starting point to sell more trucks and grow market share as we've done. So as DAF team is doing really well in the market we're currently in and taking full benefit of the new truck models that we launched.
Harrie Schippers: I would say that prices continued and increased to the third quarter compared to the second quarter. And so did cost the price versus cost differential continue to be favorable for the company. That's why gross margins went up.
Harrie Schippers: No, well, Steve our -- our -- as you know, our margins continue to improve and the new products that we launch in North America and Europe have provided good tailwinds. I would say to margin growth. And as you see it now, our margins are the best in the industry and that's our goal to stay the best in the industry and parts plays a key role there and the new trucks and strong margins on those new trucks would be the key element of that as well.
Harrie Schippers: It's nice to see how the finance company continues to perform really, really strong. Run at a $46 million in the third quarter, second best quarter ever. So very proud of the team achieving and delivering those results. Business continues to go well. Portfolio quality is excellent. Past dues are like 0.3% kind of range are really, really low. The revenues reflect the fact that our used truck inventories are at low levels, so there's less flow, less sales of used trucks. But the used trucks that we sell. We'd have now 13 used truck centers, a growing portion of it that provides a nice tailwind for the finance company. And I would expect the finance company to continue to do well as we enter the fourth quarter and going into next year.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. The new mass and dimension regulations that we talked about allows for more aerodynamic and more fuel-efficient trucks to be designed if you meet certain criteria. DAF is taking full benefit of that new legislation. So as far as we can tell, DAF was the only truck manufacturer in Europe that has those trucks on the market today. That puts us in a really strong position to grow margins and market share. Like you said, 17.4% share year-to-date, that's a record for DAF. With the new trucks, yes, we're -- we're in an excellent position to grow that market share even further in the coming years.
Harrie Schippers: We -- the first quarter is more or less full today at the current capacity that suppliers are providing us, and then we're filling in the second quarter nicely at this moment in time. So that's a really good balance. It's a nice backlog for us as we enter 2023.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. I think that what you saw in the third quarter is really strong performance from all the divisions of PACCAR. There was price realization for us and cost-rep also but we had a net positive in that and we would expect that to continue in the fourth quarter. And as we've shared with you, and we're thinking that truck part and other gross margins will increase to the 15% to 15.50% range and a really high-level of performance. And we look out in 2023 and think well a really good year in 2023.
Preston Feight: One of the things that's wonderful about the team here is that they've done a great job at developing a very robust part system that serves your customers well. And I think that's one of the key elements describing the performance of the business is having their right systems and capabilities to provide customers' trucks. We've expanded our footprints and distribution centers around the world that enables to be even a better partner with our dealers and our customers so that helps our performance and insulate ourselves a little bit from cyclicality, gives us a strong recurring revenue business. We've seen growth of our engine business around the world over the several past years which also gives us a strong future look into the parts business. And I think that with the elevated fleet age, we're going to continue to see strong truck performance and parts performance for the next while.
Preston Feight: I think we're getting towards 70% now of the new model mix in Europe, and I expect that in the -- for the fourth quarter -- in the fourth quarter. And then I'll see that increase next year as well. I can just tell you, we're over at that IAA show in September in Hanover in Germany, and the trucks are simply amazing and the customers are really realizing the benefits of their fuel efficiency and driver performance and that's driving a very strong demand for those new products.
Preston Feight: Yes. We don't think of it that way, Tami. We think about the truck industry and what's going on within the truck industry that's driving the volumes. And as you can -- as you look at it, right, freight demand is at very high levels. Truck utilization is at a high-level. And the age of the trucks out in the park has increased for the past three years and there continues to be supply based constraints that limit build. And when you put all of that together and combine it with the excellent new products that are delivering like 7% to 10% better fuel economy for our customers, which is thousands of dollars per trucks per year in savings, it points to a really good market for PACCAR next year.
Preston Feight: Well, as we said, we think that it'll be a strong truck market next year as we showed with our industry expectations of 260,000 to 300,000 in both Europe and North America. So that's pretty strong markets.
Preston Feight: Well, we talk about the fourth quarter in this call and we expect the fourth quarter to increase in the 15% to 15.5% range.
Preston Feight: Well, thanks for the question. The way we look at it is that the first quarter is substantially full as Harrie shared. We're taking strong order intake into the second quarter and into the second half as well. So we see nothing that's slowing us down in the year. Obviously, the further it gets out the less clarity there is, but there's a great backlog of orders and it's growing.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that the -- it's pretty well spread that there's a strong demand out there for trucks. I mean the vocational markets remain very good, 30% of the build. The larger companies are also ordering trucks for the year. And I think it comes back to those fundamentals of great trucks and an undersupplied market for the past few years bodes well for a strong future.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that would be too detailed. I would agree with Harrie just said, I think it's a little bit too detailed to try to think about it in terms of sectors and tailwinds and headwinds of what we're building. We're building all the trucks we can for our customers and we're going to keep doing that.
Preston Feight: Well, we start with the deliveries one as we guided 44 to 48, we have 44,400. We think about the third quarter. If deliveries are obviously there's fewer trucks built in Europe, there's about 4,000 -- 4,500 trucks less built in Europe. And then we continue as we say to have limitations under build based on the supply base constraints that are happening. So we see that gradually improving, hence our guidance to the fourth quarter plus the no summer shutdown, some more build days. And our red tags are kind of a similar level, as you call them, red tags for the second and third quarter. And we kind of expect that'll improve slightly in the fourth quarter. So from a margins standpoint, your second question, you kind of almost answered it right. We have a great parts performing team and we guided in the fourth quarter that gross margins are going to improve to 15% and 15.5% range. We think that that's going to continue to be strong performance based upon the excellent new products as you mentioned. That's what's going to keep the performance at the very high levels that we're seeing.
Preston Feight: I'll let you think about it that way. We think about it in terms of how the business is running and what we're providing.
Preston Feight: And I would add, I agree with everything Harrie said, and I would add to that, that our operations teams have done an incredible job around the world of making sure we get as many trucks out as we can and sometimes that's done less efficiently. So if that smooths out, then that will be an upside as well.
Preston Feight: Yes. The order books are opens, Dave, it's as we said, substantially full in Q1 filling in well in the second quarter and even through this into the second half as customers look at their full-year delivery plans and allocate their capital for next year. So yes, going well by all segments and really kind of as we would expect it for a strong year.
Preston Feight: Well, we talked about the margins improvement into the fourth quarter. 14.9% gross from 15% to 15.5%, so that kind of implies that we have confidence in our price versus cost model, and we think we'll have that next year too.
Preston Feight: You know what I think is that the new trucks around the world for PACCAR are doing so well in terms of their operating cost performance to our customers. That is helpful to us in terms of margin. The percent of the product that we changed in Europe is a higher percent than we changed in North America. And so that's really helpful to us in Europe. And I think that our team in South America is doing a great job. In Australia, they're doing a great job and in Mexico they're doing a great job. So I kind of look at it and think that it's happening everywhere for us.
Preston Feight: I think that compared to year-over-year, it's definitely better. I think that sequentially in the quarters we see different issues that are kind of adjusting. We have really good relationships with our suppliers and we continue to work with them to kind of solve out the issues. I'd say that it has shifted a little bit from being purely semiconductors to maybe being other labor kinds of issues and other material kinds of issues, but they're doing a really good job of helping us get the parts we need. Hence, we see that the production should grow in the fourth quarter.
Preston Feight: Well, we have a lot of really neat projects that we're working on. We have some great clean diesel projects. We have some great zero emissions projects. We continue to make investments into our autonomous vehicle platform, our connected services platforms around the world, and enhancing our production capacity so we can build more trucks and engines and all of that is kind of what's driving those numbers. So it's fun to see those numbers moving just because they pretend a great future for us.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that everybody can read the same headlines. But I would tell you that from inside of our business, we work really closely with our suppliers so that we can understand anything they're dealing with. And so far, it's been pretty good. We look into next year, and everybody is paying attention to it. We'll continue to work as partners to try to make sure we get the parts we need. I think we find ourselves in a pretty good position as we sit today.
Preston Feight: Sure. I don't think it's disproportional. I think a lot of what's going on is the parts team and our dealers are doing a fantastic job of this business growth and creating recurring revenue by serving the customers well and by helping them become more efficient. And I think that's a lot of systems, a lot of e-commerce, a lot of relationship building, and I expect that will continue.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that they use the same kind of analytics they do to make any kind of a buying decision as they're looking for an operating cost advantage, a total cost of ownership equation to work for them. It adds elements now with EVs because they think about charging and infrastructure and return and mileage and route and utilization. So we partner with them at Peterbilt, Kenworth, DAF and parts all partner with them to try to make sure they think about all the input costs that are going into it. And then as well, the incentives that are available to it and use all that together to come up with kind of like when is it time to start into the market, try five or 10 or 20. And then when is the time going to be to move even more quickly. And I think that that's kind of a very active dialogue that depends upon their used case.
Preston Feight: No, I think that they have a high trust in PACCAR and our high quality and excellent performance overall. We have that that is kind of the promise we make to them that we want to deliver on, and we'll do that through EVs as well. So I think that makes that we have a seat at the table to work with them and provide a successful solution for them.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that when you think the spot rates are a minority of the market, it's 15%, 20% portion of the market, when there's strong contract rates, which there are and when tonnage is at such high levels like it is, then I think there's still plenty of good business for them to have. And I think that they're still oversubscribed in terms of people wanting loads carried as a general statement, which is good for their businesses. And I would expect that that's -- they're being good for their business will be good for our business.
Preston Feight: I don't think we said that they shouldn't. I think we said that we had good gross margins this quarter. We expect them to be very good next quarter and fourth quarter, and that we think 2023 will be a really good year.
Preston Feight: Sure. I can share with you how we think about it. We think of spending on R&D is that we have good projects that bring value to our customers. We're such a strong financially-positioned company that we spend the money we want to on the products that are going to bring value to our customers, and that's how we define our R&D spending.
Preston Feight: Sure. We're really pleased with the progress we're making with our partnerships with Aurora and others, and it's going really well. They're making excellent progress. Together, we are. We are developing as you mentioned, Jeff, we're making this autonomous vehicle platform, which creates a system of redundancy, which makes operating the vehicle feasible. It integrates it into the truck through software as well. And our expertise and their expertise combined is creating, I think, a really neat product for the future.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that as the supply base improves, it does make it smoother, as you're right to say that. I think we got to see it get totally smooth before we can take full advantage of that. I think that prediction of when that will be; we don't know how to make that. We just keep building all the trucks we can. And I would expect that, as we said, we expect deliveries increasing in the fourth quarter. And beyond that, we'll watch how the opportunities are. As we think that the demand is strong, we do think that next year still feels like at least the beginning to be supply constrained.
Preston Feight: And the U.S. markets, Kenworth and Peterbilt are the leaders in the vocational markets for trucks that support those kinds of projects and expect that will continue next year, and we do see strength in those markets. So we would expect that to be good news and a tailwind for 2023.
Preston Feight: Yes. We're seeing continued strengthening even so we're seeing that September was strong, and we see October being strong as well.
Preston Feight: Yes. We have a really good supply base structure with the battery producers in the world and have long-term contracts in place that give us adequate supply.
