Mark C. Pigott: That's a good question, as you know, and obviously you could share my enthusiasm for all the great things that happened last year. A lot of the R&D was focused on probably 2 primary areas. One was the launch of a lot of new trucks by every major division in PACCAR, and also getting ready for Euro 6 and EPA 13 engine emissions. So a lot of that work has either been completely done or is almost done. And so we have other projects but a big chunk was completed last year.
Mark C. Pigott: You bet. Obviously, an area that everybody here spends a lot of time working very diligently. Let's take a look at in sort of 2 segments -- or maybe 3. First of all, Euro 6, the additional cost just to meet the requirements, and I think you've heard this from many people in the industry, will be over EUR 10,000 per vehicle. So there will be additional costs that customers will have to get comfortable with. And we've seen every 3 years or so for the last 20 years, that has some impact on the OEM margins so we just had to work through that. Obviously, we're very diligent about working with programs, whether it's Six Sigma or 5S or other program to try to offset some of that cost impact. On a broader global view, we're working hard as we get into Brazil. And we talked about beginning production late this year. Brazil, so far, has the highest margins of any truck market around the world. And that's certainly benefited our competitors and we look forward to sharing the benefits of that market as we really get up and running and growing our business in Brazil. So I think that's a positive. Another one is, as we bring in our own MX engine and we move things like a common rail, a fuel injection, and we continue to work on reducing the cost of the after-treatment and EGR cooler, I think there's some benefits for margin enhancement on that. And I guess complementing that is the continued growth of our aftermarket business as we get a bigger footprint around the world and continue to be the most focused and most efficient manufacturer in our industry. So I think there are some benefits out there that should enhance margins. But of course, the biggest driver, and I think you and your colleagues have mentioned this many times, is let's get back to a market that's in the top 5 of the last decade and I think you'll see some exciting opportunities. That's really going to be the big driver for margin enhancement.
Mark C. Pigott: I think, when you look at Europe and North America, they're probably going to be similar. I think it's been pointed out certainly by competitors and industry analysts. We're really looking for a stronger second half in the North American market and in Europe also, and some of that may be driven by prebuy. We've got a few inklings of some positive economic trends here in the U.S., we'll have to see how that translate into the broader economy. In Europe, if people decide that they want to take a little bit more of a wait-and-see attitude on absorbing the Euro 6 cost increases, that'll have an impact. There may be ongoing challenges in some of the European countries in terms of their just general economies. So I think that's why we have a little broader, broader range there. And of course, as the months go on, we'll all get a little bit smarter and be able to adjust that range accordingly.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well, the good news is that many of our dealers, because of their strong focus and work on their absorption, had record years last year or very strong years, and a lot of our good customers are starting to report strong and, some of them, even record results in the fourth quarter, from what you see in the different industry press. So that's encouraging. The people that are still operating, and there's many, many good ones, have survived a couple of tough downturns in the last decade. But they're cautious, some of them have announced that they're going to be increasing their purchases, but I think, in that, it's still primarily replacement because I think everybody's waiting to see what the tone and the direction of the general economy is. And as we move through the year, if the housing gets going, and that's going to be a benefit for steel and concrete and brick and everything, all the white goods that go inside a house, we'll see a lot of our customers perhaps expanding their fleet, and that'll be good for pricing overall.
Mark C. Pigott: I think, in terms of our -- I mean, we have the same great customers we've been working with for quite a few years. But the positive aspect that we monitor on a daily basis is, say, quotations and inquiries in terms of who is looking for trucks and how many trucks are they looking for. And I think, obviously the first half of last year was pretty strong and then it slowed down in the second half, as you can see by the truck data. In the last, I'd say 2 months, we're actually seeing an uptick in inquiries and quotations. Customers are saying, "You know, it could be good this year, or certainly better." So I think that's somewhat encouraging. That has not translated into a one-per-one order intake. And you've seen a number of our competitors have announced a shutdown or layoffs and different types of programs to reduce their costs. So I think there might be some improvement in the fundamentals just as we look at the number of quotations that our customers are interested in getting current pricing on.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. Well, Mexico, which we've been there since the late '50s, it's really one of the jewels in the crown for us. And the Mexican market is pretty good. It did slow down a little bit. I think what probably had more of an impact was the country of Colombia, which has been on a very proactive, positive growth program for the general economy over the last few years and have taken a lot of our trucks and have done very, very well. They've completed some of their projects, including a major pipeline, but they're now reviewing other infrastructure investments, which I think will stimulate truck demand again. So that's had a little bit of a slowdown last year. That may take a little bit of time to reenergize. Australia, it continues to perform well and achieved many records last year. And we continue to be a leader with the Kenworth product, and then in the last few years we've also introduced the DAF product. And DAF's done very well in Australia. So that's gone well. So overall, I think, maybe a little bit of a recalibration in, let's call it, Colombia and a few other countries. But I think they're going to get back on track.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, we can. Well, the finance group has really done an outstanding job. And our lease organization set many records, which we're very proud of. So I think you've summed it up pretty well that we're financing about 30% of our trucks on a global basis and the customers that we're financing are doing well. I mean, very low past dues and the customers are making good money, as you've seen. So I think it's just -- it's really a credit. I'd look at it as a positive, it's a credit to our finance organization for coming out with the programs and working closely with our dealers and customers to continue to grow that business. And $308 million operating profit, all-time record, is a nice credit to the entire finance organization.
Mark C. Pigott: We've had a few shutdown days, like everybody else. So yes, you're absolutely right on your math in terms of there are a few more days in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter, with the holidays in the fourth quarter. But I think, just looking at the number of trucks and margins, it's going to be comparable. There's certainly some -- a couple of percent pressure impact that we're looking at.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. Well, we're very proud, particularly, well, all of our truck divisions, of being a leader on the natural gas industry and been doing this for, well, gosh, over 15 years now. We offer the 9-liter and the 15-liter, but we're certainly -- are well aware of the 12-liter and have worked with Cummins. We continue to be Cummins' largest partner. We're proud of that and proud of what they've done. So I think, in terms of the natural gas, we've got great product. In terms of the inquiry pick-up, I'd say it's more on the vocational side and perhaps more on some of the -- are just online truckload customers. Natural gas will be a factor, but at this time it's a pretty small factor. We'll just have to see over time how the infrastructure shakes out to -- across, well, North America and, certainly, Europe. Well, we offer a full range and we continue to be the leader and we're proud of it.
Mark C. Pigott: We have 12 liters running in our fleets and we continue to look at a wide range of offerings. Of course, we're very excited about an engine called the MX-13.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, absolutely. Well, I think, as we might have mentioned earlier, we've completed a lot of major, exciting projects and launched a lot of new products. R&D, I think the change is really minimal because we'll continue to work on new projects and products every year. And I think as 2013 progresses, I know a lot of our engineers have got new things they want to share with the industry, so that'll be a lot of fun and good for our customers and our dealers. And I think that's the very straightforward story.
Mark C. Pigott: I think, in line with my comments and a little bit of what we talked about in the press release, that the production both in Europe and North America will be comparable, though it could be a couple percent down compared to the fourth quarter. And customers are liking our products. And we continue to look at new products and maintain the strong growth and the share that the teams have been able to achieve over the last number of years. So I'd say comparable, though there's -- there could be 1% to 2% down.
Mark C. Pigott: Right. That's the new DAF XF Euro 6 which we launched at the Hannover Show in September. People are very excited about it. I think, in terms of pricing to the customer, it's going to be comparable. We're obviously excited about some of the aerodynamics and benefits that the vehicle will bring to our customers. And that'll -- so it starts coming out April, May time and I think there's just a gradual buildup over the rest of the year. And hopefully there'll be some small benefit on the margin side, but we'll just have to see how the general economy plays out across Europe because that is the large macro impact that all of us have to work through. But it's a very exciting, great-looking truck and -- boy, it just got a lot of positive press, our customers and dealers are really looking forward to production.
Mark C. Pigott: I think, slightly, yes, yes. We're -- obviously, we work with a number of the major bodybuilders and they are slightly encouraged by what they're seeing. And there's -- but yes, it's good business. Also, over time, it's -- over time, it's good business for dealers, parts and service because these vehicles are in some rugged applications.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I mean, a little bit. We're actually making a few things now in Mississippi that we're sending to Europe. So the factory is fully engaged and completely outfitted with wonderful robotics and new machinery. We have a great work force there. So I think, over the next couple of years, you're going to see a lot of really wonderful things coming out of Mississippi.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, sure. I think, on margins, I think it's going to be, as I've mentioned at the beginning, for 2013, will be...
Mark C. Pigott: Right. I think it'll be comparable to 2012. We really need -- and you've been very excellent and diligent about asking these questions for many years and we try to give you good answers. The overall market is still down and we've got to get the general economy going again. I mean, it's not just us as representatives of the commercial vehicle market, there's lots of different industries that want to get this market going again. And I think, as that happens, with the improvements and the investments we've made in our factories and our processes, we'll see some margin enhancements. So if we can get back to a solid 2%, 3% GDP growth, and customers are feeling good about growing their fleets, which is important. I think we started out the comments by saying it's going to be primarily a replacement market, then you'll see some enhancement because our factories are ready, they're the most efficient in our history. These trucks are the best we've ever built in our history. And that's -- so we're ready.
Mark C. Pigott: Absolutely. We still have plenty of competitors that, let's say, have a slightly different view on pricing than we do, and that's the world we live in.
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, the energy. It's -- we sell to the major energy producers, they're great customers. I think that side has slowed down a little bit, there was strong orders last year, that we still continue to get orders. But I think it's now shifting back more towards the, let's call it, traditional on-highway customers.
Mark C. Pigott: Absolutely. Well, we've got a great history, of course, with the MX engine in Europe. And it's going to be a couple of years. And of course, the good news is we want these engines to be fantastic, and they are. And so to have parts business is some benefit, but we're really working hard to not have too much. But it's a couple of years.
Mark C. Pigott: Actually, the fuel economy, with the additional after-treatment, is able to stay at the same level as Euro 5, which is a big plus. There's a lot of additional equipment and we've been able to maintain our weight positions. So the truck is -- one, it's receiving a lot of attention from customers with the attractive operating characteristics, as it will be launched in spring.
Mark C. Pigott: I think R&D will be in the range that you've seen over the last couple of years. It may not have the peak for a number of years because we've updated and replaced over 60% of our trucks, so that's the majority of the trucks. The big-engine emission requirements are done, although now we're working with greenhouse gas which is -- really goes from 2014 to 2017, in that time frame. So I think it's going to be in the range. The factories that we're building will be complete in Brazil this year. But there's always opportunities and new great ideas that come up from our teams. But I think it's in the range. It may be a little bit lower for a couple of years. But if we come up with a great new idea, we're going to fund it and put people on it and work hard on it.
Mark C. Pigott: That's on the expense side. And then in terms of ramping up, well, certainly, we hope that our customers or potential new customers get excited about the product. We've had a lot of early indications, and we're putting our dealer network into position throughout the country of Brazil. But it will take a couple of years to ramp it up because we build to order, as you know, but early indications are people are looking forward to the product, the product is performing well. And a lot of the customers are aware of DAF. They either have connections with European operators or they've seen the DAF operate in different countries in South America. So they've also seen how it competes very well against the current suppliers in Brazil and they know that DAF is now #2 in Europe. And that gives them great comfort that DAF will offer a very robust, high-quality product for the Brazilian and Argentinian market.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the -- that's a great question. Of course, one of the wonderful opportunities of working for PACCAR is we have a very strong balance sheet, a very conservative, focused company so that we're able to do, within reason, a lot of these different activities. Have a good CapEx program and repurchase shares and continue to invest in the overall business. So as CapEx comes down a little bit, I think it's important to recognize we have still many, many projects going on. We have all these wonderful ideas being generated everyday by our teams throughout PACCAR, that we'll continue to fund these great ideas and we want to make sure that we have a very attractive program for our shareholders. And you've seen over, well, decades, a very good quarterly dividend program, occasionally a special dividend, if that's what's merited, and a share repurchase. So we try to work on all fronts with equal facility.
Mark C. Pigott: I'm -- no. But I'm glad you raised that because I think a few people talked about general inventory, and I think you all noted that inventory has come down. And I would anticipate inventory would come down a little bit more particularly as the few remaining 2010 -- EPA 2010 engines are installed in customer vehicles. So we pride ourselves on excellent inventory turns and low inventory. I think you'll see some improvement in the first quarter.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, there are certainly numerous conferences, and maybe you've attended some of them or read about them in industry press. We're excited about the opportunities in natural gas. We have the products. We've got the experience. Our dealers are ready. We certainly have some long-standing customers, particularly a number of them in the port areas. If the infrastructure and a major company, whether it's in the resource industry or somebody else, makes a investment to allow online, highway, natural gas trucks, we're ready for that. That's all we can do. We're ready. We're the leader. So we're excited about it. But until that happens, we'll continue to sell to people that have other requirements in the industry, which is diesel. It's a wonderful fuel and it's very productive.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, G&A and SE&A and managing our general budgets has been one of -- I'm glad you brought it up because that has one of PACCAR's strengths and is -- for 107 years. We run a very efficient, tight ship. And I think we typically lead the industry in the up cycle and the down cycle and the status quo cycle. So that's one of our great strengths. And if the industry is sort of similar to last year, we work it, we continue to see how we're going to become more efficient. And I think, as we've shared over the last, oh, gosh, couple of decades, we're trying to get 3%, 4%, 5%, 6%, 7% productivity improvement in our factories every single year. In fact, we now have a program where we go out and we'll work with our suppliers and our dealers and teach them how to manage efficiently whether it's through Six Sigma or 5S. And it's a nice little business that we've been able to generate. So that's one of the core strengths of PACCAR.
Mark C. Pigott: I think we mentioned in the press release that, with the growth of our parts business, we look forward to having that as a separate segment and so we'll have that broken out.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. I think on -- first of all, on the production side, I think we're looking at that as -- in Europe, it could be comparable. In North America, there's some improvement, should be comparable. So I think that's more of the takeaway, I think, you want to be looking at. It's sort of comparable to last year. I mean, there may be some ups and downs, depending on the economy. That's the main one. On sales -- and sales really follows production, so sort of comparable.
Mark C. Pigott: No, no, no. That was -- we build to order. And all those trucks, if you go down to Colombia, you'll see a lot of good-looking Kenworths driving around. And so they're in operation, they're being reassigned to different types of haulage. But we're looking for that to pick up. It may not happen this year in Colombia. I mean, it's just one market. But as they say, if we get the housing market improving, which it's gone from a low of something over 400,000 starts and now there's projections of 700,000, 800,000, 900,000, that's going to have a positive impact on many, many industries. And certainly, trucking will be one of them.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we are -- we certainly have test vehicles running in Brazil, very normal as you go into a new market. And we also have a lot of experience in other countries of South America. So there will be some trucks placed in-country so that the dealers have product to sell. But we're really -- we're building that factory because we're going to supply South America from our Brazil factory. So it's -- that's our focus right now.
Mark C. Pigott: That's -- no. No, no impact at all. Good question, though. And of course, we want to invite everybody down to Brazil probably early next year. We can show you our beautiful facility.
Mark C. Pigott: That is a great question. We should get you on our strategic planning group. It's funny, -- our -- I've been in this business 35 years and I've had -- I got a lot of wonderful friends, customers and dealers. And the list is probably long of things that they would like us to do. The good news is that we are ahead of their request the vast majority of the time and they're very, very happy. But there's always, whether it's minor design enhancements, different services. But I'd say, the vast majority of the time, we're ahead of what they're expecting. But occasionally, there are some really good ideas that we do incorporate. And we have customer panels, groups of people get together. We have dealer groups that get together. We have supplier groups that get together. And it -- I -- this is going to -- you asked me a nice, fluffy one, I'll give you a little bit of a fluffy answer. But we pride ourselves on the highest-quality products with the best residual and the lowest operating costs. And that's what we deliver. So when you're getting that as a customer, you're generally pretty happy.
Mark C. Pigott: No, no. That's -- no. That's -- I mean, it's a good question, though. We have a very broad array of product offerings and options that we bring to the market on a global basis. And in the markets where we are, I think we have a -- we do a very, very good job. As we move into China and India -- they have slightly different demands and that's what we're working through to get a better understanding of what that market requires. And that's a ways off. But certainly, now with our growth in India, we have a couple hundred of wonderful employees working there, whereas a couple of years ago we did not. That is certainly opening our eyes to another opportunity. And we're sort of bringing that on board.
Mark C. Pigott: Let's talk a little bit about used trucks because that is an important element, certainly, in our life and the life of our customers and our dealers. As we look over the last 4 years, going back to the early part -- or the late part of '09, the good news is that used trucks are up about 65% in value over the last 4 years. And that's very, very encouraging in terms of our average sales price. Towards the end of last year, there was a little bit of a falloff, but now we've seen -- starting out this year, we've seen a pretty steady -- in terms of used truck valuations. So that's one of the real core strengths that we bring to our customers with Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF, is that our vehicles 3, 4, 5 years out are going to be worth significantly more than our competitors', and we said that time and time again in the used truck marketplace...
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, yes. No, we're comfortable with it. And I mean, just general inventory for our dealers is actually pretty low. And I think our dealers are adding -- I'm talking about new trucks now, but adding new trucks to customers as they see a little bit of a pickup. But used truck inventory is -- yes, it's reasonable, yes.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the good news, aftermarket was at record levels, so that's -- let's sort of lay the foundation there, that's important. In fact, it's the third consecutive year of record sales for parts. So the -- I think the parts team have done an outstanding job. In terms of any slowdown in the parts sales, and remember this is a slowdown to a record, very important. I think that's -- primarily be in Europe as some of the southern countries, which are well documented, with challenges, we've seen some definite slowdowns there. But on the other hand, we're going to be opening a brand-new distribution center. I know a number of the tech companies get a lot of press when they open up distribution centers. I hope we do also. And we've already had probably close to 1,000 of our parts and service people from the dealers in Europe going through our new center. And I think there'll be some renewed enthusiasm for the aftermarket business in Europe.
Mark C. Pigott: Those are 2 great questions which we typically don't really share too much. Backlog is probably coming down a little bit. But our share is driven by how successful we are in the marketplace.
Unknown Executive: Yes, just we identified certain production tooling investments that were long-lived assets and therefore were capitalized.
Unknown Executive: Yes, so as the Brazil plant continues to develop during the course of the year, we would expect to see a little bit of investments there that will affect our results, but it'll be gradual as we go throughout the year.
Unknown Executive: Yes, the -- for 2012, it was -- the parts sales were 2,667,000,000 compared to 2,577,000,000 in 2011.
