Ron Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported record quarterly revenues and increased net income for the third quarter of 2014. PACCAR’s third quarter sales and financial services revenues were $4.9 billion and net income was $371 million and after tax return on revenues of 7.5%. Revenues were up 15% and net income increased 20% compared to the results generated in the third quarter last year. These excellent results reflect increased truck deliveries in North America and records for quarterly sales of PACCAR parts and quarterly pretax profit at PACCAR Financial Services. I’m very proud of 23,400 employees who have delivered industry leading products and services to our customers worldwide. During the third quarter, PACCAR repurchased 581,000 shares of stock for $34.1 million. Under the current Board authorization of $300 million, PACCAR repurchased 5.6 million shares for $226 million. PACCAR delivered 37,400 trucks during the quarter, an 11% increase versus the second quarter of this year and 6% higher than the third quarter last year. This growth reflects increased truck deliveries in the U.S. and Canada due to many customers expanding their fleet and the ongoing replacement of older trucks. Industry orders for Class 8 trucks in the U.S. and Canada for the first nine months of this year were over 220,000 trucks, a 38% increase over the comparable period last year. Our customers are benefiting from positive economic trends that are generating record freight tonnage and higher fleet utilization. U.S. auto sales are projected to be over 16 million vehicles and housing starts over 1 million units this year. Other good economic news is that the U.S. unemployment gains this year have averaged 227,000 jobs per month and lower fuel prices are benefiting on customers’ operating costs. In Europe, it is encouraging that the UK economy, which is PACCAR’s largest market in the region, is expected to grow by about 3% this year. The Eurozone economies are projected to grow more modestly at around 1%. Year-to-date through September, freight in Germany as measured by the Maut toll system was 3% higher than the same period last year. During the third quarter, market registrations of Euro 6 vehicles continue to increase and were estimated to be about 85% to 90% of the industry. As a result, DAF’s market share increased to over 15% for the third quarter. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect to increase global truck deliveries by 5% to 7% compared to the third quarter, reflecting an increased number of workdays in Europe and the continued strength of the North American Class 8 market. Fourth quarter truck gross margin should be slightly higher than the third quarter reflecting the benefits of higher production levels. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 245,000 to 255,000 trucks this year, the highest level since 2006. The 2015 estimate for the U.S. and Canada Class 8 market is 240,000 to 270,000 trucks. For 2014, Europe’s greater than 16-tonne market is projected to be in the range of 210,000 to 220,000 trucks with our 2005 estimate at 200,000 to 240,000 trucks. Production of DAF trucks in Brazil was steady, with build rates expected to increase gradually in 2015. PACCAR’s Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $784 million. PACCAR Parts’ quarterly pre-tax income was $128 million, an increase of 20% compared to a year ago. The strong results were driven by improved fleet utilization and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $306 million in the quarter. PACCAR Financial’s pre-tax income was a quarterly record $97 million compared to $88 million earned last year. The improved results benefited from growth in asset balances and strong portfolio performance. PACCAR’s strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $2 billion in new products and facilities in the last three years. In the third quarter, DAF introduced many exciting new products at the Hanover truck show including the new DAF CF and XF Low Deck tractors and DAF CF and XF trucks with Predictive Cruise Control. Kenworth and Peterbilt launched the innovative additions to their product lineups including natural gas versions of the Kenworth T680 and T880 and the Peterbilt Models 579 and 567. Capital expenditures for 2015 are projected to be $325 million to $375 million, and research and development expenses are estimated to be $200 million to $250 million. The investments will enhance our global product ranges, aftermarket support and manufacturing facilities. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest quality products and services in the industry, investing in new geographic regions and providing excellent returns to our shareholders. I’ll be pleased to answer your questions.
Ron Armstrong: I think capital expenditures next year, if you look back at sort of our average spending levels have been in the $300 million to $400 million level on average. And I think next year will be a typical year with continued investment in parts distribution centers. We’re going to build a new parts distribution center in Renton, here in the Seattle area. We’ll continue to invest in new products and continue to invest in improving the efficiency of our manufacturing facilities around the world. One of the things that we’ll be doing next year is investing a new paint facility at our Westerlo plant in Belgium.
Ron Armstrong: I think the fleets have taken some actions to track more drivers through increasing pay rates and other activities. And so, I think they are feeling better about being able to keep their trucks utilized and of course freight tonnage is at an all time high. So, the demand is there and we’re starting to see a little bit more willingness to make that fleet expansion.
Ron Armstrong: We’re in good shape from a capacity standpoint. We have a fair amount of capacity remaining in several of our plants, in North America. So, we don’t see capacity being a limiting factor for our operations in the near term. And so in Europe obviously where I think we’re in good shape capacity wise as well. So we feel good about our capacity really in all of our markets around the world.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Pricing has been pretty steady for us in the last 12 months. We talked about with Euro 6 coming on board early part of 2014, the market still remains at a relatively low level compared to some of the peak levels. So, pricing continues to be steady. And if there is some opportunity for market improvement as we go forward, maybe some opportunity for pricing realization. But I’d say steady is how we’re thinking about pricing as we go forward.
Ron Armstrong: I mean, we’re pretty full for the rest of this year and then just starting to add to our backlog for next year.
Ron Armstrong: There is typical adjustments effective with the model year change and so when that happens next year, there probably would be a list price adjustment that goes with that.
Ron Armstrong: Suppliers did a great job of supporting our build rate ramp up during the third quarter. And everything is running very smoothly at this point and we see no particular challenges with being able to continue to support that and commodity prices are relatively stable. So that’s obviously allowing us a stable cost situation.
Ron Armstrong: Sure. PACCAR does a great job with the vocational business. The vocational market in the North American continent is on order of 25% to 30% of the total market, probably up 5% to 10% year-on-year and our market share is in the 45% to 50% range. So, the good solid steady market for PACCAR. And in Europe the guys are working really hard to capture a larger share of that rigid or vocational business in Europe and certainly it’s an opportunity for us there.
Ron Armstrong: So, total deliveries were 37,400, so I don’t know. We’ll get the information by region, I have it here. So, 37,400 in U.S. and Canada; 23,500 Europe; 9,200 in the West Mexico, South America, Australia and other.
Ron Armstrong: Upside risk. I mean, I guess we feel good about the ranges that we’ve provided, Andy; I don’t -- if U.S. and Canada continue at third and fourth quarter pace, it would be probably towards the higher end of that range. And Europe a lot depends on how things develop in the economy over the coming months. So, I don’t have a comment which was say more risky than the other. I think we feel good about our ranges at this point.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think we’re at a production level to support the current market conditions in U.S. and Canada. So assuming the market is near the -- within our range, I think we’ll see fairly steady production levels through next year. And Europe orders have been relatively steady and we’ve been producing at a pretty steady pace there. And so, we’ll see how things develop as we enter 2015. But our perspective is that the markets will be similar to up depending on how the economic conditions develop.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Inventories both for our truck operations and our dealers are in great shape. Dealers have reasonable levels that are consistent with the current market conditions. I’d say that’s true not only in Europe but also in North America, and if anything dealers can probably use maybe a little bit more inventory in some of our North American activities.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think as we now work to the point in the year, we’re 10% up year-on-year, so I think for the full year, we’ll be at the higher end of that range for the full year.
Ron Armstrong: I would expect, our parts team does a great job of putting together innovative programs and services to support our dealers, customers around the world. So, I would think we would see some continued growth in the parts business as we progress into 2015.
Ron Armstrong: I would say that in the oil and gas area activity is steady, probably is the best way to say that year-on-year; probably have a little bit more growth in residential and commercial construction applications. And in the current environment, we would think that that would be the trend moving forward as well. Construction activity would continue to lead the vocational market until oil and gas pricing really recovers from its current level.
Ron Armstrong: No, Ann I’d say the economy is in the midst of long slow economic recovery and it’s -- all of the segments of the Class A business long-haul short-haul, they’re all responding within the same solid range of growth.
Ron Armstrong: Which is great for PACCAR because we’ve got a very diverse product lineup; we’re strong in all of those segments.
Ron Armstrong: No, it’s early days for us and our build rates are steady and we anticipate being able to gradually ramp up build rates as we start into 2015. Our dealers get more of their final facilities in place and operational and we get contact with more and more customers, we have lots of demo trucks that are out with customers that they are testing and we’re getting traction really as we continue to go week-by-week, month-by-month. So, team has done a great job and we’ve got a great long-term opportunity in Brazil. So, the short-term situation in Brazil doesn’t really impact us.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Products are great. The Euro 6 products have been very well received by our customers. Obviously, we continue to increase the penetration of engines in North America, 35%, 40%. So, I think we have 65,000 engines in the field these days. And so, the feedback on the engines all of our truck models around the world is excellent and warranty performance is just normal. So, products are doing great.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think warranty as I said is very normal. There is nothing unusual about our warranty rates. And so, I think we’ll see steady warranty as we go.
Ron Armstrong: No, I think retail sales were pretty consistent with our production levels. Probably maybe a 1,000 trucks or so from the beginning of the year dealer inventory down to where we’re at today, but it’s nothing of significance.
Ron Armstrong: No, I think as we put our range for next year, we think it will be $200 million to $250 million somewhere very comparable to what we saw this year as we continue to invest in our new product line ups and engine efficiency, facility enhancements, new systems to support continuing to improve our business efficiency. So, I think R&D will be in that comparable level as we look at 2015.
Ron Armstrong: Well, as we’re talking about capital expenditures for next year in $325 million to $375 million range, we’ve got a $0.22 per quarter regular dividend and we’ll take a look at what the year-end might bring with respect to special dividend payments. The Board will evaluate that and make a decision. And we continue to -- it’s a cyclical business, having a strong cash position is healthy for our company in industry. And we’ll continue to look at alternative uses; and obviously having a strong cash position and strong cash flow gives us a lot of flexibility to take advantage of situations that might arise. And we periodically from time-to-time will go in the open market and repurchase shares, so that’s always an option for us. So that will be our plan as we continue forward.
Ron Armstrong: No, I think pricing is pretty constant. It’s -- we have a great product lineup. We have a broad Euro 6 product offering. And so the customers are very appreciative of the great products. And so pricing has been I’d say fairly constant as we’ve moved throughout this year for Euro 6 products.
Ron Armstrong: I think it’ll depend a lot on market demand and the amount of what the market size potential maybe. So at this point, I don’t see any significant ups or downs in price expectations for 2015.
Ron Armstrong: So, we talked about 5% to 7% increase in our fourth quarter deliveries with the majority of that coming from just increased workdays in Europe. Our European business has their traditional summer shutdown period during the third quarter. So, that gives us more workdays in the fourth quarter. And then we continue to see the benefits of the strong North American market.
Ron Armstrong: That’s a long-term proposition for us where we do expect to ramp up our build rate in 2015; it’s held steady. Market conditions are -- it’s a challenging market but the opportunity for DAF to continue to gain traction and build this place in the market is great. And so we look for continued improvement in 2015 and beyond. And we’ll get to that breakeven point in the near term.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I mean we’re producing at record build rates in our Chillicothe and Denton factories. We still have lots of opportunity to build more trucks and our Renton factory and Sainte-Therese in Canada. Our Mexico factory obviously has some additional capacity, in Europe we’re in great shape capacity wise. So, good shape really in all of our geographic areas.
Ron Armstrong: No, no scheduled overtime. So, we’re in good shape and all the capacity investments that we’ve made over the last five years have really positioned our facilities to be in great shape to support current market conditions, as well as reasonable growth prospects that may come.
Ron Armstrong: I think as we look at -- build rates have been reasonably steady, I mean we took to build rates up in third quarter and fourth quarter of 2013 to support the demand for the Europe by pre-buy as we reduce that back down at the beginning of 2014. That build rate has been relatively steady at that level through the course of the year.
Ron Armstrong: No, I think we had a well thought out pricing strategy with our engine when we launched it four years ago in 2010. We’ve stayed pretty consistent with our approach. And think the engine obviously provides great value for our customers, it provides a great option for them, it’s lightweight fuel efficient and reliable and durable. So, great engine. Like I said 65,000 engines in the field currently. And so, I think that’s again pretty stable outlook on sort of what we see as pricing and value for our customers.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So, our current thoughts the market will be comparable to this year and that we hope to improve our share of that market as we look to 2015. And so, I think build rates will enter next year at rates comparable to where we’re at currently.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. And when I say build schedule I am thinking about the daily build rate. And again, our daily build rate has been pretty steady throughout 2014 what has been a difference is the number of work days in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. 
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Primarily it was the benefits of operating leverage, 11% up in terms of delivered volumes during the quarter and so really was the manifest of operating leverage.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, Europe was and it was really the ability of the suppliers and facilities to deliver the ramp up plans very efficiently and very effectively.
Ron Armstrong: Well, I think we continue to see the increased penetration of our engines over time; in the third quarter, we were in a 35% to 40% range. And so I think deals continue to see a steady progression as time goes. And so 50%, at some point in the near term is not -- is certainly achievable. And as we increased utilization of our factory, there are some operating leverage benefits that come with that.
Ron Armstrong: Well, it starts when the engine gets put in service, but that ramps up over time. And so as we increase the number of engines in the field, that aftermarket benefit really starts to take again two to three, four years. So the part stream has a little bit longer tail, the service opportunities because it’s a captive engine and will be serviced at Kenworth and Peterbilt dealer provides good near-term opportunity for our parts organization to sell parts that are also installed in different service intervals. And so the service captivity is an important piece of the engine strategy.
Ron Armstrong: I think our market estimate for Europe you were talking about 210,000 to 220,000 this year and next year 200,000 to 240,000. We would expect DAF to earn its typical share of that market and so that will be indicative of production. So, I don’t think there is any big difference between sort of market registrations and our production for either year.
Ron Armstrong: Well, our deliveries in Russia this year will be lower than last year effective of some of the uncertainty that exists in that region, but we continue to sell trucks. We’ve got a great and growing dealer network in Russia. And so we see it as a great long-term market for us, but certainly impacted this year by what’s going on in the region and you see that in some of the other areas. The other areas of Eastern Europe we continue to grow our business there and again see that whole region as a great long-term opportunity for DAF.
Ron Armstrong: Well, the used market has been very good throughout this year, up 5% to 10% year-on-year. And so it’s -- there is no signs of that being significantly different in the near-term. So, used truck prices are near all-time highs and we’re benefiting from that in our finance operations.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. So, the plans for launching in North America early 2016. The feedback in Europe has been excellent. I was in Europe in September and met with some customers and dealers and the benefits that engine provides in terms of payload, capacity, the weight, the efficiency of the engine in terms of improved fuel efficiency. It’s great for a lot of customer applications. And so, as we see downsizing becoming a growing trend in Europe, the MX-11 is being very well received and we’ll have the launch here in 2016 and we think that will be a nice addition to our engine offerings in North America as well.
Ron Armstrong: So, the UK, the Netherlands, Belgium sort of our home markets if you will. Got impacted a fair amount of the Euro 5 pull forward and Netherlands and UK had unique transition rules. So, those markets are down quite a bit this year compared to 2013. And the expectation for next year is that those markets will see some growth which will benefit DAF both in terms of production volumes and share position. We’re very strong in Central European countries, market leader in Central Europe. And so, I think we’ll continue to see reasonable growth in Central Europe as we go forward.  So, I feel DAF, again DAF Euro 6 product has been very well received; the MX or the MX-11 engine has been very well received. So the product line up is as broad and as it never has been and so DAF is well positioned to continue their march towards the 20% market share in the mid-term.
Ron Armstrong: I don’t think -- we haven’t got that precise with our outlook. I’d say that we expect both markets to continue to grow in the short-term, obviously the long-term we’ll see how things develop. But right now, I think we see as Bob mentioned earlier, the improving construction market conditions will support vocational growth in the short-term and record freight tonnage obviously supports the long haul and less than truckload business as well as in the short-term.
Ron Armstrong: Well obviously with the Rusev administration continuing and we expect that those subsidy arrangements will continue, I think there will be some discussions in the coming weeks and months about what exactly those terms and conditions will be. But our expectation is that those will continue in at least a similar form or fashion just to what they have currently.
Ron Armstrong: Over time, the market share penetration, so the percentage of PACCAR trucks that are finance and leasing companies supported then in the 28% to 30% range. And so I think we would continue to expect to see it in that range. Our team provides really strong customer service. We’re dedicated to the transport industry. So the increased level of customer service and technology that we have to support the business is beyond what others can offer. So I think we’ll continue to see it in that range.
Ron Armstrong: Well, when you say ASP I guess you’re talking about average selling price just to make sure we’re right.
Ron Armstrong: Well, our discussions with our customers are all based on the value that we provide to them to meet their needs and each customer is different and their expectations and demands may change overtime. So, it’s a very dynamic pricing environment and we price our product to earn fair return and provide them a great product that they can have the lowest lifetime operating costs for their operation.
Ron Armstrong: So absorption rates are trending up. Our dealers are performing excellently and taking advantage of the high freight levels and providing great service, extending their hours of service, opening new facilities. So, you see the benefits of that in their business. Their inventories are in great shape. And as I mentioned earlier, in fact maybe they are bit too low from where maybe the optimal situation might be. But dealers are doing very well in North America, as well as in Europe.
Bob Christensen: Well on the cost side, SG&A is -- I think we’ll continue to see comparable levels next year to what we’ve seen this year. So, I don’t see that -- if there is higher revenues that provides some leverage, but spending levels will remain relatively constant and R&D we talked about for next year, our range being in the $200 million to $250 million range as we continue to invest in new products, energy engine efficiency and other product enhancements. So again, that spending level will be in that range somewhere. So again, the leverage will depend on whether we have increased revenues or not to go with that. From a factory standpoint, we will see to the extent that build rates increase, we’ll see some operating leverage as a result of that. So, it’s a pretty typical operating leverage as we’ve seen over the years. What was the…
Bob Christensen: I think it really depends on the volumes that we see. I think we see pricing has been steady and there is opportunity to get additional operating leverage with additional volume I think.
Bob Christensen: Yes, I would just say that our pensions are fully funded and the contribution rates are steady and we don’t really expect a much of change from that.
Bob Christensen: Okay. So, the revenues minus the cost. So, part of that is obviously we’re A+ rated borrower and so we have -- able to borrow at very competitive rates and we were able to support our dealers and our customers for them at very cost effective rates to support our business. Part of the reason for that improved margin is the fact that market rates are trending down and so the revenue number and the cost number both are going down. And so it sort of creates a higher margin percentage just because of market rate movements.
