Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF delivered 32,800 trucks in the third quarter, with truck, Parts and other gross margins of 11.8%. Third quarter volumes and margins reflect manufacturing inefficiencies associated with limited microchip supplies. Depending on the supply of materials, fourth quarter PACCAR global truck deliveries should increase into the low 40,000s with gross margins improving to approximately 12.5%. Customer demand is strong and DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt are well positioned for sales growth and margin expansion as the new truck models are now in production, and when semiconductor vendor supply issues are resolved. PACCAR Parts had another outstanding quarter, achieving record revenues of $1.26 billion up 24% compared to the third quarter of last year. Parts pretax profits were a record $281 million, up 34% from last year. PACCAR Parts benefited from strong freight demand and truck utilization, world-class supply chain management and logistics, and increased distribution capacity. In the first 9 months of this year, overall part sales increased 28% with e-commerce parts sales increasing 37%. PACCAR continues to invest in its Parts business, and is building a new distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky that will open next year. We currently expect fourth quarter part sales to be similar to the strong third quarter. PACCAR Financial Services earned record pretax income of $120 million, reflecting strong portfolio performance, a robust used truck demand. We expect fourth quarter PACCAR Financial results to be in line with the excellent third quarter. PACCAR Financial is increasing its retail used truck center capacity worldwide, which enhances used truck margins. The latest PACCAR Financial used truck facility is under construction in Madrid, Spain. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values deliver a 10% to 20% premium over competitive strikes. PACCAR has invested $7.3 billion in new vehicle programs, enhanced facilities and new technologies during the past decade. This includes the investment of $1 billion for the new DAF truck range and its expanded factories. Capital expenditures for 2021 are projected to be $525 million to $550 million. Next year, we plan to invest $425 million to $475 million in capital projects as we've just completed the launch of our exciting new truck platforms. Research and development expenses are estimated to be $320 million to $330 million this year, an increase to $350 million to $400 million next year. Next year's increased R&D spending will support our clean diesel, zero- emissions, autonomous and connected truck programs. These programs, along with the strong performance of Parts and Financial Services, will ensure PACCAR's ongoing success. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: No, as Preston mentioned, Steve, those trucks were largely completed in prior quarters. So that's why we incurred overhead and labor and the absorption as well. So once those trucks get delivered, we'll record the margin on the truck, but not the absorption anymore.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. As Preston mentioned, we've increased prices on average 4% in the third quarter, David. If we look into the fourth quarter next year, that is obviously going to continue. We're going to recover material cost increases and price for those and hopefully a little bit more in a strong market that we're in today.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, a little bit will depend on the supply base, David. I think our teams have done an amazing job in redesigning modules, components to work with alternative chips and other solutions that although the semiconductor situation is still constrained. And we found some alternative solutions to keep production going with good solutions. And I think that supports our optimism a little bit.
Harrie Schippers: The change in model year is relevant that it changed from the old to the new model. So the new DAF, the new T680, the new 579, the new medium duty those have a much bigger impact than the model year change this year.
Harrie Schippers: Incremental margins typically have been in that 15% to 20% range, and nothing has changed about the company-wide, that wouldn’t -- that continue to occur going forward. And like we said, we expect margins to improve in the fourth quarter to 12.5%. And as we work through the semiconductor issues and with the new work models in place, margins should improve significantly going into next year.
Harrie Schippers: No. We will end this year, approximately 30% of our heavy trucks being the new model, and January will be similar than I would say, as of March, it should be 50% and continue to grow from there.
Harrie Schippers: No big changes in vertical integration, Ross. But we did just complete the launch of the biggest product renewal programs in the new medium duties, the new T680 and the new 579. So we're now in that phase the R&D go up a little bit more as we focus our efforts to autonomous electrification, connectivity, those kind of technologies. And in that phase, there's just more R&D going on and capital spending will come later.
Harrie Schippers: And a range of 260,000 to 300,000 at the high end of that range, a 300,000 truck market for Europe, that's a pretty good market. So let's not forget that.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Tim, the finance company has had a stellar quarter. The portfolio is of excellent quality. Customers continue to pay on time. Past dues were less than 0.5%. And on top of that, we see strong demand for used trucks. All the investments we've made in the used truck centers over the years, we get the dividends out of that now. And you see that back in that strong profitability, $120 million, a record for the finance company. And we expect that performance to continue, let's say, into next year it's difficult to say what's going to happen in the second half of next year. But for the foreseeable future, the finance company in the future is bright.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Courtney, of course, those alternative chips can be more expensive and often are more expensive but it doesn't have a material impact on our gross margin percentages for now.
Harrie Schippers: For Parts, Felix, it's very easy to -- whenever there are cost increases, do have price increases at the same time, there is no backlog for Parts. So the Parts orders that come in today, they're going to be shipped to their same day or tomorrow. So that's very easy to get pricing there in line or better than the cost increases.
Preston Feight: That's partially correct is what I'd say, Stephen. The way I'd look at it is, through the course of the third quarter, supplier constraints remained, that caused us to have 7,000 fewer deliveries from us. That was a combination of build rate adjustments as well as trucks that are almost complete, as you referenced them. So that's what put us in that position. So right now, with the 32,800 trucks in the third quarter, there's about 10,000 trucks offline. And that's how you match that up.
Preston Feight: I think about it this way, is that what we think is with the trucks that are offline, those are just missing a component or 2 or 3. And so as those trucks deliver, that's going to be good for us in terms of getting the truck to the customer. That's the most important thing and that’s where our focus really was in the third quarter is to get as many trucks prepared as we could. So we'll see that improve market share positions, et cetera, around the world. We also think that as we get additional supply of semiconductors, then that will allow us to go up in build rate. And we think those things will happen concurrent with one another, so…
Preston Feight: It does. Yes. In the course of the third quarter, there was more than normal start-up and that's a percentage of what was going on as well. And I think that what we're seeing now is those new 579, new T680 and medium-duty products starting to see them on the road. And we're hearing a lot of positive feedback from our customers. So the team did a great job on those. The new DAF just went into production. And it's just fantastic.
Preston Feight: Absolutely. So as we think about the fourth quarter, what I mentioned in the commentary is that we've started to see some good news, working with the supply base. Our teams here in purchasing materials operations have done just a fantastic job working suppliers, suppliers working with us. partnerships, we've now started to come up with the either reengineered solutions or alternate chips or brokered chips that allows us to start to recover some of the trucks in the fourth quarter. And we think that, that will continue, it's likely to continue. And then as we get into 2022, as we have steady production, which is what we'd anticipate, albeit at probably some still constrained level that will allow our margins to improve kind of to more normal high margins.
Preston Feight: Sure, Ann. First of all, we had price realization of 4% in the third quarter. And so that has matched up with the materials. We think into 2022, we should have continued price realization for these great new products. I mean, if you just think about the kind of product performance they're delivering for our customers, and we're seeing that. So that's good news for us. And then as you mentioned, our inventory is about 1.4 months compared to the industry of 1.9 or 2 months, which allows us to also think that we'll build more. And really 2022 as we look at it, will be probably constrained only by supply of components, certainly true for the first half.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think as we look at it, it's really been just recently that we've seen a stabilization in the supply base, the semiconductors from the work the teams are doing. And so that's the good news that we see. And in this work with our second, third, fourth tier suppliers, and we have good supply base, and they're all communicating really well with us right now, that we would expect that there'll be gradual rather than a hockey stick as you mentioned. How far that goes and where that bounds out at, we don't know that. We'll have to see how that looks in the course of the year, which actually could be play into a good market for next year and in a good market in the year after that. So that's the positives there. And then just to add on to what Harrie was talking about in price realization. One of the things that we do see with the new DAF trucks, we have over 10,000 orders for the new DAFs in Europe. And as we mentioned briefly, it's the only truck in Europe that meets the new regulations for truck design, the only truck and customers are amazingly excited about it, and it's going to make a big difference for us. So that's a positive.
Preston Feight: I think that's probably true. That's really 1 of the things we focused on in the course of the quarter or 2 as there's a tremendous amount of customer demand for the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks out there. And so our focus has been around getting as many prepared for delivery as we can, building and just shy of component to satisfy that market demand for these great trucks.
Preston Feight: Well, as you know, every time there's a model year, there's an increase in how that works, and that will happen in the first part of 2022 and just the normal cadence.
Preston Feight: Well, we're in this test right now with FedEx and Aurora calling freight. It's the first time we've been participating in an actual freight-hauling exercise. We've got lots of trucks running around, different autonomous start-ups and that's going well. But it's pretty early days. And I think that making a prediction for how quick that market is going to develop is going to depend on how robust the technology becomes, and that's what we're learning about right now. So I think we should be just patient to see how quickly it develops and when it's really ready to scale.
Preston Feight: I think I got the gist of your question is the roadblocks for implementation 2025 on autonomy. And I would say that the technology is incredibly involved. And so if you think about the edge cases that exist, that's what's being sorted out right now. Most of the operation can be done running down the highway. But now it's about the edge cases of those unique boundary conditions. So we're working through those. The other part of it is we're developing a proprietary PACCAR autonomous vehicle poor, which has all the redundancies involved in it, which is -- should be ready in the next couple of years here, and that will be a huge advantage for PACCAR in working with companies like Aurora, like our partner, Aurora because it will let us have this really robust platform to build upon. And then we think probably the things that cause it to be constrained for ‘25 or again technology. There'll be a societal element to it as well and then company adoption. So I think it will start with certain lanes and evolve from there.
Preston Feight: Joel, I absolutely believe that the new products, the autonomy that connected the electrification, those efforts that we have on will drive our margins to very, very high levels. And I think then there is just other opportunities incremental to that. So the future looks very good.
Preston Feight: Well, I think it's a matter of degree. I think our teams are doing mentioned before. It's worth mentioning are doing a fantastic job of hustling as you put it. They are reengineering different chips. They're taking places where maybe 2 chips were required and reengineering them into require only 1 chip. We're working with semiconductor manufacturers themselves in our second, third, fourth tier to come up with good solutions that are robust and high the team has done a fantastic job on that. And I think that's why we're starting to see this improvement because hats off to all their efforts. And I would say that we see, again, a gradual improvement over time as far as the final conclusion. I think it's going to take some time. So gains next year are positive for us. And then again, that might make it for a very strong 2022, and lead to a strong 2023.
Preston Feight: All right. Let's try and take the first one, which is on order size of EVs. We have some orders that are not in the ones anymore. We're starting to see that shift into tens and even hundreds for some of our orders where customers are saying, “Have tried it. I've been around you guys for a little while now. I believe in what you're doing. And I think I can put 10 in operation or more.” So that's kind of the transitional phase that we're in right now, realize it's still limited by the infrastructure requirements that are around out there, some numbers of chargers and putting that together. So it's really still a return to base kind of model adoption, and it probably will be for a few years. So that's a positive thing. We're selling our chargers. PACCAR Parts is doing a good job of that. Our teams are doing a good job working together with customers to make sure they have the balance of truck and infrastructure. So it will just continue to progress over the coming years. From an autonomous standpoint, yes, you're right, that autonomous vehicle platform that you mentioned will have additional componentry on it. It's a very tech solution. And PACCAR be the leader in that area. So that will be helpful to margin. We also expect that services will grow on autonomous vehicles because now our dealers and their involvement will be significant as well, and it should be good for the total business.
Preston Feight: Yes. I would say that when I look at share, it's a really interesting time with build really industry build being constrained by the number of components that are out there. And what I would say is that we feel like we're in a good position right now with the share we have in Europe and North America, Brazil, Australia and I would expect that we'll see growth in chair because of the trucks that we've built and we'll be delivering. So it feels pretty positive looking forward, which would be great for the parts business and the finance company business as we look forward.
Preston Feight: Yes, I'd just add to what Harrie's saying there's probably more factors affecting margin than just typical. So it makes it more complicated, right? We mentioned the new product introductions, the supply issues and the dynamics of that factoring into it and obviously, pricing factoring in. So it's -- but it does look really good with the new trucks. And as we get stability, we feel like the gains will be significant, the incrementals will be significant.
Preston Feight: Sure. The orders continue to grow, and I would suggest that as I mentioned a little bit earlier, they're coming in now, I'd say, initially, it came in, in the 1s. Now they're coming in more like in the 10s and even in the hundreds, we've had some orders for. From a standpoint of where they are geographically, it's mixed. I mean Europe is seeing order intake for the trucks and build for the trucks and delivery to the customer, same in North America. It's medium-duty and heavy-duty split the key probably point to all of it is that it's return to base applications. So whether heavy-duty or medium duty, the adoption is going to be urban areas where people are coming back and can plug into a charger at night, we see the initial start to that. And I think as we've articulated before, expect that orders and build will be in the hundreds in the coming year or 2, and then transition to the thousands pretty quickly in the next 3 years, let's say.
Preston Feight: And then to the second part of your question, where you're thinking about the benefits of the truck, the trucks are amazing as far as how they build. We got to get you guys over to the factories in Belgium and the Netherlands because it's just a beautiful factory and the trucks are performing in terms of their fuel economy and their driver comforts and conveniences and how they work and safety features and their Level 2 autonomous capability. So all of that together is a great benefit to the customers, and that's why it will be impactful to our margins.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that's the real -- part of the real opportunity of this is as these trucks become mature, then they will be very safe, and it will bring an efficiency to freight that's a huge impact to the country and world. And so we're looking forward to being leaders with that effort and are in that position right now. So we'll continue to progress that. I think it's hard to quantify those values, but you can intuitively understand how it could be safer and more efficient and good for the operating environment.
Preston Feight: Ross, let me take a swing at that, and maybe Harrie will add something into it is I'd say that it's not a demand feature. It's a demand is extremely strong right now. Order backlog is very good, and it's really a supply issue still that has us throttling the market. So our market size assumptions are based upon assumptions of what we can get supplied.
Preston Feight: Sure. Very small percentage of our team in North America is unionized and a great relationship with them, and those are actually quite positive ways of working with each other. In Europe, it's a union environment.
Preston Feight: Yes. It's green -- one of the things as we travel around in this dynamic environment and go out and meeting on floor with people, it's a great place to work. And we have some fantastic people, and I couldn't be more proud and humbled to get to work with all of them.
Preston Feight: So on the Parts business, Jamie, I would suggest that our teams are doing a fantastic job applying technology. Again, part of our digital transformation as the team at Parts is really leading it and getting data from trucks, from customers, from the dealers and synthesizing that into value-added services. So just top to our performance there. I think that leads to growth in the business by all of them. And I think that does present margin opportunities for us in the future as we look out. So great job for all of them in that area. And then as far as the split of Europe and North America, your -- second part of your question, I'd say that we'd expect growth in both markets. And you just have to remember that in the fourth quarter, we'll see more build days in Europe than we had in the third quarter, right, just by holiday schedules and shutdowns. So you'll probably see increases at a higher degree in Europe.
Preston Feight: You bet. We did take the market up a little bit there. What we've seen in South America is our dealers are doing a fantastic job down there. We have the new DAF that we introduced last year. Customers are in love with that truck. It's performing at the top of them, so our premium reputation is established in South America and Brazil. We've grown in the Andean region as well. And so South America is a strong point for PACCAR, and we've had the strategy to grow there and it's been successful.
Preston Feight: Well, I don't -- normal is a funny word, but I would say that in a strong market, which is what I would treat this as a very strong market, we're likely to have significant order backlog, a few months of order backlog. We have every bit of that and more. And so we're working with the customers now as we fill in the 2022 market. But obviously, it's going to be, as we said before, constrained by the number of parts we get. So we'll see improvement, and we're trying to make sure we get all the customers, the trucks that they want.
Preston Feight: I think the way I think about that is that there's tons of freight volume out there, and people are running their trucks fully right now. And so because there's a constraint on new trucks industry-wide, it's meaning that the repairs are going up on the trucks are existing. And so that's also being a great opportunity for the Parts market, and that seems likely to continue into next year.
Preston Feight: Sure. Let me take a swing at that for you, and then Harrie, maybe has something to add. I would say that there is a shift going on. We have a lot of great diesel programs coming along. When you think about 2024 emissions, 2027 emissions, our team did a great job of meeting that with clean diesel. So that's continuing as that will likely be the dominant powertrain offering for the next 5 to 10 years, at least. And then I would suggest that beyond that, we have put more money into the electric vehicle programs as we develop our own capabilities there and develop our own software solutions and control algorithms and same with autonomous, with the autonomous vehicle platform and then the investments we're making in connected services and this digital transformation so that we're providing value to customers in those areas. All of those are the shifts that are ongoing right now. As Harrie said, we've just completed the best launch of new trucks we've had in our history. And so that foundation is built, and we're moving to other areas.
Preston Feight: I wouldn't think of them quite as linked like that. I think that initially, autonomy is going to have a great role to play when it becomes commercialized in the long haul are principally to begin with. And that isn't something that lends up well to battery electric vehicles. It might with hydrogen fuel cell, which is 1 of the other technologies we're leading in. So I think that we look at them as developing in parallel, they will merge at some point, but I don't think that they happy linked like that.
Preston Feight: Matt, indeed, we could. We’ve prepared ourselves for it. We have great operations teams, and we would be prepared that step up.
Preston Feight: You bet. I'll try to take both those questions for you. As far as platform, this autonomous vehicle platform we're building, indeed it does have application across markets, across brands. So we are investing in the knowledge centers and software capabilities that develop a vehicle as well as the hardware systems onboard the trucks. So that those integrate well with the autonomous driver with companies like Aurora that are creating the driver itself, integrates well to our platform and then our platform could be used with another autonomous driver as well. So that’s why we are making those big investments. I’d also continue to say that lessons learned are that the drivers are going to around for a long time that this is not something that we will step-in in three years and displace drivers. This was a gradual introduction, it will be certain routes. It will take weather conditions, and those will slowly get sorted out. So I would say that the other key learning is that the support required for an autonomous vehicle is pretty high and having a strong global presence like PACCAR does, help success occur for autonomous vehicle operations because you need a good dealer network. You need to be able to understand what's happening on board the vehicle through connected services and you be able to reach out and get to that truck and work with our customers to make sure that they're operating well and then repair the truck when something happens. So it really is an -- autonomy is a great opportunity for PACCAR in the world.
Preston Feight: Yes. You made great comments. To answer your question, those are all exactly right. I mean the TRP growth is strong. We are seeing continued strong growth, 37% in the e-commerce business. So that's fantastic. The engine business parts are growing as well. And then I really think we need to make sure we emphasize the fact that through the digital transformation that the Parts team has embarked on in knowing how to connect with the customer, with the dealer and then meet those needs. Our Parts team is doing a fantastic job of doing that, and that's what kind of grows the business in the longer term. So really positive things to look forward to.
