Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 51,000 trucks during the first quarter. The supply chain is improving, but there are some periodic supplier shortages affecting production. In the second quarter of 2023, deliveries are forecast to increase to a range of 51,000 to 54,000 trucks. Truck parts and other gross margins increased to 19.3% in the first quarter. We anticipate second quarter gross margins to be strong and in the range of 18% to 19%. PACCAR Parts had an outstanding first quarter, with Parts gross margins expanding to a record 32.2%. PACCAR Parts business model is based on the application of technology to provide our customers excellent access to high-quality parts. PACCAR Parts is expanding the use of technologies such as e-commerce and leveraging data from PACCAR's connected trucks. PACCAR Parts expanding network of 18 parts distribution centers serves more than 2,000 dealer locations and 250 independent ERP stores, which provides best-in-class uptime for our customers. PACCAR Parts is a high-growth and high-margin recurring revenue business. We estimate part sales to grow by 10% to 12% in the second quarter of this year, compared to the same quarter last year. PACCAR Financial Services benefited in the first quarter from a larger portfolio, excellent portfolio quality and good used truck business. Pretax income improved to $149 million. PACCAR Financials’ 13 used truck facilities worldwide contribute to higher price realization, compared to wholesale channels. Used truck prices have moderated, but remain historically strong. With its larger portfolio and superb credit quality, PACCAR Financial is having another very good year. PACCAR has invested over $4 billion in new and expanded facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past five years. These investments have created the newest and most impressive lineup of trucks in the industry, as well as highly efficient factories and distribution centers. PACCAR is continuing its investments in clean diesel, zero emissions, autonomy and connected vehicle programs. Capital expenditures are projected to be $600 million to $650 million and research and development expenses are estimated to be $380 million to $420 million this year. Customer demand is strong for PACCAR's industry-leading trucks and transportation solutions in all markets. We expect 2023 to be an excellent year. Thank you.
Harrie Schippers: I think the Parts growth of 17% exceeded our projections a quarter ago. And Parts margins were better, too, and that contributes to the 19.3% as well, of course.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. I'm not aware of any customers that are not going to get the financing that they need. It's good to have PACCAR Financial, who was able to finance our customers in good times and bad times. PACCAR Financial had a great quarter. We're financing about 25% of the trucks that we sell in some years, that has even grown to 30%. So we're there for any customers that need us.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. Like we said PACCAR Financial is having an excellent year. Used truck gains are a little less than what they were a quarter ago or a year ago. But the portfolio is larger with the growing number of trucks in the portfolio and the higher value per truck in the portfolio. In addition, we see a strong portfolio performance with continued low credit losses, low past dues. So we expect the finance company to continue seeing good quarters as we progress during the year.
Harrie Schippers: And I would say the trucks production and deliveries increasing to 51,000 to 54,000 trucks will grow a little faster than Parts. So we would see a little bit of an unfavorable truck versus parts mix which is why we get to that 18% to 19% excellent margin for the second quarter.
Harrie Schippers: Sure. I think I want to echo what Preston said that we've invested a lot of new systems to make it easier for our dealers and customers to have the right parts on the shelf when trucks come into workshop. It is the proprietary components, the PACCAR engines, the PACCAR transmission, PACCAR axles, all the new proprietary parts on the new trucks, where customers only can get service at a Kenworth, Peterbilt or DAF dealership. So the trucks come into our workshops. And once it's in the workshop, our teams do a great job to make sure the parts are there that those trucks need and that sells the parts. We've invested in more distribution centers, added a new one in Louisville, Kentucky. So we continue to build out that footprint. I think the first quarter was especially strong in Europe, where we saw Parts growing really strong. It's just a combination of all those efforts that come together and having the parts available, strong performance by the team worldwide.
Harrie Schippers: For DAF, the new DAF is currently about 75%, 80% of the production mix, and you could compare that to around 25% where we were a year ago. So that ramp-up has been really successful, well executed by the operations team in Europe.
Harrie Schippers: For heavy trucks, but also for the new medium-duty truck that went into production, what is it, 1.5 years ago and that's completely changed over now. That new medium-duty truck is made for those customers, Class 6, 7, 8 or low Class 8 provides like the heavy trucks, more value for customers and build in a very efficient way.
Harrie Schippers: We didn't say anything on the full year. We said it would be 10% to 12% for the second quarter after 17% in the first quarter. And at that run rate, you would get somewhere between 10% and 13% for the year maybe.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, at the same time, Brazil is transitioning from Euro 5 to Euro 6. And we know DAF has an excellent Euro 6 product in the market out there. So a great opportunity for us to grow our market share a little bit further.
Harrie Schippers: We don't guide for parts margins typically in our calls, but 32%, like you said, was really strong in the first quarter. We continue to grow the Parts business. As the Parts business grows, we leverage the cost structure. So there's a good basis for PACCAR Parts to continue that strong margin performance.
Harrie Schippers: Brazil is a little different story because rates in Brazil are running at what is 14 kind of percent rate, but that's completely different than what we see in North America or Europe. And -- so it gets a little bit more customer and deal retention in Brazil. But like we said, the new trucks come with a lot better fuel economy. So if you're buying a new truck, the fuel savings for many customers offset the higher interest rate expense.
Preston Feight: So as we complete our comments, I'd like to thank our Senior Vice President and Controller, Michael Barkley, who'll be retiring at the beginning of June after a wonderful 32-year career. Michael has participated in 66 earnings calls over the past 16-years. He's a great Controller. He's an excellent business partner, and he's a true friend. Michael, you are appreciated and you'll be missed. Joining us today and for future calls is Brice Poplawski, our new Vice President and Controller. Brice has been with PACCAR for 25-years. Welcome, Brice. So now we're pleased to answer your questions.
Preston Feight: Well, thanks for the question. Good morning. What we saw in the first quarter was we saw very good operating efficiencies and cost increases were less-than-expected. Those are the two contributors to the margin improvement over what we had guided. And then as Harrie shared, 18% to 19% is what we expect in the second quarter. And we think we have a really good year.
Preston Feight: Sure, Tami, glad to. What we've seen is good order intake, continued good order intake and we're substantially full for the year. So third quarter is full, few slots left in the fourth quarter but substantially full.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that we feel good about 2023, as we said. We think we have an excellent year that we're working on right now. We see continued strong demand for the products. I mean, I think we've reintroduced or introduced new products in North America and Europe and in South America in the last couple of years, and those products are providing great value to the customers. That value to the customers is why they would like to have them. So we're helping their operations, which is good. And as Harrie mentioned, the Parts business continues to perform well. We're utilizing technology in new ways to help improve the value to our customers through the Parts business. They're doing a great job in those things. They contribute to good performance for the company.
Preston Feight: Sure. I think that I would point towards, again, the way I just talked about the scenario and the last question is -- the Parts team has done an excellent job of creating value for the customers. So it's not just providing parts. It's about having the right parts in the right locations, our 18 PDCs located throughout the world, make it easier to have parts available to our customers next day and even same day in many cases. They're also using tools like MDI, managed dealer inventory, so that we work closely with the dealers to make sure that they -- that we know what parts they need, and that's really supportive to the business. And I think that the connected vehicle status is also helping us as well. So those things all help the Parts business. We see the powertrain business, the engine business being a good contributor to the Parts growth. And as we look forward into the future and think about the electric vehicle world, that will also be likely accretive to our business and parts. So we feel like there's a great future for us.
Preston Feight: Sure. We've worked really closely with the supplier partners we have over the past couple of years, and I give them a lot of credit for what they've been able to accomplish in a dynamic world environment. But it's not finished yet. We still do see some constraints in supplier deliveries, and we keep working through those, and they kind of act some ways is the throttle on our build right now, but generally improving circumstances, and we look forward to that even improving further throughout the year.
Preston Feight: I think you're right on it. I think that what we've seen is strong demand through all parts of the market. But if there's a trimming in the truckload area, then I would say that’s fully offset by the robust vocational markets that we see.
Preston Feight: Well, in the first quarter, I just mentioned the supply base has not fully improved. So there still are costs and things that we experienced in terms of deliveries. In fact, in the first quarter, there were some trucks that we didn't finish delivering. So we had better absorption in the first quarter than we might see in the second quarter, which contributes a little bit. And I don't know if there's anything you'd add, Harrie to that, but…
Preston Feight: Well, continue to improve might not be huge changes in production output. So we'll have to see what that looks like, Steve. We're always looking to build those trucks, especially with the backlog we have.
Preston Feight: And then your first question, you asked about price cost. I think we have shared that we had good price to cost realization in the first quarter. We expect that in the second quarter, and we have a good order book for the third and fourth quarter. So it should be pretty good.
Preston Feight: Sure. First of all, I think on the new products and thanks for bringing them up because we've shared that we've invested billions of dollars in these new products. We brought them out in the last couple of years here, but they're fully introduced. And they're providing 7% to 10% better fuel economy, that's just one thing. So that's $15,000 to $20,000 of value for the customer over a few year cycle. It really makes it important for them to replace the trucks they bought even four years ago with these excellent new DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks. It's important for them to do that, because they get an operating advantage. Never mind the fact that these are the drivers' favorite trucks to drive, and there's a lot of demand to have them. You see them on the road, they're beautiful. It's what people want to be operating in all the markets, so that's really important as well. I think that the other part of it is they're efficient to build for us. So that's also helpful. So I think that new products are good for us. It's not just limited to the traditional markets of Europe and North America. South America is doing excellent as well. The DAF brand is a leading brand there. We're gaining market share quickly. The dealers are doing really well, and South America is a growing part of our performance, which is contributing to our overall margin growth. As far as what we see, it is substantially full in all markets. So that includes South America, Europe, North America, Australia, Mexico, pretty much everywhere. So the demand for PACCAR is great right now. And as far as 2024, well, 2024, it's the early conversations with people as they're, kind of, figuring out what their capital plans will be and how many trucks they'll buy next year. So it's the early conversations.
Preston Feight: And I would add into that, everything -- I'll echo everything Harrie said, but I'll say our dealer has done a really good job of making investments into their workshops, making it more convenient for trucks to come back to them. So that's good for our customers and good for the Parts business. And I also wouldn't lose the idea that truck age is still pretty high. And there's been an undersupply for three years and those older trucks are consuming parts still. So even as freight tonnage may have trimmed a little bit, I'd still say there's a lot of consumption of parts on the trucks out there.
Preston Feight: No, I kind of think your words are really good there, Tim. I think it's around the edges right now that, that would be dealt with. I think it's fairly just generally improving and we feel pretty good about the way it's working through. There's just moments. And our teams and suppliers are doing a really good job of solving those moments. And so it feels like we'll just continue to see that trend upward.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that I would give a lot of credit. We built 51,000 trucks in a quarter. That's a lot of output. So the supply base is doing a good job. That's a high number if you wanted to go back to pre-COVID. And our 51,000 to 54,000 in the second quarter is also a high number. So I would say that great suppliers, good partnerships there and they are doing generally a good job. And there's just always opportunities to keep improving. And we do that together with them.
Preston Feight: We think the $600 million to $650 million is the right number. We've got some really fun and exciting projects that we're working on, that are coming along nicely right now, it's the third phase of our battery electric vehicles, it's engine platforms that we're developing is new truck platforms that we're working on. Just a lot of really interesting things, and as long as we can make good progress on them, we'll spend the money and commit to that.
Preston Feight: Sure. I mean we've had great success so far in South America in the first quarter. What we see is there's pretty high interest rates down there. And I think there's questions about -- from the customers about what might happen with those interest rates. So there's maybe for some parts of the market, a pause in that space. But really, we still have a great backlog there and expect things to keep going. Our build rates have increased there, and we expect them to stay high. And those are the kind of primary things that are happening. So our tweak down is really about that interest rate pause that we've seen in the market a little bit.
Preston Feight: I wouldn't try to differentiate too much between the regions. I think we're going to see good performance in all of the regions for PACCAR.
Preston Feight: Our focus is on making sure our customers have the best trucks in the world and we're doing that, and that has a value to them. And so that's kind of where we see ourselves positioned in the market, and that's what we would expect to continue as we look forward.
Preston Feight: I would say that 2018, 2019 were very good years as well. So you put them in kind of comparable markets. And then I would say a lot of that value is really because of the investments we made in the products and the trucks. But as we've said earlier in the discussion, it also adds to the outstanding performance of the Parts team and what they're doing. And so it's trucks, the value they create, it's parts, the way they support the customer, and I would add the third leg of stool has really becoming technology and how we're employing technology, which is helping us a lot to provide reasons for people who want to buy the PACCAR premium products.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. It's the use of telematics, which is also a great opportunity for us, and we announced that we have a partnership, an enhanced partnership with Platform Science, which is a great partner for us in terms of how we can connect the vehicle, bring useful apps to the customers, and that's accretive to their business growth. So we like to be participating in that. I think the other part of it is with the dealer systems. And we mentioned managed dealer inventory a lot over the years, but now it's like in a complete seamless operation with the dealers of them getting the parts based upon the needs as defined by PACCAR Parts. So that's a great way to see the business growth, and we continue to see that expanding over the years.
Preston Feight: I tell you, we don't think of that. We think of value creation for the customer. And I think that the Parts business is doing that. That's why it's picking up share and it's picking up overall share of the Parts business. And I think that the trend is that the world is becoming a little bit more vertical for us with our powertrains but also with technology and those things, both will contribute to further parts growth over the coming years. So I think that the value opportunity for the Parts team continues to be there for us.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that the amount of spending being done into the economy, whether it's reshoring or infrastructure is really great for PACCAR. We're the vocational market leaders. And so as money is spent in the economy, that will be good for us in the long term as well.
Preston Feight: Let me add for one thing and then see if Harrie has any other thoughts. I'd say that structurally -- in North America, interest rates are still at a reasonable level. So from a historical standpoint, they're very much in the middle of the world right -- or middle of the road of what history has had -- so we're not very worried about interest rates here. And I don't know if Harrie, you'd add anything else.
Preston Feight: Sure. I think from a connected vehicle standpoint, we do see revenue, I'd call it indirect revenue and profits that we get. We've been talking a lot about the Parts business. We can talk about the vehicles being connected and what it does for the customers, but it's an indirect play in. So it shows up in parts and it shows up in truck. It even shows up in financial services in terms of how we're able to help customers manage their business. From the autonomy standpoint, Jeff, I'd say that Aurora is a really good partner and we're pleased with the progress they're making with their autonomous driver, and we're pleased with the progress we're making on having an autonomous vehicle platform that operates with that. And together, we're just trying to make sure that we focus on safety being the primary tenet of this. And we'll be on the road with those with drivers now. And I think that we'll just have to wait and see when it will be time for us to go into a revenue-producing autonomy model that doesn't have a driver and that could be a while.
