Mark C. Pigott: Okay. We're talking about 1% to 2% more production in Q4. And as I indicated, we have our normal couple-week summer shutdown in Europe, as most companies do. And we're past the summer, so we're just back to business as usual. And margins for the fourth quarter, I think, will be comparable to the third quarter.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it reflects incoming order rate at the higher market share that we've been able to achieve, which we're pleased about.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, that's interesting you talked about seasonality. It's probably been dampened down a little bit since the recession because an important consideration will be the vocational market, particularly -- well, let's call it residential and commercial construction. You had some of that, I think not offset, but by the let's call it natural gas, oil. And I wouldn't call that seasonal, but that's offset it somewhat. Now as you've seen in the papers, there's some improvement and housing starts across the U.S., in particular, which is good. Still at relatively low levels, but certainly, it looks like it's off the bottom. So we're seeing a little bit more interest from some of the major construction groups in getting some new vehicles.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. I think looking at the industry, probably in the 5% to 10% range of our total industry outlook.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think that's a -- it's a good question, sort of a relative question. I'm not sure that there's overproduction, obviously, as we've talked the last few years, and you've been asking good questions. There's a lot of older vehicles out there. I think as I see many of our customers, there's -- customers are doing well, and they're very happy with our products, and that's contributed to our growth in market share. And when I talk to them, there's a lot of interest in purchasing new vehicles. They've been, I think, more of a replacement cycle at this time. But as we have some general, slowly improving economic outlook, whether it's housing or consumer spending, I think we may see a little bit of, first, replacement of older fleets and then possibly some expansion of those fleets. The companies that are operating today, that have been around for the last decade, are very well managed. They know how to analyze the market, they've got good customer relationships, and frankly, they would like to get some of the new products that certainly we've introduced over the last 12 months.
Mark C. Pigott: No, we really match -- I'm not sure what our competitors do, but we really match and align our production levels with incoming orders and having a reasonable backlog of demand. So I think our production really reflects what the market is doing at least for our customers is all I can really say.
Mark C. Pigott: We certainly take into all the relevant laws out there and what will be the most beneficial for our shareholders, absolutely.
Mark C. Pigott: I think on the macro side, it would very much reflect what's going on in total GDP for each of those regions, whether it's U.S., Canada, Mexico or overall in Europe. You see the headlines as well as we do, particularly in Europe, what's the next steps towards the resolution of some of the challenges throughout the eurozone. I'm not sure as the final chapter is being written, and I don't even know what's going to be in that final chapter. So that will have -- that will certainly have an impact on consumer confidence, how our customers are doing, freight demand. We follow the MAUT kilometers driven through Germany, and they're better than the last few years but certainly not at the levels of '07 and '08. That's one of the macro criteria that we track. And the good news is, I know our inventories are in very good shape, our dealers are doing well, our customers are doing well, but certainly, the macro will have a lot of impact on our business. So if people feel good, whether it's after the election, or we get the fiscal cliff behind us in one some way, shape, people feeling good, probably going to buy more and build more, and hopefully, that will drive demand for trucks.
Mark C. Pigott: I am -- my job is focused on building the best trucks in the world for the greatest customers and provide those services. I want to take that off-line sometime.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, talking with particularly our customers, and we saw quite a few of them at the Hannover show in the last month or so, there's a price increase of EUR 14,000, EUR 15,000, so that's real. And if you're a person operating trucks in your business, that's something you got to be thinking about. And I think that's going to be a very important consideration for a number of our customers if they want to have a prebuy. And as I think I mentioned to Andy, we're looking at maybe 5% to 10%. It's not a large prebuy if it happens. And I think your assessment is correct. There typically hasn't been too much of a prebuy. Each country takes a look at their infrastructure sort of separately and determines if they want to make any incentives for the customers to purchase greener vehicles. We'll just have to see how that shakes out.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. Well, looking at Latin America, we'll be excluding Mercosur because we're just building our factory. The Colombia market is a very strong for us as they have transferred a lot of oil. But they're building a pipeline now, so they're just coming out with some new regulations in the country of Colombia to begin, I think, some infrastructure investment, which will be good. I think overall for the non-Mercosur, it will be maybe a little bit lower than it has been. What we're looking to do is offset that with growth. We're appointing new dealers. Our current dealers are investing in their territories. We've introduced the DAF product line in a number of countries in Latin America. So I think overall, it might be a little bit of a slower market, but we're looking to see what we can do working with our dealers who continue to deliver and get a higher share in that region. In Australia, it's been good for us. They've had a strong market and had a little bit of a slowdown but now seems to have rebounded a little bit. Australia seems -- the economy seems to be in good shape, so I think steady as she goes.
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, I'd say probably -- without putting a number on it, 10% to 15% more locations would be in the ballpark.
Mark C. Pigott: You bet. As I mentioned, a milestone year this year. Great, great new products. Obviously, one of the major CapEx users next year will be building a beautiful factory in Brazil, that's ongoing; and then we have our normal cycle of new trucks being developed; and then parts warehouses, there's always lots of initiatives to keep our factories the most efficient in the industry -- R&D centers. So that's kind of the high level, but I think primarily focused on factory in Brazil, new products, engine development, pretty normal.
Mark C. Pigott: We -- well, we picked up a little bit, but our dealers are in great shape. They're at very low inventory, and they're very excited about these new products that Kenworth and Peterbilt introduced in the Mid-America Show in March, and those are really coming into production now. So I think it's pretty steady with the third quarter, with a little bit of improvement for Peterbilt and Kenworth.
Mark C. Pigott: I don't -- I'm not sure who you're talking about and -- I know what we're doing. That's all I can really say.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, yes. The truck sales were $2.8 billion in the third quarter, and aftermarket parts was $650 million.
Mark C. Pigott: No, it's a great question, and we're investing now, as you know. It's a $300 million investment, and I was just there a few weeks ago, and it's really shaping up, but it'll take a year to actually build the factory after we've had all the preconstruction work. So we're looking to get a few trucks out next year. And in 2014, we begin to ramp up. Of course, we're appointing dealers, and we've got some great dealers joining our team. We're looking forward to having them with us, and they're looking forward to selling DAF trucks. So 2014, we begin the ramp-up of production. I think it really has a tangible benefit in 2015, would be the pretty normal way when we're building and bringing a factory online.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. I mean, 2015, our goal for the medium term is to get up to 20% share. But right now, we're starting at 0, so it's going to take some time to get there. And in 2015, why don't we say $200 million to $400 million.
Mark C. Pigott: I think they will certainly contribute to some of the demand in the marketplace, whether it's a bubble, some of those companies that purchased in 2006 may not be around anymore. Depending on what total GDP growth is, that will have an impact on how much freight is being transferred. I think it makes a contribution, whether it's a bubble or not. Well, that's hard to tell. There's a lot of great customers with products they would love to -- they'd love to trade in right now. And having just talked with many of them in the last week or 2, they're saying first half of 2013, they're going to be really taking a serious look at starting to update and upgrade their vehicles.
Mark C. Pigott: I'm not sure. That's obviously, a great philosophical question, but we're focused on [indiscernible] It's a milestone year and best products we've ever had. We're excited about them, and dealers are in the strongest position they've been for years and years. So we're going to keep focused on what we do.
Mark C. Pigott: I'd say it could be for the whole year, obviously, we'll be looking to improve that through the year as we begin. And we're ramping up production now. For the whole year, I think 20% to 30%.
Mark C. Pigott: We -- it's a highest-quality product, the most automotive, and certainly, there have been some lower costs associated with the design. So...
Mark C. Pigott: It's -- I mean, it's the highest-quality, most-automotive product, absolutely. But it's also aligned with Euro 6. And as I indicated, there are some significant cost increases that the industry will face with Euro 6, so it's not quite the same. But a fabulous new vehicle, absolutely.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think it will continue to improve. I'm not going to put an exact number on it. But as I indicated in my prepared comments, to have the 13-liter now be essentially 50% of the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market is a significant number. And I think that may continue to grow the 13-liter. So as we tie this, our MX engine, in with the new Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks, it's a very exciting, fuel-efficient combination for our customers. So we're looking for steady growth.
Mark C. Pigott: I think, certainly, early next year is going to be all out of Mississippi. I mean, you get parts sourced from different sections of the world, but you need to think of it essentially as a Mississippi engine.
Mark C. Pigott: I think margins for the fourth quarter will be comparable to the third quarter. And I think that's kind of reading between the lines of your question. And I think our industry is pretty straightforward. When there's a strong market and good demand, margins tend to move up. When demand slows down, whether it's macro or micro, margins tend to move down.
Mark C. Pigott: I think pricing is pretty flat in terms of -- in Europe. We're -- we've been very good. The DAF team has done a fantastic job of not only developing great products and services, but growing share. And DAF is either #1 or #2 in every market, I think except for Germany, where we're #3. And there's a lot of variables in Europe, and obviously, some of them affected the truck market in terms of what the customers are willing to pay for the product. And I think it's been relatively flat.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, the number in our cash flow statement is a year-to-date number. And so I think if you look at that for the quarter, there actually was a reduction in the amount, and we've seen dealer inventories in North America declined, dealer inventories in Europe were steady, and they are in great shape -- I mean, very well balanced with the market demand.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think in terms of the prebuy, you're absolutely correct. That will be third, fourth quarter of next year. And what -- on the positive side, we still may achieve that range if the general economy has some improvement. Of course, reading in the press nowadays in Europe, you've got sort of limited growth for many countries. But we're also looking at gaining some share. If the macroeconomic environment in Europe does not improve, then it may have an impact on the total truck industry even if there is a prebuy. So there's a couple moving parts that have to be taken into account, depending on what's going to happen in the total market. Obviously, on a quarterly basis, we're going to be revising and updating our total industry forecast.
Mark C. Pigott: I think margins for 2013 will -- our initial look is probably flattish. One of PACCAR's strengths is excellent cost control and controlling our expenses. So we -- we're very diligent about that every single day, and we look to have a very low SG&A ratio. So I think we'll continue to focus on that every day, selling a lot more of our --- these wonderful new products we introduced this year.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it's very much -- is going to be reflective of what's going on with the marketplace. We're going to be producing more units, reflecting a stronger market. SG&A will probably go up a little bit.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I have to get you on my strategic staff here, Alex. The vast majority of the world in the truck world, 13-liter is the engine of choice. When you look at Europe, Africa, Asia, South America, it provides a good combination -- excellent combination of horsepower, torque, weight, cost, all the things you're looking for when you're operating a truck business. The -- so I think North America, U.S., Canada and Mexico are just really moving towards a reflection of what's happening in the rest of the world. And I would expect that will continue. Now there are some applications where a larger engine, a 15-liter, may have some advantages. You're talking about a lot of weight you're hauling, a very arduous operating environment. There are certainly benefits for having that larger-size engine. But for the vast majority of truck operators, 13-liter is what's driving the industry. If you're carrying -- if you have a 80,000-pound total payload in North America or 80,000-pound in Europe or Asia, it's still 80,000 pounds. And everybody has got mountains and long areas, so 13-liter is probably going to continue to grow. You've got a good combination of torque and horsepower, and it's a great engine. 5, 10 years ago, we knew it was going to transition. I think it's probably moved a little faster than the industry anticipated.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think 2 areas. One is in line with the rest of the industry. We have some engine inventory anticipating the EPA 13 transition, so it's very normal. This happens every couple years as we go to a new EPA emission level. So that's a portion of it. And the other portion is some trucks, bodybuilders getting ready for delivery, that will be gone by the end of the year. That's pretty straightforward.
Mark C. Pigott: No, I think you're correct. It's part of the ongoing program of producing a greener and greener engine. But this one wasn't -- it's not as significant as, say, EPA 10.
Mark C. Pigott: No, it's on schedule. And I think we had a good discussion a few minutes ago that in terms of having a real impact, it would be really 2015 because we'll be ramping up in 2014. But no, it's going well, and it's going to be another world-class facility. We look forward to having many of you there touring around and see what we're doing.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we've had -- looking at U.S., Canada, Mexico, in Mexico, which -- we've seen a little bit more of a slowdown, but U.S. and Canada is a little bit up. So overall, it's flat. And Europe is up primarily because we don't have the couple-of-weeks shutdown during our normal summer vacation schedule.
Mark C. Pigott: The carriers are excellent. We love our customers. You know that. Having been in the industry for 35 years, what I've been able to observe, and I know that you've been tracking the industry for quite a while, so you probably know the same thing, is that if you talk with those same excellent customers in August -- I'm talking about U.S. and Canada now, freight was going up, good rates. Fuel was up but they pass that through. And there was strong discussion about, boy, 2013 really going to be great. We're going to buy a lot of trucks. Now fast forward 6 weeks and dealers are saying, "Well, fuel has gone up a little bit more, not sure what's going to happen." And of course, everybody is spending a lot of time looking at the election and what's going on in their state, what's going on nationally. It is choppy, I think, to use your words. But fast forward another 6 weeks, and you can be getting a story saying, "Things are now looking a little better. I think 2013 is going to be good." So what that says is when things are going well, a lot of people will think that it's always going to go well. When things are not going as well, a lot of you will think it's never going to get better. What I found is that what makes this industry so much fun is that there is a cyclicality to it. Sometimes, that's measured in decades, years or months. I think with the customers doing well, and you've seen many of them have reported in the last week or 2, some of them have increased their profits, some have lowered their profits, but most have made a profit, which is the most important thing. Dealers doing very, very well, strong absorption; parts and service business good; finance, good, and lay the overarching opportunity of having a very old truck fleet, whether it's 6, 7 or 8 years, and you can get any of those numbers depending on who you're talking to, I think with some growth, housing market, general GDP, consumers feeling a little bit better, I think it could be a reasonable year next year. It's the way I look at it.
Mark C. Pigott: Election -- it's always -- it's obviously -- every election is important for us, but at the end of the day, we've seen strong markets with all sorts of different types of leadership in Washington, D.C. When you talk with a truck, and it doesn't talk much, but if it's 8 years old, it knows it wants to get replaced. That's what we're focused on.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think as we've said, really for North America, we see Q4, Q3 pretty comparable, pretty steady. And as we look at net orders on a quarterly basis through the year, there certainly for the industry has seen a slowdown. And third quarter, the industry adjusted their builds down from the second quarter. But you also have to lay in, as you know, we've been able to pick up a couple points of share because of the great dealers and great products we have. So if things get good again, the industry could certainly deliver. If things continue as they are, I think everybody has pretty much adjusted their production to reflect this build rate. So the guidance we gave for third quarter, we're another quarter smarter now. I think right now, we're looking at, as I said, perhaps 1% to 2% increased truck deliveries, production for us in the fourth quarter. And next year, I think could be slightly better both in North America and in Europe
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. There's been several very well-attended and I think excellent speakers at a number of natural gas conferences over the last few months, and we've been involved with a number of them. This is a great industry because, in many ways, we're really a leader and on particularly a lot of the environmental aspects. If you go back a number of years and start with hybrids. And I think on the car side, probably the Toyota Prius gets most of the credit for pioneering that, and I think they're still the largest seller of hybrid cars I think worldwide. There are a lot of discussion about how fast would hybrids take over, and you could read lots of different press and they throw a lot of numbers out. At the end of the day, it's still only 1% to 2% at that. And there's a lot of reasons why it's not higher, but that's what it is. It's an interesting statistic, and I think it's accurate, but you can never tell that. Less than 25% of all hybrid owners buy another one. Okay, what does that mean? I think if you look at, say, Apple computers, probably something over 90% buy another Apple computer. So the whole press got excited about it, and it's still good, and we still sell hybrid. And a number of our customers have great benefit from it, then it goes into the electric introduction. And whether it's our government or other groups saying you're going to pour billions of dollars into electric cars -- and there are certainly some real benefits to it. But the early projections of strong growth, it have not materialized, and there've been obviously a lot of -- more challenges. A number of companies have gone out of business, and the demand has not been there. Natural gas, 5 years ago, there was not a lot of discussion about it. And now I think, particularly for the United States, there's a great discussion about being energy-independent, which is wonderful, but you didn't see too many articles about the U.S. being energy-independent 5 or 10 years ago. But now we're talking about it, which is great. Natural gas, I'm very proud that particularly the Kenworth and Peterbilt teams are the market leaders. 40% of all natural gas heavy trucks are Kenworth or Peterbilt. We're a real leader in things like the waste haulage industry, but other industries. Certainly, lots of press, lots of investment, lots of states have benefited from it. What is the long-term benefit or what's the long-term growth in natural gas? I think like these other 2, the hybrid, the electric, there's numbers of 5%, 10%, 15%, 20% of the market will have it at some time period. We're not seeing it now. Maybe we'll see it in the future. Irregardless of what the market share is, I would expect that PACCAR will be one of the leaders in that marketplace.
Mark C. Pigott: I don't think so. I think we've seen pretty readily available credit for our customers that want to buy trucks really in all of our markets at this point. So credit availability has not been an issue.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think our dealers, our customers are in very good shape. If you're building a product and indicating it'll do X, Y and Z. And then for whatever reason, it doesn't do X, Y and Z, it causes challenges within your system, and that's maybe what you're hearing from competitors.
Mark C. Pigott: I think -- the pricing environment for our industry is probably more robust in the first 6 months of this year. And that has probably moderated in the last 6 months.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, our orders are pretty steady. For DAF trucks, they're steady. We're seeing some growth in Russia. It's a market that's really starting to gather some traction. And of course, we sell also in the Middle East; we're growing in Africa; and the joint venture in -- joint venture assembly agreement in Morocco. And throughout Western Europe, it's obviously down from a couple years ago but steady. And then Central Europe, we see that as some areas that are growing. So overall, pretty steady for DAF.
Mark C. Pigott: We have been approved by the EPA for some of our vocational vehicles, and so that's good. That was done earlier this month. So yes, like everyone else, we're working on it and I think are in very good shape.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think there'll be a slight uptick probably as we progress through the rest of the quarter. A lot of customers will be entering financing vehicles to take advantage of the tax benefits at the end of the year.
Mark C. Pigott: I think Germany actually had an announcement during the Hannover show which they were having lower incentive levels, so that's all we can -- and you're probably at the show, so that's all we can really comment on that. In terms of what our competitors are seeing, I don't really know. I mean we can track what their market share is, and you can derive an answer from that. In terms of the Middle East, yes, it might be slowing down. But the good news for us is that we are a relatively small player, so we see some incremental growth opportunity, which is good for DAF.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Good question. I didn't know there was anybody available to purchase in Brazil. They typically are a division of a larger corporate entity. So I don't think any of those were actually for sale. Second, we've got -- or we're considered the best product in the world, we're bringing the DAF product in there, and you've seen the wonderful success that DAF, through it's products and its dealers and its customers, have enjoyed over the last 15-plus years, and we're looking to certainly build on that. And we've got a great group of world-class suppliers in Brazil that are enthusiastic about us beginning to manufacture in-country. And we're also really able to take advantage of a new group of dealers who have experience in-country that are excited about being able to sell the DAF products. So it seems to be a very logical choice as to grow organically in Brazil, in all of South America.
Mark C. Pigott: I think we'll see probably the first half might be comparable to fourth quarter, and we're looking for some improvement in the second half.
