Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning. I am pleased to share that 2014 was an excellent year for PACCAR with many records expanded product and service offerings and investments that provide the foundation for future growth. PACCAR achieved record revenues of $18.9 billion in 2014. Net income was $1.36 billion and increase of 16% versus a year ago and the Company’s second best annual profit in history. 2014 was PACCAR’s 76th consecutive year of earning a net income. These excellent results reflect the strongest North America heavy truck market retail sales since 2006. In addition, PACCAR parts and PACCAR Financial Services earned record pretax income. PACCAR celebrated several important milestones last year including Peterbilt's 75th anniversary. The delivery of Kenworth's one millions truck and the production of the one million DAF's cab in our Westerlo, Belgium factory. More good news this week Kenworth’s new vocational truck the T880 truck, equipped with the PACCAR MX-13 engine, earned "2015 Truck of the Year" from the American Truck Dealers. I am very proud of our 23,300 employees who deliver industry leading products and services to our customers everyday. PACCAR’s fourth quarter sales and financial services revenues were quarterly record $5.1 billion and quarterly net income was $394 million. Net income increased 18% compared to the results generated in the fourth quarter last year. The positive contribution of all company segment enables PACCAR to obtain the highest operating margins in our industry and to deliver excellent shareholder returns. PACCAR declared cash dividends of $1.86 per share last year, a 9% increase compared to 2013. PACCAR’s total return to shareholders was 18.3% last year. Stockholders equity at year end was a record $6.75 billion. And during 2014, PACCAR repurchase 731,000 shares of stock for $42.7 million. PACCAR delivered 40,100 trucks during the fourth quarter, a 7% increase versus the third quarter. Vehicle deliveries in the first quarter this year will be 15% to 18% higher than the first quarter last year reflecting increased production in the U.S. and Canada. Truck and other margins are forecast to be 1% to 1.5% better than last years first quarter. Peterbilt and Kenworth achieved excellent market share of 27.9% in the U.S. and Canadian heady-duty truck market in 2014. Retail sales totaled 250,000 units for the year. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to increase to a range of 250,000 to 280,000 units this year driven by ongoing replacement demand and further fleet expansion which reflects continued economic growth. If recent order trends continue retail sales would be towards the higher end of the range. DAF achieved a share of 13.8% in the European above 16-tonne truck market, which totaled 227,000 units last year. Looking at this year, we anticipate the European above 16-tonne truck market will be in a range of 200,000 to 240,000 vehicles. It is encouraging that the growth rate of the UK economy which is DAF’s largest market is expected to grow by more than 2% this year. Lower diesel prices, low interest rates and other economic stimulus measures could improve European truck market conditions during the year. PACCAR parts generated strong quarterly revenues of $789 million and 8% increase compared to the same quarter of the prior year. PACCAR parts quarterly pretax income was $130 million, an increase of 24% compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. The excellent results were driven by strong freight tonnage, high fleet utilization and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR parts. For the full-year PACCAR parts achieved record revenues of $3.1 billion and record pretax income of $497 million. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $302 million in the fourth quarter slightly higher than a year ago. PACCAR Financial Services fourth quarter pretax income was $96 million compared to $90 million earned last year. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $302 million in the fourth quarter slightly higher than a year ago. PACCAR Financial Services fourth quarter pretax incomes $96 compared to $90 million earned last year. The excellent results benefited from growth and asset balances and continuing strong portfolio performance. For the full-year PACCAR Financial Services earned record pretax income of $370 million. PACCAR’s capital spending of $300 million to $350 million this year will expand Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF product offerings enhance the PACCAR engine range and increase the operating efficiency and capacity of our factories and distribution centers. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in a range of $220 million to $260 million. As the company begins its 110th year we are in an excellent to growth with industry leading products and services. Thank you. I’ll be pleased to answer your questions.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think for the full-year or current thought is that margins would be up a bit over the 2014 level target 50 basis points.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, again we have a long-term agreements with almost all of our suppliers which manage the ups and downs of material cost movement so I suspect you know we will get some benefit but it will be muted because of the long-term arrangement.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Peterbilt and Kenworth’s order intake in the fourth quarter was excellent, very consistent with industry order levels and as I said if the order trends continue we will see retail sales at the higher end of our range, but I don’t think they will continue at the 123,000 order level which was the fourth quarter level, but they just cant continue that pace.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I guess our assessment of the impact of the lower oil prices is a positive for the U.S. economy and that will create additional consumer spending and consumer demand which I think will benefit freight volumes and be a positive for the industry.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well I don’t know exactly how you get the 2%, but obviously we're participating in a competitive marketplace and we have great products, the performance of the new Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF products around the world has been excellent and we expect to be able to earn a very fair price and I just think pricing will continue to see levels that have been consistent with what we’ve seen in 2014.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes I think something in that range in terms of parts deliveries will be something in that range for sure.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, used truck inventory levels are pretty normal I think just the volume of activity is probably dampening a little bit, but not anything of major consequence at all.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Just continue to invest obviously throughout all phases of the business cycle, continue to expand the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF model offering as well as continue to invest in, our engine platforms will be launching the MX-11 in North America in the beginning of 2016 and preparing for the transition to greenhouse gas machines requirements in 2017, so that’s the bulk of where our spending is.
Ronald E. Armstrong: The order rates continue I think there will be some potential for us to further increase our build rates as we go through the year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, I think about 10% or less of our volume is related to oil and gas. The oil and gas industry and that includes a lot of elements of that industry. So I think it, for sure, if oil prices stay at the levels exploration and production will be at lower activity levels and truck that are participate in that portion of the oil and gas segment. We’ll have fewer orders, but that’s a very small portion of what we do.
Ronald E. Armstrong: With respect to Europe pricing is stable and trucks are Euro 6 truck are performing excellently in the market lot of very positive feedback from the customers on the excellent reliability of the DAF product as well as the full efficiency. And they’ve been DAF just recently introduced some additional announcements with Predictive Cruise Control and Predictive shifting that further enhanced fuel efficiency. So I think that will be a positive aspect of demand for DAF trucks in 2015. With respect to the peak we don’t have the ability to forecast that obviously the market has been improving over the last 15, 18 months and as long as the economy continues to grow. The freight demand is there - there will be demand for the excellent Kenworth and Peterbilt products and you know they continue to expand there model offerings to further enhance transition to the new cabs. So you know that the we can just continue to pure play is the market as the economy progresses.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I can’t comment on what the other OEM orders and take is all I can’t says Peterbilt and Kenworth orders we’re very strong and consistent with overall industry trends and so in great position to continue to take advantage of the strong freight in the demand for our great products.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Suppliers continue to perform excellently and because that the ramp is really occurred over 15 month to 18 month they have been able to adjust and adopt their capabilities to fit our needs and so we see that continuing for the foreseeable future.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I would say that the order volume that we’ve experience over the last several quarters has been broadly based and includes demand not just from large fleets but also from the vocational segment as well as some of the smaller size fleets in the market so it’s more or less a broad based order book that we have.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think the pricing is reasonable given the market conditions, I don’t see major movements, I think the length of the backlog is clearly a factor in how price reacts in the market and I would say backlogs were in good share at this point. We don’t see any major adjustment in those levels as we go forward.
Ronald E. Armstrong: The orders are pretty consistent as we look at the quarters over 2014, orders are pretty stable and I think as we talked about with the lower fuel prices historically low interest rates, some of the stimulus measures that could have a benefit for orders as we progress through the year obviously the situation in Russia has impacted demand for that market, but its trending positively and we will see how the year progresses, but I think there are some positive things that could impact it.
Ronald E. Armstrong: As we just have a long-term view of periodically buying back shares and we will continue to take that perspective and buy shares as we feel its appropriate in the marketplaces we’ve progress into 2015.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think that’s a good observation Ross there are lots of trucks that were put in the market in the 2006, 2007, 2008 timeframe and while it’s difficult to find somebody who has an independent measure of that I think the age of the fleet is extending in Europe and so with some good healthy demand, positive demand that could trigger a healthier replacement activity.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think again as I mentioned Russia the impact there that’s - we’ll see how that develops during the course of the year. UK for us which is our largest market impacted by the pre-buy in 2014, but with the good economy we are off to a good start in the UK with our DAF business and Northern Europe as you mentioned or somebody else mentioned the freight activity is up year-over-year as we look at the activity through Germany and it’s up 2% to 3% for the year last year and continue to show increases in the fourth quarter. So there is a lot of good elements that are present and I think if things can develop to take some of the uncertainty away about how the future might react I think the European potential for upturn is there.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, we included an update in the press release on our valuation of the European commission and I don’t just don’t have anything else to add at this point.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Australia is great, market for Kenworth and DAF. We have about a 25% share that market continue to be the market leader. So we are optimistic about our opportunities in that area. The Europe, Australian economies have been impacted obviously by the mining activity and some downturn there. But we think again this in long-term, we are in great shape in Australia. Mexico again we are market leader there, with over 40% share of that heavy-duty market. And we’ll continue to see I think as the year progresses, Mexican economies closely tied with the US economy and so. We expect to see them benefit for some of the activity that’s going on in the US, so upside there. And so we talked about Europe, and Brazil is, so early days for us and we continue our study progress and dealers continue to finish their facilities and begin operations out of their permanent facility. So that the progression of our efforts in South America continue as well.
Ronald E. Armstrong: It was right. We built exactly what we had planned to build when we talked in the last call, we talked about 5% to 7% increase in production. And we were increased at 7% in terms of trucks produced. There was some offset with the effective foreign currency movement in the quarter. But that’s we’re right inline and as I mentioned we will see strong production increase in the first quarter of this compared to the first quarter of last year, in the tune of 15% to 18%.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Clearly, when we operate in lot of countries around the world in the translation of those foreign currencies into U.S. dollar, impacts revenue and profit numbers but we do have an offset we purchase a fair amount of components from European suppliers that we are using our U.S. products. So there is a bit of natural hedge there.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So the effect - the market share DAF was at 15% in the second half of the year, the year was really effected by as you mentioned the pre-buy and the transition rules that excited in our two largest markets which is the Netherlands and the UK. So that impacted off share we expect this year that we are going to return back to our 2013 share levels and so in the UK economy as I mentioned is one of the stronger economies in the region. So again we are off to good start there and expect to have a good year in the UK.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we built trucks on the continent that get sold into the UK we built truck in the UK that go to the continent and again we have a pretty natural offsetting effect of those trucks in the movements back in forth.
Ronald E. Armstrong: When we talk about 10% we're principally talking about trucks that are sold into production activities, those would be water trucks, sand trucks, those types of applications. For sure, you know the level of new permitting is off and so we would expect some impact in the second half of the year, but don’t see any significant impact on our backlog at this point. Again, on balance we feel that lower oil prices overall are good for PACCAR, what drives freight in the U.S. economy is a large function of consumer demand and so on balance we think it’s a very positive things for the company.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Jerry obviously the margin really reflects the stronger anticipated market in North America, we are going to be operating for sure for the first part of the year and probably throughout the year at a higher production level than we were at in the first half of 2014. So the benefits of that higher production volume is what's playing through to the margin improvement.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don’t have that number Jerry, its not a great number, but its there is - it’s a sizable enough number that there is a natural hedge that we have.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don’t think I understand your point Jerry where the North American market last year was 250,000, Peterbilt and Kenworth had 28% share that market we are looking next year at 250 to 280 if the demand level continues maybe towards the higher end of that and Peterbilt and Kenworth have great products and I think the opportunity continue to have strong share position in the market. So we are going to have - if that market is there we’ll deliver more trucks in 2015 then we did last year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I’m not sure where all of your numbers, but again we’re going to be able to participate in the market growth and again because of our product positioning we have opportunity to have a very strong share that U.S. Canadian market.
Ronald E. Armstrong: It’s been excellent, the XF product we launched that in 2013 and so it’s been in the market now for over 18 months. The LF and the vocational CF product was launched late 2013, early 2014 and again very well received in the market, DAF introduced some enhancement at the Hanover truck show and has launched those enhancements now into the market in the beginning of 2015 with predictive cruise, and low deck tractors, the CF with the silent package. So lots of good feedback from dealers and customers on the fuel efficiency, the reliability of the products, so DAF is very well positioned with its product as it moves.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No I think that’s a mix shift of the method of financing of vehicles, both a bit in Europe and a bit in North America. So it’s really just the way that the customers have opted to finance their product.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it’s a combination of both in country mix and the reception that the Euro 6 product has received in the marketplace we will support DAF’s targets for 2015.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Again, I think the 2014 share numbers were really impacted by the level of Euro 5 the sales in the 2014 year and which countries you know your particular was in. So 2014 is probably not representative of sort of the long-term trends.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I would say the vast majority of our backlog is that’s going to be built in 2015 if that’s your question I’m not certain we are following it.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well I think that cycles in our business over the last decade have been both economic, but more importantly regulatory based upon the implementation of emission standards and as we kind of look out over the next five years at least, we don’t see significant impact from any regulatory requirements. So the market demand for commercial vehicles is going to be largely based upon the economics in the country.
Ronald E. Armstrong: That really is a U.S. and Canada metric yes. Yes in Mexico we launched the engine last year very well received by our customers there and so it’s growing percentage penetration in the Mexican market as well.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we have two great engine factories, one in Eindhoven and one in Columbus, Mississippi and both can produce the full line of PACCAR engine and so we have the ability to produce engines around the world to that support our needs in whatever market it might be. So capacity is in excellent shape. Our capacity for both the truck business and for engine production is in great shape.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Typically if we take a multi-year order there is some factor that's used for the subsequent year in the pricing that is in the order.
Ronald E. Armstrong: The first quarter would be down about 5% from fourth quarter levels with primarily related to Europe.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We’ve given our market range and we expect our shares to be good in all our markets and so that’s was the impact of the primary drivers of our volume numbers in our business.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, the mid part of our estimate is pretty comparable to last year’s level. We hope to - expect to see some share improvement, and so we hope that our deliveries and registrations for 2015 or maybe a bit ahead of 2014 level.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, I don't know what the source of your pricing information is, but obviously Peterbilt and Kenworth have great products, that its all based on the value of proposition with our customers and we think we offer a great value proposition with the industries best truck as well as the industries best fuel efficiency.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, we do, just a second. In the US and Canada we delivered 22,200 trucks in the further quarter, and Europe it was 12,100 and in Mexico, South America, Australia and other it was 5,800 trucks.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think we will see increased over time, it’s a great engine and it’s really a matter of getting more and more of the customers. We are significantly invested maybe in Cummins engines or another brand to get in the vehicle and experience the engine. And so, once they do that we will continue to see conquest business over time and the engine with its horsepower capabilities in the torque capabilities of the engine its very well suited to 75%, 80% of our customer need. So we will see it continue to develop over time.
Ronald E. Armstrong: SG&A one of our strengths as a company is rigorous over side of our spending activities and our plans and warehouses and offices around the world and we’ll continue to maintain that rigor. I think SG&A would be at levels comparable to 2014 and the tax rate as we look forward probably in the 32% to 33% range is we look to 2015.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Our market estimate for the various markets that we participate in. we’ve identified what those are and we expect to have good share positions in those markets and so that really can give the expectations for units as we look forward for the year. Backlogs are in excellent and we well positioned to take advantage of the market as it progresses during the year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don’t think that has much impact, I think they are looking because fuel even at the reduction fuel is still the first or second biggest expense in their P&L and so I think they are always looking to get the most advantageous cost level that they can and the MX engine combined with the Peterbilt, Ken T680, DAF trucks provided excellent value proposition for those customers.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, for the quarter the impact on revenues was about $160 million and pretax profit was about $13 million.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think we’ve been very consistent over time and we evaluate that on a ongoing basis and consult with the board, the board decides what levels will you provide dividends and so we have a long track record since 1941. Paying a dividend to our shareholders and we’ll continue I think with that practice for the foreseeable future.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think we will see, be steady and up because as we gain more of our dealers, finishing their permanent facilities, they will be able to enhance their business, which should translate into additional demand for our trucks, our DAF trucks.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think it will continue to increase in penetration, as this time goes on, both for fuel economy reasons and for driver reasons, very efficient transmissions and they are very easy to drive. So we will continue to see, increasing acceptance of those markets in the markets.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well I think when you think about Europe as we commented ion our products, the Euro6 products had been very well received by our customers and DAF continues to make enhancements both in terms of application fuel efficiency and so they are very well positioned to take advantage of any uptick in the market and as I mentioned with the lower fuel prices, low interest rates there is a potential for the market to improve, I think it’s a matter of people getting confident about how the future may look for them and once they gain that confidence just as we saw in the past years here in North America, once they gain that confidence they will be willing to be more aggressive in placing that order. In North America, we said past cycles have been impacted by some of the emissions change , we don’t see those kinds of impact and so the truck market will pretty well track the economic development as we see them occur and right now obviously the economic forecast for 2015 are good and we expect to have a positive impact on the size of the market for this year. End of Q&A
