Mark Pigott: As we've commented before, we've seen a progressive improvement in the portfolio, the truck utilization, freight rates are improving and so the customer cash flows are able to make and support their truck payments on a more timely basis.
Mark Pigott: Well, we have indicated in the press release that we'll be increasing R&D. And certainly, a portion of that will be focused on greenhouse gas and emission regulations.
Mark Pigott: Right. We really look at it on a dollar or euro basis rather than percent. We know what our products plans are. We know the regulations we have to meet. We know the new factories we have to build, the new IT programs we're launching and that's the way we look at it.
Mark Pigott: Yes, I think that the credit availability has improved during the course of this year as we progress through the year. And we certainly are looking to finance good credits and support the sale of PACCAR product around the world.
Mark Pigott: It's really a market forecast. I know a number of people have asked a similar question about supply chain, and I would just sort of reinforce that PACCAR has perhaps slightly different approach to the supply chain than many competitors. We invest in a lot of our suppliers in terms of capital equipment. We train them in Six Sigma. We work with them on their IT and business software program, so there's a real strong partnership. And the result is that the suppliers are very eager to work with PACCAR and also appreciate that we probably pay their bills faster than any other OEM they work with.
Mark Pigott: Yes. As we get to 2013, there will be some increased commonality, particularly on the top end of the engine, so that will certainly be a benefit just on the manufacturing and even in the engineering side of it. So we're looking forward to that. I think even on a broader scale, as we probably get beyond 2013, 2015, there's going to be a lot more commonality for emission regulations worldwide, which will certainly help us, and I'm sure, a number of our competitors.
Mark Pigott: For our DAF trucks, we're looking to increase production. Backlogs have improved. So it's pretty steady growth.
Mark Pigott: Well, obviously, the two biggest markets for us at this time are Europe and North America. And you're going to have most of the new products introduced there. But as we've indicated publicly, South America where we've been for 40, 50 years, we'll get more of our new products and that will be primarily the DAF product range. And then looking out at even more than a few years, of course, there's opportunities throughout Asia. So we're going to keep our customers happy with leading-edge products and that'll be North America, Europe, increasingly South America and then in Asia.
Mark Pigott: In Europe, I think, it will be perhaps more even from terms of quarterly production and sales. They seem to be ramping up a little faster. The European governments have had a slightly different approach in trying to get their economies recover. They have the employment programs, which are now fading out. But also they're taking some dramatic steps to reduce taxation at all levels throughout the countries, which are certainly benefiting many companies. In North America, U.S. and Canada because Mexico is actually quite strong now. U.S. and Canada, I think, will be ramping up. So we can say that as we go through the year, each quarter will be successively stronger. In terms of Cat, we have finalized and put our final Cats into our vehicles and moved on.
Mark Pigott: Well, I think in Brazil -- of course, they have a very strong GDP right now. Country has had eight relatively good, stable years. All of our competitors are there and make, in some cases, all of their profit out of South America compared to the rest of the world. So it's an exciting market. It's a market that we know. We've had a 10 year partnership with Volkswagen do Brasil that expired in the '90s, so we know Brazil. We're encouraged to see its strong growth. And over time, if you look at a 5% to 6% GDP growth, the truck population and the truck production should expand and get up to maybe 200,000 units a year. They have the Olympics coming up. They have the World Cup coming up. So there's going to be a lot of infrastructure investment. And they're growing as a nation. In terms of our particularly plans, as I say, we've been in South America for decades, not so much in Brazil. I'm sure our competitors are not overjoyed at the prospect of us being involved there, but we will. And we're evaluating different business scenarios. We're testing our vehicles, and the preliminary response from suppliers and customers and financial institutions are the market's growing. We'd love to have you here. You're a quality company with world-class products, so let's work together.
Mark Pigott: Well, as I indicated, we've installed over 2,000 now. And we continue to receive good orders in the 20% to 25% share of our total production, which if you look out over the next few months, orders would be in the 5,000-units range. People are enjoying the benefits. I mean this is a proven engine that has won many awards, including being the top engine in China. It's a great engine throughout all of Europe. It's a great engine anywhere in the world. So I think the Kenworth and Peterbilt customers are just enjoying the benefits of it. And we continue to look forward to grow over time.
Mark Pigott: There's a portion of it, but to put a new facility in, it's a couple-of-year project as you're aware.
Mark Pigott: Well, you know PACCAR is the leader in aerodynamic trucks. We pioneered it over 20 years ago. The Kenworth T600, the famous anteater. I guess I'm old enough to actually remember I was at the launch of that thing, and it was quite a wonderful event. So T700 that was just launched, the 587, of course, the DAF, the XF105 and others, these are all aerodynamic leaders. And we're a premium vehicle and get the highest residual for our products because we deliver the best fuel economy. So this is perfect for us. We have great engineers who are leaders in terms of developing innovative solutions to meet the new regulation, but the long and tall is something that I knew early in my career and there's always a few that are out there. But for well over a decade, we've been the environmental and aerodynamic leader in terms of our vehicles. So it's just, it's playing into our cards perfectly.
Mark Pigott: This time, I think there probably a slightly greater emphasis in Europe. But overall, we're just looking at 20% worldwide because you got Australia. You got Mexico. You got export markets. But overall, we're looking at about 20% global increase.
Mark Pigott: Well, the vast majority of our customers sort of have over 10 to 15 trucks sold. The fleets are always a very big part of our customer component. And there certainly has been a consolidation over the last decade because of a couple of turbulent recessions. But I think our mix is pretty stable in terms of just most of the people that buy our products are medium to large companies, and the owner-operators, the ones that are still exist have usually aligned themselves with different companies for economic benefits. So very stable.
Mark Pigott: I think the wonderful thing about being in this business, I'm in my fourth decade now, is that there is one constant. And that is there's always a lot of interesting times with our competitors and their pricing. And that's all I can say.
Mark Pigott: The 15 liter is an excellent engine. So I think it's important that we recognize that. And it's certainly been a mainstay for many years and will continue to have a very important presence in the North American market. So I think that's -- let's just kind of put that out there. The 13 liter worldwide is the preferred large engine for a number of reasons: One being a little bit lighter weight, typically better fuel economy and that's kind of the standard. So I don't think it's anything unusual or even a surprise that the U.S., Canadian and let's call it Mexican markets are just becoming a little bit more aligned with the rest of the world in terms of engine preference. And so I would say, if you could cascade that down, all different types of customers are interested in the 13 liter from the small operator to the largest fleets. They're saying we have similar operating characteristics to companies that operate in South America or Australia or Europe or even into Asia as the infrastructure gets built there. So the 15 liter is a very important contributor in engine in North America. I see that it will continue to be. But you can't really be surprised that the U.S. and Canadian truck markets are becoming more aligned with the global preference for 13 liter.
Mark Pigott: Well, that's a complicated topic. It's probably going to take a little bit more time that we have this morning. But whatever is the regulations are, obviously, PACCAR and its fellow competitors have input into it. And once we have our input and the rules are made, then we work with those rules and design the highest quality, most efficient products for our customers. We've been doing it that way for 105 years.
Mark Pigott: I can't really comment for our competitors. We know what we do. We work with the regulations that are in place. And as I've indicated, our goal is to design and provide the highest quality products in the industry in every market. And that's what we do everyday.
Mark Pigott: Well, it's a good question. I think one of the interesting outtakes of this particular recession, which is very challenging one for everybody is typically in a recession, you have a lot of drivers sort of re-entering the transport industry because the housing industry is down. Certainly, the housing industry is at many decades low right now, but we haven't seen the corresponding increase in the pool of drivers because I think people are saying driving a truck is a challenging profession. It's rewarding, but I want to stay closer to home. So that's been an interesting sort of outtake of this recession. In terms of a smaller pool of drivers, I think there is a benefit for PACCAR because many fleets want to attract drivers and the premium reputation, premium quality and the ease of operation of our products makes it very attractive for fleets to purchase our vehicles and attract drivers. So there is an advantage.
Mark Pigott: Certainly, we've seen the pros and cons of doing it both ways. Obviously, the DAF success story is one of the great business stories over the last 10 years, and that was an acquisition. We continue to evaluate all opportunities. A greenfield site, as you indicate, is completely in your control and completely on your timeline. And we know exactly what the cost of that is, so there are many advantages to that. Distribution is an equally important aspect of entering a new market. And the good news is that with our independent dealer network, which is the most profitable dealer network in the world, there are a lot of businesses saying, wow, can I get an opportunity to represent DAF and PACCAR in this market, and that will allow me to make a lot of money? I'm interested. So I would just say Ann, watch this space.
Mark Pigott: No, I don't think that's been outlined. We just said it's about 5% increase in production from second to third quarter. Not at this time.
Mark Pigott: No, we did share with you that we had a strong parts sales of $554 million. And of course you've got total sales of parts is increasing at a steady rate, primarily being driven by very old truck population in North America and of course also a record number of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks worldwide over $1.5 million. So that looks good as the economy's improved. And freight companies now are pulling their trucks off the backlog and utilization is going up. They're finding they're needing to invest in their vehicles to get them ready to work again.
Mark Pigott: It's just where the demand is, and we're very happy with it. It's fantastic. We've got plenty of capacity and the ability to increase that capacity. So in fact, that's a good point. I'm glad you raised it. As we look back over the last decade, it was in PACCAR because of a lot investment in our factories, Six Sigma and efficiency gains. We are actually having more capacity worldwide than we had five years ago, even though we have closed a facility and reduced the production at other facilities. So we're in excellent shape.
Mark Pigott: Well, it varies, but I would say that the vast majority of our customers are enjoying a healthy improvement in fuel economy. That's all I can really say at this time.
Mark Pigott: We're seeing many of our customers' profitability, the ones that are publicly traded and report their earnings, are now getting back to sort of 2005 levels. So good profitability. Freight rates are going up. I think the health of the industry is certainly better than it has been for several years. It's had a couple of difficult recessionary shocks this decade. And obviously, we've also have to work through some substantial cost and price increases because of the emission regulations. But the companies that are out operating, unless they're intimately linked with, say, housing construction, those are going to be struggling. But they seemed to be in good shape.
Mark Pigott: Actually, I think it's a broader question and that is the overall economic vitality of the U.S. economy. And that is a very broad topic, but as we have burdened our country with increased legislation and taxation, that has made our recovery in the U.S. very weak. And there's not a strong outlook through any sector that I can see about the U.S.-based company really having a lot of growth. Now if you're selling into China or Asia, other markets, yes, you're seeing some real strong benefits. But if you are a trucking company operating in the U.S., it's still plenty of challenges. It's recessionary in many cities and as you travel around the country as we do, there are many states that are in very difficult shape. So being the trucking industry, obviously, but manufacturing and financial services, that's all. It's just an ongoing challenge. It's going to be tough for the next couple of years.
Mark Pigott: I don't think there's actually that much of a change. The market is the traditional medium duty. Let's call that Class 6, 7 is really pretty stable. But at levels that are about half of what it was five years ago, we don't see that substantially increasing. So you're finding that people are going towards the medium heavy, if you will, or the greater than 15 ton, and then they might be shifting more to the six ton and below. And I think there's plenty of growth in all those markets.
Mark Pigott: I think your analysis is accurate. It does get us towards the peak of the last cycle, and it's probably a fair comment. I think that's all we can really add to it right now.
Mark Pigott: That's a very excellent question. Actually DAF is strong in almost every market in Europe. Market share leader in Belgium, Netherlands, U.K. We're number two in Italy. We're number two in France. We're number three in Germany. We're the market share leader in Hungary, Czech Republic, Poland. We have a growing presence in Spain and Portugal and moving into Russia. So obviously, Germany is the economic driver in the European Union. And DAF being number one overall in Europe in tractors has really benefited from the increase in freight. So our focus is to continue to grow in all markets and also have a particular emphasis on the vocational markets. So DAF did an outstanding job.
Mark Pigott: That's a good question. No, our customers, our dealers are very happy in Europe. Our dealer's inventory levels are close to five-year lows. The dealers are doing well. They've been through a difficult time, but they've done a fantastic job working in partnership with DAF. Certainly, there's an increase in product going to other markets, but the European customers are getting all the products that they're requesting. So we're in good shape.
Mark Pigott: I'm not sure what the competitors are doing, but I do know our approach is very much a collaborative partnership with our suppliers. First, we pride ourselves on paying our bills in a very timely basis. Many of our competitors seem to drag it out. Maybe they've got cash flow issues, I'm not sure. Second, we invest in our suppliers where we'll actually purchase capital equipment, which allows them to increase their capacity, increase their quality, reduce their cost, improve their profitability. Third, we have an active Six Sigma program where we will go in and train our suppliers. Everybody from the shop floor to management on how to run their business. And fourth, we invite them into our engineering group at an early stage to get their input on new designs and how they can best partner with us. So that's how we approach it, and it works very, very well.
Mark Pigott: Well, we continue to evaluate different opportunities, but we did increase our quarterly dividend, which is appreciated by our shareholders. And as you have rightfully noted, we will be increasing our investments on a global basis. And interesting enough, through this recession, the cash question has not come up because it's certainly been a benefit for PACCAR. And it's a cyclical industry, and we want to provide a great return to our shareholders. We want to be able to invest in world-class products and grow on a global basis. So that's our use.
Mark Pigott: Well, it's a good question. I think you could actually apply that question to the broader consumer that we all run into on a daily basis. There's been many pronouncements and headlines about the recession is over, but I think whoever came out with that has forgotten to tell the basic consumer because, you know what, in many towns across this great country, it certainly doesn't feel like the recession is over. So obviously, that has an impact on our customers and the trucking in general that people are saying, is it over? You say it is, but I see my neighbor's house just went into foreclosure. Nobody's building any new homes. Car production is at 30-year low. Consumer spending is not really strong, I would say. So people are saying, tell me when I can see three, four strong economic growth quarters in a row then I'll feel better about it. And that applies to you, me and all of our customers.
Mark Pigott: From your accent, you sound like you might be spending some time with our friends in Northern Europe. Well, I can't comment on what they're doing or not doing. I know that DAF is doing an excellent job. It seems to be the number two position, overall share in Europe. And we're getting good orders in. Our dealers are in great shape. So we are looking for DAF to increase its production rates in the fourth quarter as we've indicated and continue to grow.
Mark Pigott: There is no issue. We're second largest supplier in Europe, and we're very happy our customers. Our customers are loving it, and we're getting many customers every week that are pleased to work with DAF and give their business to us for fantastic products. So not sure if there's any issue, but we're excited. We're pleased where we are and we're moving ahead.
Mark Pigott: No, we do it worldwide. We're in good shape. I'm glad you had a chance to visit the stand and hopefully you were impressed by the wonderful selection of vehicles.
Mark Pigott: Everyday, there's something going on when you run large multinational companies. We're in good shape, Ann.
Thomas Plimpton: I think we've seen progressive improvement in our portfolio over the last four or five quarters. We see the health of our customers continuing to improve. And there's still challenges out there, but we think that the improving trend will continue.
Thomas Plimpton: Yes, we have, particularly in the recent months, we've seen our share penetration grow somewhat. We're very active with our dealers and our customers and supporting them in buying Kenworth, Peterbilt products around the world. So really focused on growing with good customers.
Thomas Plimpton: Well, LNG, CNG, that's what your talking about? We've been pioneers on that. We have product running, certain ports are advocates of it. We have great product. We have strong partnerships with different major industry suppliers. In terms of a significant share, probably not in the short term. Diesel really is the most efficient and effective power source for commercial vehicles. And well, if you go to Europe, for cars also. But we offer LNG, CNG and for those applications that desired, we are there. And we have I think the world's best solution, but in diesel, we continue to be the major driver for quite the foreseeable future.
