Ronald Armstrong: Good morning. Thanks to the accomplishment of PACCAR's 25,000 outstanding employees around the world. 2017 was an excellent year for the company. PACCAR achieved record revenues of $19.5 billion and net income for $1.68 billion. Net income includes a $173 million onetime benefit from the new U.S. tax law. Excluding the onetime tax benefit, PACCAR reported annual adjusted net income of $1.5 billion, the second highest in the company's history. 2017 was PACCAR's 79th consecutive year of generating positive earnings. Last year's results reflect record heavy duty truck market share in the U.S. and Canada, record worldwide after-market parts results and a strong European truck market. PACCAR celebrated many important achievements in 2017. DAF XF and CF trucks earned a prestigious international truck of the year award. Kenworth and Peterbilt achieved record U.S. and Canada Class 8 retail market share of 30.7%. Kenworth and Peterbilt also launched the new PACCAR front and rear axles and the PACCAR automated transmission in North America. The PACCAR engine factory in Mississippi earned the 2017 plant of the year honor from quality magazine. The PACCAR Innovation Center opened in Silicon Valley. PACCAR parts opened new distribution centers in Brisbane, Australia and Panama City, Panama; and is constructing a new PDC in Toronto. DAF was honored as truck brand of the year in Brazil for the second year in a row. PACCAR's fourth quarter sales and financial services revenues were a quarterly record, $5.45 billion and quarterly net income was $589 million including the $173 million onetime tax benefit. Quarterly adjusted net income excluding the onetime tax benefit was $416 million. PACCAR delivered a record 44,300 trucks during the fourth quarter, 10% higher than third quarter deliveries. PACCAR increased its regular quarterly dividend in April last year and declared total annual cash dividends of $2.19 per share including $1.20 per share special dividend declared in December. PACCAR has paid a dividend every year since 1941 and its total dividend yield was an excellent 3.1% at year end. We estimate that PACCAR's 2018 effective tax rate will be 23% to 25% compared to an effective tax rate of approximately 31% prior to the new law. The new U.S. corporate tax rate and accelerated depreciation of machinery and equipment will generate positive cash flow for PACCAR and its customers. We expect first quarter margins to be about 50 basis points higher on similar truck and parts volumes when compared to the fourth quarter last year. And based on our current market assumptions, we expect 2018 full year margins to be comparable to first quarter levels. U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck industry retail sales totaled 218,000 units last year. In 2018, we estimate that the market will be in a range of 235,000 to 265,000 units. The 2018 U.S. and Canada truck market will benefit from U.S. GDP and industrial production growth, as well as greater capital investment resulting from the new U.S. tax law. The European heavy truck market was a robust 306,000 units in 2017 and looking at this year we anticipate that above 16 ton truck market will be another strong year and be in a range of 290,000 to 320,000 vehicles. PACCAR parts generated record pretax profit of $614 million and revenues of $3.3 billion in 2017. These outstanding results were driven by a growing population of PACCAR trucks and engines and investments in technology and distribution centers. For the fourth quarter, PACCAR parts achieved record quarterly revenues of $877 million and record pretax income of $157 million. We expect parts revenues to grow 5% to 8% this year. PACCAR financial services revenues were $332 million in the fourth quarter and pretax income was $73 million. The good results benefited from continuing strong portfolio performance. U.S. Class 8 industry used truck sales volume increased during the quarter. And Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values continue to command a 10% to 20% premium over competitor's vehicles. For the full year PACCAR financial services earned pretax income of $264 million. For 2018 PACCAR plans to increase research and development spending to a range of $280 million to $310 million and capital expenditures to a range of $425 million to $475 million. PACCAR is investing in new aerodynamic truck models, integrated power trains including zero emission electric and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, advanced driver assistance in truck connectivity technologies and expanded manufacturing and parts distribution facility. As the company begins its 113th year, we are in an excellent position to lead the industry with the highest quality products and services. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Ronald Armstrong: So let's talk about -- I'll let Michael talk about the revenues and the currency effects but I'll just address the margins. As we look at the first quarter -- the fourth quarter because of the holiday period in North America, Peterbilt and Kenworth have fewer production days, so that had more production days and we have a bit higher margins in North America compared to Europe and so that mix is bit of a unfavorable effect in the fourth quarter and now will be favorable in the first quarter and just other expenses and sort of the customer and product mix in the first quarter is more favorable than what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: As we do in our wrap ups, we always work very closely with our suppliers, given a lot of forewarning about our plans and so at this point we don't see any particular challenges in working with suppliers to achieve the market demands that we currently see.
Ronald Armstrong: So if you look at the fourth quarter, that's probably fairly indicative of what our run rate will be for 2018, probably with a little bit of upward pressure because of exchange rates. Year-to-date, exchange rates will be higher in 2018 as they were in 2017.
Ronald Armstrong: I'd say it's more sustainable. This is with 2021 greenhouse gas submissions, on the horizon, we're investing now for that; so I think we have a pretty clear view of -- this level is probably kind of the sustainable level for the next foreseeable few years.
Ronald Armstrong: We'll have it ready when the customer demand is there to support that. We're obviously investing like a lot of companies are in zero emission technologies and as the world evolves and as those vehicles become economical to the customers, that's the point at which we will definitely have a product in the market.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, it was very normal, reflected our billed rates. We got good operating leverage on our factory operations, so I would say it's very normal.
Ronald Armstrong: I think we'll see again, very normal progression, factory overhead will go up as we incremental build rates or come down as we decrement build rates and so all very normal, so I don't have anything else to add to there.
Ronald Armstrong: I don't think it's pricing, there are -- we have incentives and because of the great volume, the great programs that our PACCAR parts teams provides, the dealers earned some higher incentive levels that they haven't earned before; so that's reflected but that also is reflected in the fact that we achieved record sales and record profit.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, we'll progress as we progress through this year, we'll become much more smarter each quarter about how this progresses but we do see definitely a favorable benefit. So we'll be thinking about our capital allocation strategy as we go forward.
Ronald Armstrong: No, the single biggest item Joel was just material cost movement. In 2016 we had a very -- nice favorable material cost movements, 2017 was just the opposite. So they went in different directions year-over-year and so that was probably the single biggest item. And then we launched some new products that had a lot of renewable elements to it so as we launched those products we put our initial accrual rates for warranty and some of the other costs that have slightly higher rates, just to be conservative. Products are performing excellently in the market, so we'll see some benefit of that as we go forward.
Ronald Armstrong: It's rebranded but I would say Joel, it is customized to mesh with our actuals and our MX engines. So it's a unique configuration for our vehicles.
Ronald Armstrong: I would say it's stable, the used truck prices have been fairly stable during the second half of the year and as we start into 2018 and I would say that -- I would say the same thing for new truck pricing that is relatively stable.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think -- probably, if you pick an average of the full year, divide that by full year last year and divide that by four, that's probably a fairly indicative run rate, plus or minus for developments during the course of the year.
Ronald Armstrong: Our team there did a great job, they finished -- when you look at the combined -- above 16 ton and 6 to 16 ton market, they -- for the second year in a row were over 30% share of that market; so our teams do a great job there and we're working closely with our customers for negotiating orders for 2018 and so we expect as the year progresses that the UK market by the time we get through the year will be similar to 2017 levels.
Ronald Armstrong: No, we were not concerned about the peak, we're obviously working closely with our customers to meet their needs today, tomorrow and whatever those needs are we will be working closely with them to make sure that we meet those and we'll flex to adjust whatever the market demands are and it's a real strength of our company. As we think about margins, there is a lot of factors that can impact 2018 margins, material costs, other factors as we progress through the year; so it's early days, we feel pretty good about the first quarter and we'll see how things develop for the full year.
Ronald Armstrong: No, I don't foresee any particular change, obviously that will be a matter for discussion with the board as we discuss things during 2018 but I don't see us making radical changes in our capital allocation approach in our dividend practices.
Ronald Armstrong: Maybe Tim [ph] can you clarify for me for what you talked about changes in potential ownership. What…
Ronald Armstrong: Sure. I mean there is consolidation that goes on sort of continuously in the transportation industry and we work very closely with the predecessor and the successor companies to try and maintain strong relationships and as you know, this is an industry that's built a lot on personal relationships and that's important for us and our teams. As we think about pricing, it's just a competitive market and we price -- believe our customer's needs, we have great trucks that have earned a premium in the marketplace and we work closely to earn our share of the market and we're all about profitable market share and that's our focus and we'll continue to do that. So the competitive environment will dictate what the pricing opportunities will be or not be.
Ronald Armstrong: In parts, I think it's a combination of higher truck populations and certainly the increased engine population with MX engines in North America now. The programs that the teams have put together with fleet services, billings, the e-commerce capabilities that we have we're now upto over 130 TRP stores around the globe, the TRP brand; so all those things are elements that contribute to -- I would say above industry growth levels in the parts business and sure we'd hope to be able to continue to build on those but we're focused on continuing to build that business during the course of this year.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think just because of the workday adjustments there will be slightly higher North America deliveries in the first quarter and slightly lower European deliveries in the first quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: And then when you think about fuel cell trucks, there is a lot of infrastructure that has to -- hydrogen fuel cell, that has to be developed to support fuel cell technology but all things that we're working with our truck divisions and with some of our suppliers on developing the capabilities to be ready when the demand is right.
Ronald Armstrong: And the packaging on the chassis and on the truck. So I think there is a lot of things that will matter as that technology gets closer to the market.
Ronald Armstrong: I just -- there is a lot of dynamics in those individual line items that impact -- whether it's heavy duty mix, medium duty mix, customer mix; so you've got to look at that total table as one, so it's a little bit difficult to parse into any individual line item.
Ronald Armstrong: No, I think the demand is up in really all segments. I would say that they are probably in terms of percentage growth, maybe a little bit higher demand on the day cab side and we're seeing some of that in the used truck market where the used day cabs have a bit of a benefit compared to what they had been say six months, nine months ago.
Ronald Armstrong: I don't remember exactly what we said but as you look at third quarter versus fourth quarter, part of what we saw was the fact that fourth quarter had higher deliveries in Europe versus North America which again a bit of a dampening effect on overall margins. And there were some impacts of customer and model mix in terms of the products that got sold, the customers that we sold to, and we talked a little bit about the fact that fourth quarter was a record sales period for the parts business and the good news is we had to pay slightly higher incentives but that -- the incentives really helped spur on the additional volume and profitability.
Ronald Armstrong: I don't think there is anything fundamentally that's changed about how we think about operating leverage and margin enhancement, some years, quarters, things go your way like material costs, sometimes they don't. So -- but I think long-term we still have a similar perspective on how we thought about margins and operating leverage overtime.
Ronald Armstrong: So as I mentioned before, the key differences are the mix between Europe and North America in terms of volume.
Ronald Armstrong: I don't know what currency numbers you're using and how you're getting those. All I can just tell us is that when you look at fourth quarter '17 versus fourth quarter '16, you have the effects of material cost movements with the single biggest factor beneficial in '16, challenging in '17, the parts incentives had a bit of an impact and those are sort of the two biggest factors and as you look forward into next year, those sort of tend to reverse and you've got the European and North American mix favorable as we get into the first quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: And that's for the total company, total revenues, total profitability, truck parts, finance, etcetera.
Ronald Armstrong: As we think about used trucks I mean we're seeing good demand from used trucks as we sit here today. And no reason to indicate that no reason to indicate that that's not going to continue for the near-term. We've done a lot of things to support our ability to handle greater volumes of used trucks, we built a new used truck center in Chicago area that's been open now just about a year, we're just opening another used truck facility in the Los Angeles area, in Montana. So we continue to enhance our internal abilities and obviously, we've always worked very closely with our dealers on the distribution of used trucks through the market; so we've done a lot of things to enhance our capabilities over the last several years.
Ronald Armstrong: I don't know how many during the quarter, I know we finished over 120 at year end and we're over 130 as we sit here today. I don't think we have a view of what full population is and just as we continue to add dealer locations for Peterbilt, Kenworth, DAF; we'll add locations for TRP to meet market demands as they develop. So there is no end number or end game in sight, it's just continue to take advantage of distributing parts to all the areas that we can support our customers.
Ronald Armstrong: I'd say it's a combination of both. I think it's the programs, it's the population of vehicles and it's TRP expansion.
Ronald Armstrong: Our teams will -- they have worked very hard over the years to develop the market share. When I started with the company 24 years ago, Peterbilt and Kenworth had a combined share of 21% and over the 24 years they've been able to increment that to 25%, 28% and now they have 30%. And so our view is to continue to develop the best trucks in the market, provide the best value for our customers and organically grow our share profitably and our primary markets, so that will be our focus for 2018 as well.
Ronald Armstrong: No, it's -- in terms of the percentage it's in the 10% to 15% of total sales range and so I don't see it being a major factor in parts margins.
Ronald Armstrong: As we have progressed into 2018, we have taken some additional build rate increases, both in North America and Europe to support demand and so we'll maintain that as long as the demand is there.
Ronald Armstrong: As I mentioned, earlier there is a lot of factors that impact that overall margin outcome and we feel really good about what we're seeing and expecting for the first quarter, the rest of year -- there could be opportunities, we'll just have to see how the year develops.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, orders for DAF have been very strong. We look at fourth quarter compared to the second or fourth quarter, I think they are up about 27%. So as I mentioned, we've taken some additional plans to increase our build rate this quarter and so it's going to be dependent on the market, you look at the freight activity in Germany; in the month of December I think the activity was up 6%, and for the full year up about 4%, so we enter the beginning of this year with strong freight activity. DAF obviously has a great product, just won truck of the year in the fourth quarter and those products provide upto 7% improved fuel efficiency, so it's a great value proposition for the customers if the customers haven't bought trucks for four or five years, today's trucks is double-digit improvement in terms of operating efficiency. So there is a lot of reason for customers to purchase new vehicles, take advantage of the lower operating cost.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, we definitely do and we continue to monitor that and make the investments. As you know, we completed the West [ph] paint facility in Europe last year which basically increased the capacity of our paint operations in Europe by about 50% and we continue to monitor those capacity factors and make the investments. So in our capital plans this year or next year, we'll continue to look at that not just for our factories but obviously we're looking at that for our parts distribution activities as well, we're building the new PDC in Toronto and we're looking at some additional investments on the parts side to continue to support our customers with their truck up time.
Harrie Schippers: Well, we had the nice hydrogen truck there, then our autonomous trucks and -- yes, it got a lot of attraction, lot of positive feedback from everybody who was at the show.
Harrie Schippers: I think the major thing we needed is a breakthrough in battery technology for electric trucks to really scale, really be significant for heavy commercial trucks.
Harrie Schippers: For the heavy duty applications it's way [ph] important because a truck carries lot more than a person, like a passenger car does. And the cost and the range that the truck can operate, those are three things that are much more important for heavy trucks than they are for a car.
David Raso: And I apologize, I'm talking year-over-year; year-over-year North America deliveries were 51% of the total, they were only 42% a year ago. So the mix is positive year-over-year but the margins ex-currency was down, that's all, it's a plain cost issue, I'm just trying to reconcile.
David Raso: And just to be clear, maybe I misheard you. I thought early you did give us the currency impact for the quarter, it was $142 million for revs and $8 million for profit. So…
David Raso: But again, just on clear price cost next year, what's the basis, is it neutral after this year negative or '17 a negative; just to make sure we understand the puts and takes.
