Ron Armstrong: Good morning. Harrie Schippers, Preston Feight, and I will update you on our excellent third quarter results. PACCAR's third quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $5.8 billion and third quarter net income was $545 million, a strong 9.5% after tax return on revenue. Revenues were 14% higher and net income was 35% higher within the third quarter last year. PACCAR's Truck Division's produced a record number of trucks in the third quarter and PACCAR Parts achieved 14% revenue growth compared to the third quarter last year. I am extremely proud of our 28,000 employees who have delivered the world's highest quality Trucks, Parts, and Financial Services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 47,800 trucks during the third quarter, 3% higher than the second quarter. Increased build rates in North America were partially offset by fewer build days in Europe due to DAF's regular summer shutdown. Truck and Parts' gross margins were 14.1% in the third quarter. Truck pricing was good with price realization comparable to the second quarter at about 3%. Costs were impacted by parts shortages from a small number of North American suppliers, including a few affected by Hurricane, Florence. As a result of these part shortages, we incurred additional material and labor costs. Our Tier 1 suppliers are investing in additional capacity and working closely with Tier 2 suppliers to meet PACCAR factory delivery requirements. We expect this situation to normalize in the near term. Our Peterbilt and Kenworth teams in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico did a fantastic job of managing record third quarter production and achieving the highest operating margins in the industry. In the fourth quarter, we're expecting 4% to 8% higher deliveries compared to the third quarter, primarily due to an increase in the number of production days in Europe and higher daily build rates. Truck and Parts gross margins are estimated to be higher in the fourth quarter at around 14.5%. Preston Feight will now provide an update on DAF, PACCAR Parts, and PACCAR Financial Services.
Ron Armstrong: I think they're - the number of trucks is it's not at sort of historical peak levels, but it's strong and they're getting the increased operating efficiencies. And we've seen, you know, there's additional demand, we've seen more used trucks also being sold and the utilization of the fleets now are at record levels. So they really show no issues of being able to absorb the trucks, and I think what we hear is that there would be even more trucks purchased if there were drivers to put in the seats.
Ron Armstrong: I think the capability of engines for the last couple of iterations has been to improve fuel efficiency which translates into lower total operating costs for our customers and that won't change. As we look forward, we have greenhouse gas reductions in 2021, 2024 and 2027 in North America. Europe is close to proposing some limitations beginning in 2025 and 2030. So, we're going to continue to innovate and improve the efficiency of the diesel engines for the foreseeable future. In addition, obviously we're working on alternative powertrains and those will be attractive for certain applications, which I think Harrie mentioned those in his comments that, applications like refuse ports et cetera there could be a reasonable business case for those particular applications.
Ron Armstrong: Well, it's -– I think in the past cycles, we're very much focused on sued and NOx emissions with no benefits for our customers. So future cycles or future emissions legislates are greenhouse gas reduction. So there will be cost increases for new technology to be added, but it brings a benefit for our customers to enjoy.
Ron Armstrong: I think from my perspective the supply base is making progress. As I mentioned, they're making some investments working with all levels of the supply base Tier 1, Tier 2. The Hurricane Florence we have a couple of suppliers who are located in the Carolinas. And unfortunately, due to the time they had to take the shut down and some of the impacts of floods et cetera that had an impact. And so we're working through each one of those and we are as I said we expect in the near-term we'll work through those. I had a discussion with one of our suppliers yesterday. A good discussion, good healthy discussion and so everybody's got the same interest at heart. So we'll work probably during this quarter.
Ron Armstrong: We don't get quarter market data. We only know what we have done. The DAF quarter percentage has been strong this year with the year-over-year increases. And so we had ended next year with a good solid backlog and expect to be able to continue at our current pace for the - at least for the near term.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, our team has done a good job of evaluating the impacts of tariffs and other trade arrangements. And I would tell you that the effect is hundreds of dollars per truck. And so it's not a major item, but it's something obviously that just like other cost increases that where we manage that into our costing and pricing projections and work with that with our customers on future deliveries.
Ron Armstrong: We're really in good shape dealer inventory wise. I think we comment historically that if we're in the 60 day range in terms of inventory plus or minus and that's right where we were at in North America, as well as in Europe. So, the dealer inventories are in excellent shape as we sit here today.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. At this point, we think something around 14.5% is probably a reasonable expectation for the fourth quarter.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, we're not aware of a similar deterioration effect in our after treatment. But that's on - subject to ongoing testing and there's no assurance, but at this point, we're - we feel good about our approach and our - the chemistry that we've used in our after treatment system.
Ron Armstrong: No. We monitor the level of order intake for customer orders or stock orders, and so our divisions are very adept at sort of managing that and ensuring that what we have in the backlog is buildable [ph] to the best extent that we can.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. The market share continues to tick up. We've progressively increased build rates throughout this year. We have one more increase coming in the month of December. And so we're going to deliver about 2300 trucks this year and that the build rate that we'll in end this year, there's no reason at this point to say that that won't progress. We'll probably deliver over 3000 trucks next year and so from a market perspective Ken you have some.
Ron Armstrong: The backlog is extended. It's longer than it has been for some time. And as we always do we work closely with our suppliers to manage their capabilities, our capabilities, so that we get the right support of our customers and we can meet their delivery needs. So it's the clarity of sort of how that progresses is a little bit fuzzy at this point, but I suspect supply base will continue to improve its capability to deliver in the coming months for sure.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. We do some of that and then we also - there's a cancellation policy that we put into effect that cancellation fee that is there to require that orders are buildable and more firm.
Ron Armstrong: We typically - we've got a commitment at a price. We've factored in our best estimate of what we think future costs are going to look like when we deliver those trucks. And so we have a pretty good feel about what we think the realization will be when we deliver those trucks.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I'd say most of that is unit volume growth and our teams look very closely at the components that are affected by tariffs and manage that. Our expectation is generally that will be passed on to the market.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. I think our factories we continue to make investments in our facilities to improve efficiency. You've been to our factories. You know the efficiency that we have in our factories and we continue to try and move the needle to manage our costs - the lowest cost manufacturer during all phases of the cycle. So that doesn't change and we'll continue to make those investments. Obviously the lower tax rate has a significant incremental effect on earnings versus a 31% rate historically versus a 22% to 23% rate. Currently that changes a little bit depending on where the earnings come from, but that's a significant enhancement from what we've seen historically. Parts and finance are making sizable contributions to the profitability of our operations. So we excel during the cycles and we will continue to excel. We can manage our cost structure better than anybody in the industry.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it is broad based. I mean, obviously the fleets are probably better at getting their orders in earlier and there's probably some smaller guys that will come. And so - but our teams are closely matching backlog to make sure that we meet the needs of all of our customers from small to - sort of smallest to the biggest.
Ron Armstrong: You know, it's one of those deals that it's really tough to - some things you can quantify specifically others are a little bit vague. But I have a guess probably 50 basis points would be the effect on the overall margin for the third quarter. And so yes, it was significant. Our teams did a great job sort of managing the schedule and managing the offline flow in our factories, and we're still managing through that, but I think we're seeing our way through the end of the tunnel.
Ron Armstrong: I think all those things are possible and so as we think about next year something probably in the 14% to 15% range for overall total gross margin is sort of where our heads are at currently.
Ron Armstrong: Sure. Just talking about Europe for a second the 16.6% share is again a record. Where we're seeing growth is pretty uniform. We're seeing growth throughout we've - with a couple of points we'd become the leading import brand in Germany which is roughly 20% of the European markets so that's nice accomplishment by the team in Europe. We're also seeing Eastern Europe grow as even more important part of the sector and DAF is very strong there. We're a market leader in several countries in Eastern Europe with growing share year-over-year sometimes 2% to 3% and 4%. So as the total of Europe evolves and matures DAF is really well positioned for strong growth in the future.
Ron Armstrong: Well, the U.K. we're the market leader in the U.K. We'll continue to be the market leader. Obviously, there's some dynamics in U.K. with the general economy, but we continue to be strong in the U.K. as well, which is down as a percentage of the total market.
Ron Armstrong: We have great flexibility. It's one of our real strengths. So we're able to produce a full range of products that we make in our factory in U.K. at Leyland which is something that was a unique advantage for us. So we can make those medium duties as well as all the heavy duties in the U.K. So we're well positioned for any kind of scenarios that would happen hard or soft. And then, we have great obviously manufacturing capacities in our main plants at Eindhoven. So we're watching what's happening there, but we feel very well positioned.
Ron Armstrong: Well, I think we just continue to - we're record truck deliveries record; truck revenues record, product revenues record, financial services portfolio our focus is to continue to grow the company and grow the earnings over the long-term and that will pay-off eventually. You probably know more about why today is what it is in the market. It doesn't make any sense to us but we're going to continue to focus on what we do, how we do it, and execute better than anybody in the industry.
Ron Armstrong: Ross we've not seen anything like that. I mean again oil affects a small percentage of our total truck production and overall business. So, it's not something that we monitor that closely, but I think the Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks, we have great customers in the oilfield and we're continuing to see steady - pretty steady demand I think from those customers. So not much impact. Oil prices have rebounded nicely and so I think that bodes well for the mid-term for that segment and it also has a nice benefit for our Winch business.
Ron Armstrong: I think right now suppliers are the pacing item. And we're - again, we are working closely on additional investments and that is the item that will make the difference for us.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. That's our goal for sure. And our supplier - we have great suppliers and again, some were dealt some pretty difficult hands with a hurricane affecting their operations and so that's - again, it's all temporary and it can be worked through.
Ron Armstrong: I would say steady. A lot of orders taken and negotiated with many of our customers. And so I think we feel good about the direction of pricing. It's very reasonable for the current market circumstances so.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, the backlogs and the business conditions are very good. So we feel really good about, like I said we're at record levels in all of our segments and our focus is to continue to grow, take advantage of the current market opportunities. So I'd say there's not any major concerns on our horizon.
Ron Armstrong: So, yeah, the Financial Services portfolio has been at less than 1% past dues for about six consecutive years. And that was during periods of really strong freight markets down to maybe not so strong freight markets. So I don't see that the customer's ability to meet their obligations is going to be significantly affected by some moderate reduction in pricing in the freight market. It's just been extraordinarily good in the last six months. And so I don't see that being a factor in our customer's decisions to buy trucks or being able to meet their commitment.
Ron Armstrong: We just have - we have great facilities. We have great reputations in the communities in which our factories and warehouses are located. We probably have some of the longest tenured employees in the industry that work in our operations. And so, when we have a need for employees, we'll probably get 10 apps for every job that we post. So we're viewed as a premium employer in the markets that we're in. And so we're able to find the people we need to do our staffing. That being said there are some pockets where that's part of the suppliers' challenge is getting employees in some of the areas in which they are in and so again they're working through that to try and solve those challenges.
Ron Armstrong: If all those things you said occur there's no offset. But it's a dynamic world and you got to manage the best you can with circumstances and that's what we do every day.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, we think about all those things. But if you look at historically about our cash balance, if you go back 10 years, it's in the mid- to high teens as a percent of our total assets and that's where it sits currently. But it's an ongoing discussion and review with the board about payouts and buybacks et cetera and that will continue.
Ron Armstrong: I don't think we have the visibility to necessarily what the specifics of that but I think fourth quarter revenue I think thinking about it on a 1:1 basis is probably the way to think about it.
Ron Armstrong: It was roughly offset. I mean when you see the 10-Q as we've drafted it now it looks like it's pretty much an offset for material and labor.
Ron Armstrong: I don't have that detail handy here. But let's see if it's something we can grab. So if you compare the third quarter this year to the third quarter last year total European orders are at 4% for the quarter in Europe and 17% year-to-date.
Ron Armstrong: I think it comes from a lot of different avenues. We continue to increase the level of EMX engines in the truck park on an ongoing basis. I think we're - since we started production I think we're at about 200000 and so with engine production next year that probably goes up another 15% or 20%. The engines are getting - the engines that we produced three or four, five, six, seven years ago are getting more into their maintenance period and so that's going to be a positive effect. So I think engine parts has been and probably will continue to be the highest percentage growth driver for PACCAR Parts. But then you look at the increased level of TRP stores, the fleet services initiatives that our team is championing the e-commerce initiatives to really make it easier to interface with PACCAR Parts the team has done a great job and really superb performance this year.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. I think if you compare the third quarter this year to a year ago, it's up about 10% overall. So it's been good. And we see that in the results in our Financial Services business in North America. In Europe, pricing is a little bit flat compared to where it was a year ago.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. I don't think there's any dramatic puts and takes in terms of price per unit. I mean, it gets impacted a little bit by the mix of medium versus heavy-duty. But again, I don't think there's anything there that's different than what we would normally expect.
Ron Armstrong: I think in the economics of diesel just makes sense and they're going to continue to make sense for a long time. So it's going to be the dominant power source for long-haul trucking certainly. There's obviously going to be opportunities that will develop in urban areas that may bring about hybrids or electric vehicles and so we're prepared for those. You obviously saw at the IAA Show and drove our CF Electric. We have a full suite of vehicles in terms of all-electric, heavy, light-duty, and we do that both in North America and Europe. So, we're well-prepared for the places where it makes sense. We think there will be local geographies more than they will generally widespread displacement of diesel for the foreseeable future.
Ron Armstrong: Yes. Maybe misinterpreted if that was the intent, but maybe it is more there approach to meeting these new non-diesel catchments as opposed to there won't be any diesel trucks left. So, I appreciate your color on that. That's helpful. Thank you.
Preston Feight: Thanks Ron. Our 2018 forecast is for Europe's greater than 16 tonne market to be in the range of 310,000 to 320,000 units, reflecting continued strong demand in growing European economies. We expect 2019 to be another excellent year with the market in the range of 290,000 to 320,000 trucks. The eurozone's GDP growth expectation for this year is 2% with 2019 projected at a similar level. Freight transport activity on German highways is at record levels up 3.5% this year. DAF has had an incredible year in 2018. DAF XF and CF trucks which were honored as international truck of the year 2018 achieved European above 16 tonne market share of 16.6% year-to-date compared to 15.1% in the same period last year. DAF is making great progress towards its goal of 20% share. PACCAR's Parts business generated strong quarterly revenues of $960 million, 14% higher than the same period last year. Parts quarterly pretax income was $189 million, 24% higher than last year. The growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation and consistent investments in parts distribution capacity and customer focus technologies drove these results. We are pleased to have opened our new 160,000 square foot parts distribution center in Toronto this month. We expect part sales to grow an additional 5% to 8% next year. PACCAR Financial Services third quarter pretax income increased 12% to $79 million compared to $71 million a year ago. The portfolio which was a record $14.1 billion this quarter continued to perform well. Kenworth and Peterbilt Class 8 used truck values increased more than 10% compared to the third quarter of last year. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values commanded 10% to 20% premium over competitors' vehicles. PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services profit contributions are much larger than they were 15 years ago. These businesses are inherently less cyclical than the sale of new trucks and their consistent profitability enhances PACCAR's financial results throughout the business cycle. Harry Schippers will now provide an update on Kenworth and Peterbilt and PACCAR investments.
Preston Feight: Yeah, I would just say it's timing. And we've grown in the large fleets. We talked earlier in the call about fleet growth Eastern Europe and DAF is doing a good job of making penetrations and some of those large fleets come with JRVs, but largely it's timing.
Preston Feight: I think you're starting to see that the DAF trucks in Europe they have the best fuel economy, the lowest operating cost and that's having the biggest fleets taking a really good at us and we're winning share there.
Preston Feight: Yeah. The currency impact for the quarter with respect to revenues is about $50 million or so of reduction of revenues due to currency movements. The dollar was strong during the quarter compared to last year and impact on income this quarter was pretty minimal.
Preston Feight: Trucks are performing great. And all our customers are very happy with the trucks that they are buying, pretty good position to be in.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. We have raised our estimate of retail sales for this year's U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck markets to a range of 280,000 to 290,000 units. In 2019, we expect the U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck markets to expand further to a range of 280,000 to 310,000 vehicles. U.S. economic and freight indicators are very strong with 3% GDP growth and nearly 4% industrial production growth expected this year. Freight tonnage growth has been a robust 7.5% year-to-date. We head into 2019 with great momentum, including the industry's best products and factory visibility that extends into the second half of next year. The record truck orders this year are driven by a strong economy. In the past, the surge in orders was often driven by a pre-buy related to an emissions change. Customers across all segments are experiencing strong demand from growing freight volume, very high fleet utilization and strong pricing. Customers are also benefiting from the industry leading operating efficiency provided by DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks, as well as superior aftermarket support from PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services. PACCAR is creating innovative products and technologies for the future. DAF showcased several advanced powertrain vehicles at the IAA truck show last month. The DAF CF Electric, LF Electric and CF hybrid trucks are entering field testing with customers. We look forward to customer demands for electric and hybrid powertrains in certain applications such as refuse, urban delivery and product operations. Longer term, electric vehicles will be competitive in more applications. While we are preparing for the long-term by making investments in alternative powertrain technologies, we do expect diesel to remain the most efficient powertrain technology in heavy truck applications for the foreseeable future. We estimate capital spending of $425 million to $475 million and R&D expenses of $300 million to $310 million this year. In 2019, we are planning for increased capital investment of $525 million to $575 million and increased R&D expenses of $300 million to $330 million. These investments will develop the next generation of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks and enhance PACCAR's diesel and alternative powertrain technologies and add additional capacity and efficiency to the company's manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. During the third quarter, we repurchased $59 million of PACCAR stock, with $241 million remaining of the $300 million authorization approved by the PACCAR board in July. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: Any other thing we're doing is we're making sure that the customers are putting deposits down on vehicles so we understand the relationship to the customers well enough to know when is a serious order or not a serious order. So we're carefully managing the firmness of the backlog.
Harrie Schippers: And we have a price again in place for the first half of next year for North America. And like we said the backlog is already extending into the second half of next year. So with the pricing, cancellation fees, we feel clearly confident that dealers will only put in those orders that they really need.
Harrie Schippers: Yeah. When I was over there several weeks ago at Preston I met with the team and really had a good discussion about of what the range of outcomes could be. And so we are prepared to manage that whatever the outcome might be.
Harrie Schippers: Yes. I think there's a growing sentiment that maybe the diesel with a zero emission hybrid capability may be the best economic solution for those inner-city applications where you need that zero emission requirement as opposed to a full electric option, which - it's just the batteries and the weight are still present and absent a break through that - to the economic case is a bit challenging.
Michael Barkley: Yes. We have a couple of positive one-time items in the quarter that we don't expect to repeat. So you should expect a range of 22% to 23% going forward.
Michael Barkley: Yeah. As long as the freight demand is there and we're at record levels of freight activity in both North America and Europe that obviously provides a great opportunity for our customers to earn a profit. And we're seeing the past dues continue to be at about 50 basis points really historical low levels. So, there's nothing that we see in the near term that is going to impact the performance of the portfolio. We've - our teams continue to exercise very prudent credit underwriting and taking advantage of data analytics tools to continue to enhance the capability on the way forward.
Michael Barkley: Right. You'll probably notice that in Europe our deliveries were up 14%, 15% and truck revenues were down and that's mostly due to we had more truck sales that were deferred because they were associated with guaranteed residual value contracts, which resulted in us deferring the sales revenues over the term of the residual value guarantee, and so that just worked out this quarter to be in effect that was noticeable.
