Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 48,100 trucks during the first quarter and anticipate second quarter deliveries to be around 48,000. PACCAR achieved excellent truck parts and other gross margins of 19% in the first quarter. We anticipate second quarter margins to be strong and in the range of 18% to 18.5%. And PACCAR Parts had an outstanding first quarter with price gross margins of 32.5%. We estimate Parts sales to grow by 4% to 6% in the second quarter following last year's record performance.  PACCAR Parts' excellent long-term growth reflects the benefits of investments in transportation solutions that increase vehicle uptime and convenience for customers. PACCAR aftermarket Parts business provides strong profitability through all phases of the business cycle. PACCAR Parts has 19 parts distribution centers or PDCs worldwide, and is expanding its global distribution network with the construction of a new PDC in Germany, which will open this year. PACCAR Financial Services benefited in the first quarter from excellent portfolio quality.  Pretax income was $114 million. Used truck prices have normalized. With its largest portfolio, and superb credit quality, PACCAR  Financial is having another good year. PACCAR achieved an industry-leading return on invested capital of 28% in the first quarter.  In 2024, we're planning capital investments in the range of $700 million to $750 million and R&D expenses in the range of $460 million to $500 million as we continue to invest in key technology and innovation projects. These include clean diesel combustion engines, battery and hydrogen electric powertrains, advanced driver assistance systems and new connected vehicle services. PACCAR  is also investing in manufacturing capacity to support future growth, including expansions at Kenworth, Peterbilt, PACCAR Mexico, and DAF in Brazil and Europe. We're also investing in a new PACCAR engine remanufacturing facility in Columbus, Mississippi and in the new battery joint venture. We expect 2024 to be an excellent year. Thank you. We're pleased to answer your questions. 
Harrie Schippers: Sure. I think, Tami. The spread over the geographies will be very similar to the first quarter. I don't think we expect too many big changes. I think Europe, North America, the rest of the world should be at similar levels, more or less, some variation, of course, but pretty close. 
Harrie Schippers: Robert, starting on the interest rate. So higher interest rates, of course, make trucks more expensive to lease for many of our customers. So it does have some impact there. But please also bear in mind that customers are buying a new truck today, they replace a 3 or 4 year old truck and that new truck comes with significant better fuel efficiency somewhere in the 7% to 12% range. So that offsets some of those higher interest rate payments. But of course, you're right, our customers would like lower interest rates, they always do. 
Harrie Schippers: And if I may add there, Preston, that the 2027 emissions that we will see nationwide, what CARB is doing this year is already very similar in 2024. And we will launch a PACCAR engine in California that meets their requirements this year. So we'll get -- we'll know exactly which technology to apply there. 
Harrie Schippers: Coming off -- we're also coming off a record quarter in last year. First quarter of 2023 was record quarter for DAF in Europe, and so a lot of that what Preston's talking about the fuel economy benefits and the great performance of the new truck. So the comps are getting a little bit more difficult, too, there. 
R. Feight: Sure. Happy to do that. First off, if you look at our inventory, it's really less than 3 months of inventory in the Class 8 side of it, when the industry is a little bit higher than us. One of the things to think about when you consider PACCAR's inventories are strong vocational market share. If you think about the fact that a vocational truck takes maybe 6 months longer to put into service, it means there's additional time. So the stronger vocational market has a natural cadence to increasing inventory. But overall, our inventory is in very good shape, and our market share is increasing. So we saw market share growth from 4Q to 1Q. We expect that we have the right mix of build and a healthy inventory. All feels pretty good. 
R. Feight: Yes, sure, happy to delve in that. First of all, the adjustment is a small adjustment and a midpoint of 270,000, we think, is a great market in North America. But also I think what you're seeing, we're reflecting as PACCAR is that we're continuing to demonstrate that our business is structurally stronger, that the margins are higher, that our market share is increasing in the U.S. and Canada, both in heavy duty and medium duty.  And so we feel good about the way the market is going for PACCAR, which is obviously a place we know the most about, and we feel very good about it. 
R. Feight: Yes, I think so. If we look at it and you said, we already mentioned the strong vocational market and the strong LTL market in our comments. And we do see the Truckload segment having continued softness, and you heard that in some of the public companies calls -- think that's balanced against the fact that at some point, they want to stay on their cadence of buying and that cadence is going to need to continue. So that's why we think the market is good for 2024. And then we would expect '25 and '26 to start to look even more positive as we head into the 2027 emission cycle. 
R. Feight: Yes. We have good fill in the second quarter, substantially full through all markets and filling nicely into the third quarter now. 
R. Feight: But as a percentage of their total just out in what Harrie's saying, it's a percentage of the total business for them, it's not that significant. And I think we also look at it and say, like interest rates are in pretty normal levels from a long-term history standpoint. So with the economy moving along nicely with economic growth expected, we think it should be a good year. 
R. Feight: Sure. Great topic for us. And you think about it, we have over 40% share in the vocational market between Kenworth and Peterbilt. It's -- I mean, this is not a perfect number, but it's roughly 25% of the total market. Obviously, it varies plus or minus, and is exceptionally strong right now. Backlog is effectively full for that market through much of the year. We're kind of stacked up at body builders. So that bodes well for Kenworth and Peterbilt for the balance of the year and going forward. And we think just as you look at the infrastructure spending in the country, and that's continuing to happen, and it's going to continue to be strong for us. 
R. Feight: Yes, I do. I think, obviously, the future is unknowable caveat that for you. But I would say that when you look at the buying cycle and trucks are being run and the fact that people are sensitive to those emissions changes, that it should help '25 and '26 be very strong years for the industry. And I think the question that everybody is kind of trying to figure out is when will that start and how significant will that initiation point begin. So for right now, what we look at is the trucks we're producing are the best trucks we've ever built. They have great efficiency, and they're not only great new trucks, but they're also great used trucks in a few years. So between that spot, the '25 and '26 strengthening market, I think, all feels really good. 
R. Feight: You bet, Jamie. There's a lot of questions in there, but it's good to hear you. So I'd say to start with on the truck side, the price versus cost is 3 and 3. And on the Parts side, price is 3 and cost is 2. So that kind of helps you there kind of expect something maybe in a similar range going forward through the course of the year. That all, of course, leads into your questions on margin and I look at the margins.  One of the things we're really proud of our people at PACCAR are creating these great trucks, these great parts business systems because it is delivering these structurally stronger margins for everyone. Really happy with how that's going. The fact that we delivered a 19% margin in a time when there's a truckload carriers are a bit softer, feels really positive. And the fact that we shared with you the second quarter looks like 18% and 18.5%, really strong margins for the company, which is showing that we can demonstrate excellent performance through all parts of the business cycle. Really pleased with the team for what they're doing. 
R. Feight: Well, I think that right now, if I get with you, Chad, it's that what we're seeing is truckload sector, people want to keep buying trucks. They're concerned about getting aged inventory. They want to stay on buying cycle. I think that there is capacity out there, obviously. It's a very normal cycle is what it feels like right now, a healthy normal cycle. And their question is, when does this thing turn and when do they need to make sure that they're continuing to get their orders placed. So the conversations are their interest in the future and what's that going to look like? Is it 3 months from now, 6 months from now, a year from now, that they need to make sure they have acquired the capital and the trucks that they need. 
R. Feight: On our product strategy? Let's share it. First of all, again, a shout out to the team, what they've accomplished. There are a couple of things I'd like to mention on that. One is from a product strategy standpoint, we just introduced the new model 589 at Peterbilt in January, which is a fantastic new truck, an iconic truck.  It's doing really well in the market. So it's just part of our continued rollout of new products. The new medium-duty products in North America are doing exceptionally well. We see the market share continuing to grow. End of last year, we're at 14.5%, gone to 17% and medium duty with really strong margin performance. And then if I think more broadly about strategies of product introductions, we're continuing to develop new trucks, new engines, new alternative energy capability so that we have a very capable powertrain portfolio to handle the emissions changes that are coming forward and the uncertainty, frankly, that the industry will experience with regulations. So it feels like PACCAR is very well positioned to handle anything that comes forward at us. 
R. Feight: I wouldn't try to read it for the full year that way. And then I think the U.S. Canada, the delivery schedule seems really solid and stable for us right now. We've again, the thing I would want to remind is a 270,000 truck market at the midpoint, it's a very nice market. And with PACCAR share increasing, that feels positive to us. 
R. Feight: Well, I think what we shared is we're filling the third quarter right now. And so obviously, you and everyone else is watching the second half of the year to see what happens. And I think it's a little bit too much of a prognostication to guess what Q4 is going to be, but the math says it should be a good year. Our order intake looks like should be a good year. The truck performance is good. The margin performance is good. So we feel like it all adds up to as far as the story can go, really positive outlook. 
R. Feight: Well, I think they're obviously paying attention to what it's going to be. Nobody knows what those new prices are going to be yet. There's lots of speculation out there. It's a bit early for the speculation, I think, other than to know the emission standards are going to be requiring additional aftertreatment changes to the engines and different capabilities on the, and just to manage the aftertreatment.  So with those, there's going to be costs and I think at any time, throughout the years the customers pay attention closely to that. So I think as we already shared, they kind of feel like they'd like to get their orders in a steady way and also kind of avoid any kind of point of disruption around the introduction of the new emission cycle. So that's what's going to pull forward the '25 and '26 purchases, I think. 
R. Feight: Sure, Jeff. Thanks for the opening comment also. You nailed it. I already think as you typically do is like if you look at the vocational markets, the truck prices are high there. And I would also say that the mix between North America to Europe is a contributing factor. 
David Raso: I'm curious about Europe. The deliveries for the first half of the year, it looks like you're planning to be down around 31% and the market guide, your midpoint is down 18%. You didn't change the guide for the industry. Just wanted to get your thoughts on, is that level of delivery clearing out inventory? Or just trying to understand your considerations of lowering the European industry guide when you're going through these numbers. Just trying to get a sense of how you view that market the rest of the year. 
David Raso: Yes. I mean the comp does ease in the fourth quarter, too. I'm just trying to get a sense of should we expect deliveries to be that far below your industry outlook for most of the year in Europe. Again, I know the fourth quarter gets easier. And then... 
David Raso: Yes. I think we're just trying to figure out if like U.S. Canada first half of the year, deliveries are up 8%, but we're looking for Class 8 as an industry to be down 9% medium is some offset, but we're just trying to get a sense of like the second half of the year, how much does the U.S.-Canada build schedule come down? And that's sort of what we're trying to... 
David Raso: Yes. At least the mix is favoring you with the vocational strength given your position in that market. 
