Preston Feight: Yes, Steve, good question. It’s something that we’re all looking at obviously. You think about the way the industry is working right now. There is an undersupply of semiconductors globally, that does affect the truck industry as well. It was what we – why we delivered 42,000 trucks in the first quarter, and I’m so proud of the teams all throughout PACCAR who brought that up from 40,000 to 42,000. So, nice job by all of them is really good work. We do expect that the undersupply will continue in the second quarter, and then begin to improve as we get into the second part of the year. So that could have some impact on our deliveries as we’re in the second quarter and that’s reflected in the flat deliveries for the second quarter.
Preston Feight: I think both of the markets are performing really well. Our customers are doing well. The economy is doing well. Utilization is high. Free tonnage is good. Spot rates are up. So, I think we see a good economy. There’s strong order intake. We’ve had 42% of the orders in the first quarter for Kenworth and Peterbilt in North America. So great order intake. We have a strong percentage of the backlog, 32% of the backlog. And so our confidence is pretty good that the industry will be able to have the demand for the products and probably build will be constrained by the supply as we look at the year.
Preston Feight: Thanks for the question, Jerry. I mean, we are really excited about this year in terms of product launches. I can’t remember year we’ve had quite so many new product introductions, new T680 and Model 579, or one beautiful, but from a performance standpoint, up to 7%. Fuel-efficiency is going to mean a lot to our customers. So that’s going to be good for the business as well. Medium-Duty product is a brand new cab and tire new platform. It’s a fantastic truck, both for Class 5, 6 and 7 markets for Peterbilt and Kenworth. And there is a higher degree of automation in the product. So it has more robotic assembly, which is good for us, good for quality, and good for our customers. And there is more proprietary part count in the medium-duty and heavy-duty trucks as well. So that’s all really good things for I think everyone.
Preston Feight: I can’t really flesh that out for you in simple. Maybe if we were together, we could spend some time thinking about it. But I think it’s a more complicated and simple answer, Jerry.
Preston Feight: The biggest thing with ecommerce is really that the world is changing, as we all know and have experienced especially in the past year and we have a great new ecommerce system in place which makes it very easy for people to order parts, find like parts in the – in models or even for other OEs parts. You can do that in your handheld device. You can do it in your laptop. And so the system is fantastic and that’s what’s causing the growth and up to 30% increase we’ve seen in ecommerce sales. So, we just see that as a foundation to what we’re doing, and it is continuing to grow as part of the business. And we think, it’s just – it’s a convenience and strength for the Parts business in general.
Preston Feight: I’d start by saying we have a great set of supply base partners for us and around the world. They do an amazing job of trying to supply PACCAR and supplying PACCAR. This specific issue semiconductors comes back to just a handful. And so it’s in that handful that we have our concentration, and they’re located around the world. And we’re working closely with our first-tier suppliers and our second-tier suppliers on this, and looking for ways to solve problems, and we’ve come up with some good solutions. And we keep working for the future to get it all put behind us.
Preston Feight: That’s great. Yes, it’s fine. To begin with on your EU, North America question on the semiconductors, I would say that there isn’t really any differentiation, this all kind of can come back to the really just a handful of suppliers that make wafers and then those translate out into another handful of suppliers who make semiconductors and those are distributed globally for all industries, obviously. I know you’re really well aware of how the auto and truck industry both are using those components and are affected by it. And we don’t see differentiation between the EU and North America. It’s really about which chipset is used in whichever vehicle and that’s ubiquitous across markets. From a cost standpoint, that second part of your question. Certainly there’s, raw materials impacts in cost recently, without steel or aluminum. That’s also true on resins, as we saw in the first quarter, which affect plastics. There is good backlog across PACCAR in the industry. And so we do start to see pricing advantage in that. And we think that it’s kind of balanced well right now.
Preston Feight: You bet, David. From an inventory standpoint, as we think about it, inventory is relatively tight. Right now the industry is at 1.9 months, we’re at 1.7 months. I wouldn’t expect to see a lot of change in that through the year given the demand that’s out there for product. So, I think we would enter 2022 and kind of a similar fashion. As I mentioned earlier, there’s a strong economy, they’re strong truck markets, and in working with our customers they have, they have the desire for our great trucks that we just have introduced. So, we see that carrying through, I think, because there is limitations and build in the first half of the year. It’s rational to think that there is a lift in parts, just because people are running their trucks for longer periods of time. And that’s advantageous to us. And I also think that it has to do with the great systems a team has built I mean, I probably can’t overstate how stronger job our team has done putting in distribution centers that are close to our dealers, making it easy for people to get parts the same day building this ecommerce system, introducing TRP parts and stores, which serves the all-make market very well, plus all those factors are important in the performance of the record setting performance or parts team delivered.
Preston Feight: I would – let me take your second part first, and I think the biggest percentage of the parts performance is the team and the business of parts and our dealers, and relationships with our customers. I think that’s overwhelming. I couldn’t quite quantify beneath that. So and then from your first part of your question on inventory, I think that inventory is less than normal. But, it’s not an order of magnitude less, it’s just less, so it’s probably a fair enough way to characterize it, David.
Preston Feight: Yes, that’s probably fair to look at it, it will depend a lot on where we – if we have spot shortages of parts that would have some impact, but for your generalization, yes, I agree with you.
Preston Feight: Sure, I’ll ask you. I’ll take the second part of your question. We had some cutting out on the first part of your question, if you can ask that, again, after we go through this one. But as we began with, as we look at the margin performance, we’re really pleased with the year-over-year growth and the sequential growth that we experienced in gross margins and teams are doing a good job in that. We think is a situation gets resolved in supply bases and gets ameliorated in the second half of the year, then we will see improvements in margin. We have build capacity, and we think that there’ll be just instructional for all of us to think of margins improving in the second half. And then if you could help me back with the first part of your question.
Preston Feight: Well, I think there’s two questions in there. One is the shape of the cycle and then one is electrification strategy. I’d say on the – where we’re at in the performance of the truck market is, I think we’re just at the beginning of a really nice steady growth in the truck market, things are going well, our business is doing well, customers are doing well. And just to complement that, and in a very important complement as these great new trucks we’re introducing, the new medium-duty and the new heavy-duty trucks are going to be fantastic for our customers. So, I think that’s going to help PACCAR in the coming months and years actually. So, I would say that’s an important story. The second part of your question was around electrification, and I would say that there, we have great products. We outlined a little bit that in earnings release on share with you that our thoughts are – as we have partnerships with CATL. And we have partnerships with Romeo Power and battery pack production, cell production for us, which gives us an array of different technologies we can put into battery electric vehicles. That’s important, because that enables us to meet different applications for customers. Some people will use a truck for one, eight hours a day and then park it overnight and can charge it overnight, others want multiple charge cycles in a day that requires different battery types. So, we have that capability built into our systems, which will give us a strong product offering, that product offering will enable us to meet the demands of California, the 15 states or anything else, whether it’s port drayage, medium-duty or heavy-duty trucks.
Preston Feight: Sure, I think that we do feel there’s real underlying strength in the orders. We work closely with our customers and our dealers, these are personal relationships, and we know them all. And we pay close attention to what that, what their needs are. So yes, we definitely have a clear eye on their needs, and the backlog.
Preston Feight: Sure. On the strategy standpoint, we have a great partnership with Aurora. They’re really strong to work with, and we’re enjoying that early on. Our teams are together all the time. Our leadership teams are together talking about how we’re going to develop these vehicles, and they’re very complicated vehicles, we’d all understand that. We also continue to have good partnerships with the other startups in the valley, others that are using our production working with us on developing autonomous platforms. So, our strategy is to work with the best of the best, and to contribute an autonomous vehicle platform, which has a lot of technology in it. And then we would provide that to the market space. And that market space would be able to end up relying eventually on PACCAR’s product lines and autonomous vehicle platforms in partnership with the autonomous driver to help our customers out and we think it’s really going to work well. As far as predicting revenue streams, I feel like it’s a little bit early for that. I feel like there’s a lot of development work. There’s a lot of regulations, societal work, that needs to be taken care of first and I think we should let that sort itself out before making projections that are sure to be wildly wrong at this point.
Preston Feight: On the COVID cost side, Jamie, I think those costs as a percentage have definitely come down over the quarters, and we expect those costs to continue to come down. We do see some more expense last quarter, and probably also in the second quarter associated with the undersupply of certain components, and the inefficiency that those costs. And then going forward, we’ll also have some startup costs for the new products. But those new products will definitely generate stronger margins for us going forward.
Preston Feight: I think we kind of tried to talk about that. I think we feel like, we know the customers well work with them and feel like the order board is solid. I mean, this is good backlog. I mean, we have confidence in it.
Preston Feight: So, think about it, I mean, we mentioned that we’re starting to price realization that’s occurring, and we would expect that to continue through the year. And that’s generally how we think about it.
Preston Feight: I think that that for us right now, it’s simply about getting the right semiconductor supply in the second quarter. And as that stabilizes, we’ll see builds increase. And that’s how we’re thinking about it good order book, good backlog, great production teams, did a good job able to raise production in the first quarter over the fourth. And we think that that’s kind of the trend for the year.
Preston Feight: Yes. If I think when I look at it, if I think about the third quarter in our confidence recovery, you’d have to put into construct the fact that there have been a couple unique circumstances in the first quarter, there was a storm in Texas, which took two plants down in the Austin area. And so that’s a big impact. And then there was a fire at a supplier in Japan that had a big impact. So, as those facilities are able to recover, that will certainly be held. And I think that there’s also been a lot of good work by the way for manufacturers and understanding the need. So those together, along with their suppliers, forecasts, gives us confidence that we’ll see improvement into the third and fourth quarters, I don’t think tightness is going to be eliminated, but I just anticipate that there’ll be improvements.
Preston Feight: And then second part of your question, you asked about procurement practices and Harrie just said we do a good job with forecasting, we also do a good job of working with the second tier suppliers in our needs, so that we can have good supply.
Preston Feight: We have great partnerships and our transmission suppliers around the world. And this will be a – this is a fully automatic transmission, the torque converter in it. So that’s going to be a great help for our customers. It goes up to 1000 foot pounds of torque, 380 horsepower, so it fits perfectly into the medium-duty space. It’ll give us the aftermarket part stream that is really advantageous to us. And it allows us to integrate into the power train in a very efficient way to help optimize performance for our customer. So, all that together is good for PACCAR and good for our customers.
Preston Feight: I guess you could build that scenario, but no, we don’t. This to be simple with that we don’t see that happening. We see their strong demand for the trucks. We see their strong demand for our use trucks as well, which means that there is a need for freight movement and the economy is doing well, which means people are buying things and that is likely to continue. So, our premium trucks could use truck business, good order board. All bodes well for a steady good future.
Preston Feight: We look at all options. We don’t have a single strategy. And we just take the best approach that we think is going to provide the best returns for our customers and bring the right technologies to bear with the right economies of scale on a global level.
Preston Feight: Rob, I think it’s a little hard to characterize that I think the teams are moving things around. And we’re talking with suppliers. So as there’s parts that come available, and they’ve done a good job of finding parts, and we’re able to increase the cadence of delivery and other times we’ve – having to moderate that. And so it’s hard to get to in a monthly basis.
Preston Feight: No, no, it’s not. It’s just depends upon the chip and the supplier and where it sits. And then things coming back, maybe a way to think about it for is, these things come in batches as they’re produced. So, you might get a batch of parts, which alleviates the supply constraint then you might be tight for a little while somewhere else. So, think of it more like that. But it’s not a continuous flow.
Preston Feight: Question, I think it’s going to evolve overtime to be higher content as we move along as volumes increase, and economies of scale make sense to do that. So, we have great partners, and that’s working really well at the end. We talked previously about 100s of trucks into the 1000s of trucks and as it grows then we’ll see probably higher prepared content come along with it.
