Ron Armstrong: Good morning. I first want to thank the investors and analysts who participated in our investor conference in Eindhoven in May, the DAF employees and the PACCAR team were proud to share DAF's world-class facilities and innovative products and services. PACCAR's pleased to report outstanding financial results for the second quarter of 2018. PACCAR achieved record quarterly sales and Financial Services revenues of 5.81 billion and strong net income of $560 million a 9.6 after-tax return on revenue. Revenues were 23% higher and net income was 50% higher compared to the second quarter last year. PACCAR Parts generated record revenues and record pretax profits of $195 million, its sixth consecutive record profit quarter. PACCAR achieved excellent truck parts and other gross margins of 15%, driven by industry leading products and services, robust global truck and aftermarket parts demand and strong operational performance. I am extremely proud of our 27,000 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered a record 46,400 trucks during the second quarter 5% more than the first quarter this year. U.S. and Canada Class 8 industry truck orders and finals -- in the first six months of 2018 were more than double the orders in the first half of last year. DAF achieved record market share of 16.5% year to date this year. DAF's above 16 ton orders were 26% higher in the first half of 2018 compared to the same period last year. PACCAR's forecast for the European above 16 ton market is a range of 300,000 to 320,000 units reflecting strong freight and truck demand and a good economic outlook. We expect to deliver slightly more trucks in the third quarter this year compared to the second quarter. Deliveries will be higher in North America, partially offset by fewer bill days in Europe due to the normal summer shutdown. Second-half gross margins for truck parts and other will be similar to the first half. The U.S. economy's growth is driving record freight tonnage. Customers are operating at high utilization levels and are expanding their fleets. We estimate the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales to be in a range of 265,000 to 285,000 vehicles this year. PACCAR Parts quarterly pretax income of 195 million was 29% higher than a year ago. Pretax return on revenue was an excellent 20.1%. PACCAR Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $968 million, 18% higher than in the same quarter of last year. These results were driven by the growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation. PACCAR’s investment in distribution centers and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts and our dealers. For the year, we expect parts sales to increase by 13% to 15%. PACCAR Financial Services, second quarter pre-tax income was $72 million, 16% higher than second quarter last year. The PACCAR financial portfolio performed very well. Used truck industry demand in the U.S. has increased, boosting used truck prices by 5% to 10% compared to last year. PACCAR strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest $3 billion in new products and facilities in the last five years. This year, capital expenditures of $425 million to $475 million and research and development expenses of $300 million to $320 million are targeted for new truck models, integrated powertrains including electric, hybrid and hydrogen fuel cell technologies and new product technologies for advanced driver assistance systems and truck connectivity. At our investor event in May, we were pleased to have the DAF CF Electric and Hybrid trucks available for the attendees to drive. In May, PACCAR's Board of Directors increased PACCAR's regular quarterly dividend by 12% and $0.28 per share and earlier this month, authorized an additional 300 million share repurchase program. PACCAR is realizing the benefits of strong truck markets worldwide and is delivering the highest quality products and services in the industry. Thank you. And I’d be pleased to answer your questions.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, new truck pricing is up a bit and that seemed commodity costs move up a bit during the course of the year. And our pricing, our sales prices have moved up to offset that and earn a little bit of additional margin. And on the backlog, backlog is strong. We are taking fair number of orders for 2019 build at this point. So, the backlogs are really solid, really almost in all of our markets.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, 15.3. So, almost a share point gain based on first half results. So, DAF had great product introductions in the second half of last year with the new CF, XF and LF -- CF XF won international truck of the year. The feedback in the trade press and from customers has just been outstanding. And so, that's well recognized and that is really that what's driving DAF's excellent performance for the six months this year.
Ron Armstrong: So, I think as we mentioned in our press release, we feel very good about 2019 based on the demand that's in there for our excellent products. Parts business is great. Financial Services has got great new business volume. So, we see no signs of abatement in terms of second half and heading into 2019.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, as I mentioned previously that, as we go up and build rates, it requires really close coordination with all of our suppliers, and as we work through the details of that was -- that was what was able to be delivered. And so, teams are purchasing supplier quality, materials plant guys did a great job of working with our suppliers. And as we mentioned, we will continue to see some upward momentum and build particularly in North America in the third quarter, as we continue to work with our suppliers to support the demand for our customers.
Ron Armstrong: The oil segment really accounts for a small percentage of our total business. Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF all have great products to support the industry, and we're seeing some benefits in that arena. But it's really we're seeing benefits in all areas, so oil is just not a significant piece of the total pie.
Ron Armstrong: Well, I mean if you look at North America, orders are double. And retail sales and production are nowhere near the order intake take rates. And so, the customers' order intake usually is more lumpy than production and retail sales, so it's just balancing longer-term production rates with order intake rates over period of time. So I wouldn't read anything that, but the factory has plenty of capacity in Europe as well. We work closely with our suppliers to support our ability to deliver timely to our customers based on their delivery expectations.
Ron Armstrong: We have long-term relationships with a lot of our customers and I have no idea what they're doing with other makes, but we feel good about the backlog and we're set at this point with good quality long-term customers.
Ron Armstrong: Clearly, we saw the benefits of operating volumes in the quarter. Parts margins were 27.9 in the first quarter, 27.5 in the second quarter. As we look to the second half of the year, we think that the margins for the second half will be comparable to the excellent first half margin, so that 14.5% to 15% range.
Ron Armstrong: So, what we saw on exchange rate is that the benefit of exchange rate added to the margin dollars, but it didn’t affect the margin percentage.
Ron Armstrong: I can't comment on what the competitors. You have obviously seen ours. You have written in ours. So, you have had a chance to take it around the test track, so yes, we will have -- we will display those at the Hanover show.
Ron Armstrong: So, I’d say the share enhancement that is occurred has really been driven by the tractor side DAF. For the first half of this year, it was the -- had a number one tractor in the market in Europe. So, again the CF, XF, the fuel efficiency gains are 7% or so. On average, fuel efficiency gain is really well appreciated by the on highway long-haul customer. So, we did see a bit of a increase in that particular area.
Ron Armstrong: Just general feel, the economy has done -- it's been in growth mode for three or four, five years. And the central bank and others are managing inflation and growth quite prudently, and it's nothing that we see in our radar is going to change the economic outlook for Europe and for the near and mid-term.
Ron Armstrong: No, I think as we look obviously you got to keep the factory running, and so that, that is job one. But the suppliers have done a great job supporting our total business both factories and the aftermarket products business. So, at this point, we're in good shape from a supply support standpoint.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think the early reed is that there is not going to be a significant impact to our business and our expectations for operations based on what we know now. As you know, things can change quickly in that arena.
Ron Armstrong: Most of it is just adding to the first or second shift mostly the second shift operation to support our demands in our factories.
Ron Armstrong: It's consistent with what we typically would see. I mean you are leveraging that fixed cost structure and the supervisory structure and management structure of the facilities, as you go up for sure.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, Brazil, the team as we talked about before has done a great job of having a great product for the market. It's very well received by our customers. We're going to continue to increment production. For the year, we'll probably deliver about twice as many trucks this year as we did last year, which will yield some further share growth I think through mid month roughly at about a 6% share of the above 40 ton market in Brazil. So, team is doing great, you're being able to leverage the fixed costs, and so we'll continue to develop that business. The dealers are doing well and so long-term prospects for Brazil continue to be excellent. You know as you look at other parts of the world Mexico we continue to generate the highest share in our company at 35% or so sure of the heavy market in Mexico. Australia the economy is good, truck demand is good, building trucks at a strong rate in Australia and demand for products outside of our primary markets in places like Russia, Turkey is good, so things are good around the around the world as we sit here today.
Ron Armstrong: So, the share repurchase I mean as you know from time to time we'll buy back shares at the current bargain price. It's quite a deal, so we should be -- should be active in the market. And thinking about the receivables and inventory, as you may or may not recall, we typically close some of the factories down over the Christmas holiday period. And so, inventories and receivables at yearend are lower than they are relative to activity levels than if you could look at the other three quarters of the year. So, we're seeing some effect of that on both of those metrics.
Ron Armstrong: I would say it is pretty much business as usual, but we have had a long history of where suppliers can benefit us and them from if there's a win-win circumstance we are more than happy to make those investments and support suppliers to support PACCAR.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I’d say nothing surprising, but engine parts growth is higher than average because we are growing the part of PACCAR MX engines every day. We are putting 100% of PACCAR engines in DAF vehicles and they are building it at record production rates in Europe. We are putting 40% 45% MX engines in Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks which are at high production rates. And the engine is now been in the field for eight years and so we're starting to see just the ongoing benefits of the engine parts sales. Our teams have just done -- they put together some programs of supporting fleets the TRP stores the e-commerce initiatives all those things are yielding just great results and support for our customers. A big focus with their uptime initiatives to service our customers in the best way in the industry and that's recognized and keeps customers coming back to PACCAR parts on an ongoing basis.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think that's the conservative guys at corporate not listening to the parts guys that what they are going to be able to do. So the parts team is obviously doing a great job, a lot of initiatives ongoing and so we are just -- appreciate that the trends have been and we expect -- we are just being a little bit conservative in terms of our outlook at this point.
Ron Armstrong: Well, I'm just sort of search in my mind, I can't think of currency impacting demand. I think demand is there and currency is impact price realization and our cost from time-to-time, but again nothing significant.
Ron Armstrong: If you look at the orders, again, order backlogs are strong around the globe, and there is a quarter intake as the combination of current year and future year and while the fleets are reserving and spots for next year's build to make sure that get their trucks that they need, and so we are in great shape in that perspective. And from end margin standpoint we've sort of talk about what we expect for the second half and will see what's next year bring.
Ron Armstrong: I think the pricing has been pretty normal in terms of the mix of customers that are in the build as well as in the backlog. So, I don’t think there is any particular mix difference. And on the parts side, pricing is again the competitive margin and we can constantly monitor what's the competitive price that we need to achieve our goals and targets. And the team does a good job of managing that on our ongoing basis. I think just in the 10-Q analysis system we've seen some price realization in the parts business in the first half this year.
Ron Armstrong: I would say from our used truck perspective what you'll see is that, the trucks that are coming back starting now going forward are more of the latest developed trucks, the Euro 6 trucks, the model 2.1 meter trucks in North America which will have some benefit on the our used truck pricing as we move forward.
Ron Armstrong: So, I think it was the second quarter was similar to what we saw in the first quarter, and I think you know without -- I think it'll be similar in the second half of the year.
Ron Armstrong: It's so hypothetical, we don’t really think about that. We know what the current law is. We know what it has been established for greenhouse gas phase 2 for 2021, 2024 and 2027. And we're managing our business to deal with what we know, And so, that's what we're focused on, if something were to change we'd deal with that at the time, but right now we're focused on the laws that exist.
Ron Armstrong: We have great facilities. We have a great place to work. We provide a great salary and benefits package for our employees and so we're fortunate that we're in communities that that's well-recognized and when we typically recruit people to support build rates we don't have any problem increasing our head count to support that.
Ron Armstrong: Well, again, for those transactions, there is typically multiple brands competing and you have to be competitive in the marketplace. So it's what the market will bear.
Ron Armstrong: We are selling -- we sell a lot of trucks outside of European market. So, Russia, Turkey, Africa, Middle East, South America, Australia, so those, the production from Eindhoven and Leyland is not just for the European market is for the globe.
Ron Armstrong: So, we are doing really well in central Europe, Eastern Europe, Poland, Czech Republic, Hungary is where we've grown share significantly, but also markets like Germany France and Spain.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think look at second half the quarter is about to be $75 million to $80 million a quarter and next year I think the pace of spending will be similar to this year.
Ron Armstrong: The truckers strike affected the entire country in terms of shipments, and so yes, parts getting into the factory. There was a week or so where that was a challenge, but those trucks have been made up or being made us as we speak. The Brazilian economy have lots of potential and we're seeing growth this year absent to trucker strike, and the demand from customers is excellent and particularly for the dot product. And so we're optimistic as we mentioned we're going to be increasing our billed rates in the second half of the year. And we hope, if that continued to grow our business in the future.
Ron Armstrong: It's ramping up all the time. It's relatively low numbers relative to their -- our other markets because of the extensive trucks parts, but it's basically increased incrementing every month as more and more trucks get in the field, more and more of our dealers get connected with the all the transport companies and get the service into the shops. So it's an ongoing growth business as we go forward.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think, it feels like it's going to be a good second half and a good start in first half for used trucks as we said here day, but that we will see how it develops.
Ron Armstrong: So if you look at TRP stores and the same stores sales stores that have been in existence for more than 12 months I think the comp is at 20%.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it is difficult to measure market share, but I think clearly our business has grown at a faster rate than the overall industry. And again, I attribute that to all the initiatives that are keen to -- I've put together, if you look over time obviously the volatility of parts is much less than the trucks. And it's the steady revenue and cash flow source day in day out.
Ron Armstrong: I apologize, Mike, I don't have a current sort of assessment of the penetration rate of that transmission with the engine, but it's excellent. I just don't know what that is, so let me -- we'll come back to you on that.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I don't think there's much more demand. You just had to be prepared as the regulatory environment may dictate some level of zero emission vehicles. So, we've been quite active in developing our capabilities and we'll continue to do so. The reality of the price of an electric vehicle is more than two times the cost of a diesel engine. You've got some range issues, weight issues. So, the economic viability of electric is not great. And so -- but you have to be prepared, so I don't think there's going to be a huge demand for electric for hydrogen fuel cell infrastructure and other things. A lot has to happen for that to be any sizable portion of the market the next five or 10 years.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, we just have to manage the vacation period et cetera. This is the most efficient way that managed that vacation period. So it's proven over the years its more vision way. And so, we will be down Europe a couple of thousand trucks and that will be offset plus a little bit North America.
Ron Armstrong: No, we have just completed about $35 million investment in the Columbus engine factory to be able to increase machining capacity by about 40 engines a day. We also completed a similar size investment in Eindhoven to be able to machine MX-11 engines in Eindhoven. So, we are a good shape from engine capacity standpoint for the foreseeable future.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I would say most of that is the broader market and there will be some benefit from the model mix, yes.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, the utilization in the leasing market is excellent with the transportation demand. When there's supplemental capacity needed, the leasing rental trucks, there is a good demand and the leasing business ours as well as our dealers who operate PacLease franchises, they have had a really good year, and orders for lease trucks are up year-on-year. So, that’s been a really good year for PacLease.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it's about -- we have a truck portfolio of around 190,000 trucks and there is 38,000 -- 39,000 trucks in the PacLease operations. So, there is a 20% to 25%.
