Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported improved revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2014. PACCAR's first quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $4.4 billion, and quarterly net income was $274 million and after-tax return on revenues of 6.3%. Net income increased 16% compared to the results generated in the first quarter last year. I'm very proud of our 21,700 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. 2014 marks another major milestone for PACCAR, with Peterbilt celebrating its 75th anniversary. The company's 75-year tradition of excellence and innovation has established an uncompromising focus to deliver the highest levels of product quality, customer satisfaction and return on investment. PACCAR delivered 31,800 trucks during the first quarter, a 4% increase versus the first quarter last year and in line with our expectations. The improvement reflects increased truck deliveries in the U.S. and Canada due to the ongoing replacement of the aging truck population and improving construction in automotive sectors. Looking ahead, we expect to increase truck deliveries in the second quarter by 8% to 10% compared to the first quarter. Second quarter gross margins should be somewhat higher than the first quarter, reflecting the benefits of higher production levels and improved operating efficiency. It is encouraging that housing starts in the U.S. are over 900,000 units, and there's growth in nonresidential construction. Other good economic news is that U.S. auto production should be around 16 million vehicles this year. These positive trends should benefit truck demand in North America. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry truck retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 220,000 to 240,000 units this year, up from 212,000 units in 2013. The stronger market reflects ongoing replacement demand and some expansion in industry fleet capacity due to continued strong freight fundamentals. Industry truck orders for the U.S. and Canada in the first quarter were 80,000 units. Economic news in Europe is trending positively, with GDP growth expectations for this year of 1%. Freight in Germany, as measured by the amount index, has risen 5% compared to the same period last year. Europe's greater than 16-tonne market is projected to be in a range of 200,000 to 230,000 units. Customers in Europe accelerated purchases of Euro 5 vehicles in the second half of last year and are adjusting to the increased prices of Euro 6 trucks. Production of DAF trucks in Brazil is progressing, with production levels expected to increase gradually through 2014. PACCAR's Parts business generated quarterly revenues of $727 million, a 9% increase compared to $667 million in the same quarter of the prior year. PACCAR Parts' quarterly pretax income was $112 million, an increase of 18% compared to the $95 million earned in the first quarter of 2013. The strong results were driven by increased freight tonnage, improved fleet utilization and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $294 million in the first quarter, comparable to a year ago. PACCAR Financial's first quarter pretax income was $86 million compared to $80 million earned a year ago. The improved results benefited from growth in asset balances and excellent portfolio performance. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $2.2 billion in new products and facilities in the last 3 years. PACCAR began production of the new vocational Kenworth T880 and that Peterbilt Model 567 trucks in late 2013. These new vehicles expand PACCAR's offering in the construction, utility and refuse markets and complement the Kenworth T680 and Peterbilt Model 579 on-highway trucks launched in 2012. The launch of the new DAF XF, CF and LF Euro 6 vehicles in 2013 strengthen's DAF's position as the leading provider of integrated transport solutions. PACCAR's capital spending of $300 million to $350 million this year is targeted at enhanced powertrain development and increased operating efficiency of our assembly facilities. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in a range of $200 million to $250 million. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest-quality products and services in the industry and by investing in new geographic regions. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, the Parts business had good growth, I'd say slightly a little bit stronger in the U.S. and Canadian markets compared to some of our other markets, but good growth in really all regions for the quarter. And I think that's evidence of the improving freight conditions that we've seen both in North America and Europe.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Our projection for U.S. and Canada is in the range of 220,000 to 240,000 units. And so we're thinking that the market will progressively improve as we go through the year and we have -- and we talked about our planned production increase of 8% to 10% in the second quarter.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I'd say, on the heavy versus medium, I would say that the increases are comparable across those categories. And in terms of geography, I'd say the increase in the U.S. and Canada is probably a little bit higher than that average percentage, and Europe is a little bit below that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think, as we've progressed through the market, we continue to work closely with our customers and be very competitive in the marketplace, providing the best solutions. You look at things like our industry-leading residual values, allows us to provide a very competitive price to our customers with the lowest operating life cycle costs of any of the manufacturers. And so we can provide a very attractive proposition, and we'll continue to gauge the market and price accordingly.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure, as we transition from Euro 5 to Euro 6, I'd say orders started off in the first quarter, soft in January, we've seen progressive improvement through February and through March, and we discussed some good momentum as we head through the rest of the year so we feel good about DAF's continued strong position in the European market.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, I think Brazilian market does have its challenges but as you mentioned, we're in a startup mode, really focused on getting our production, our distribution network well-established, doing it all right first time, if you will. And so market conditions aren't as significant to us and we'll continue to progress in our build plans, shouldn't affect our plans for 2014.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think, it's a matter of confidence. You look at the customers today and over the past years, there's been a lot of uncertainty about how significant the economic improvements might be and what might the government do. And I think some of the positive things that the government was able to achieve in the fourth quarter last year, with solid budget plans without stopping the government. And so I think people feel better about the ability to support, keeping their trucks active and being able to get fair rates off to get for their business. So I think it's a matter of confidence.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think there is some softness in Mexico. We saw their economic situation was challenging in the second half of last year, but I think we're starting to see some signs of recovery in that market and Australia has been up and down a little bit with the effects of the mining industry, but starting to see some solid business there. So I think we see some of the other markets starting to show some positive signs.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think we see second margins probably improving somewhere in the 20 to 40 basis point range for the second quarter, continue to be able to leverage our cost structure. DAF in the first quarter transitioned its production from roughly 15% Euro 6 vehicles to 80% Euro 6 vehicles. And so that transition now is done, and DAF -- the DAF team did a tremendous job of really transitioning that product line and achieving great production efficiency as they transition. And so we will continue to see -- depends on the market conditions and et cetera, but we're well-positioned to the extent that we're able to continue to increase our production levels, we'll achieve some level of operating efficiency with that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Obviously, first point of investment is back into our products and our services and our facilities to make sure that we can continue to provide the best trucks and the industry leading operating efficiencies that we're accustomed to. Our payout ratio has been in the range that you talked about, but obviously that's a matter that's reviewed and discussed with the board over time. And so we'll continue to monitor that and adjust our capital deployment strategies as we go forward.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We feel good about how the teams performed around the world. In Europe, the Euro 6 product, as I mentioned, was a higher percentage of our deliveries in the first quarter, and with that comes a -- about a 15% average price increase for the price of a Euro 6 truck and we were able to recover that cost increase but the ability to make a margin on that increase was challenging just given the transition in the competitive environment that we were placed with in Europe.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Margins are solid, our teams are doing well and we're competing very well in the marketplace. So we feel good about where we're at in North America with margin-wise.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, we didn't feel like there was enough evidence at this point to raise our outlook because there's a mix of Euro 5 and Euro 6 trucks that are being registered and delivered to customers right now. And so we felt like we'll continue to monitor that as we always do. We'll be smarter in 90 days than we are today, and we'll modify our market estimates as we see fit based on how things develop. But we didn't feel like there's enough evidence, probably, change at this point.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, the MX is 35% to 40% of our build for Kenworth and Peterbilt heavy duty trucks. And we continue to support the production and have all the great shape from a capacity standpoint and lots of opportunity to continue to grow that penetration within our product line.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, so the U.K. and the Netherlands had their -- they follow one set of Euro 5, Euro 6 transition rules. The other markets followed a different set and so you saw in the first quarter registrations, the U.K. the Netherlands were down and those were markets where DAF has a market leadership presence and on the continent, Germany, France, Spain, had increases again because they had different transition rules for Euro 6. So I think we'll see that the Europe -- or that the U.K. and the Netherlands will accelerate in terms of total market because U.K. economy is good and the Dutch economy is starting to show signs of improvement as well.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, I think that's probably what you should think about it. The SG&A numbers will be comparable to a little bit down, maybe as you progressed through the rest of the year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Our expectation is for overall production to be up 8% to 10% in the second quarter compared to first with slightly above average -- above that average in the U.S. and Canada and slightly below that average in Europe.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Again remember that the Euro 6 vehicles, the average sales price for a Euro 6 truck is about 15% higher than a Euro 5 vehicle. So that's part of the equation.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I mean, there's not an incremental margin on the Euro 6 pricing as we said here today. As we progress through the year, the market improves, it could be an opportunity.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it's still to come. It's obviously the more engines we have in the part, the more opportunity we have for parts sales. But that's still developing, that part is up to 55,000 engines that we've put into Peterbilt and Kenworth vehicles. And so it's a great story but one that there's still a lot more upside as we progress.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, I don't think so. Obviously, we're in the startup mode in Brazil but I think it's -- we feel good about where we're at and the margins are solid.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I mean, I guess, we've seen that trend with fewer owner operators, more fleet buyers in the market over the last 5, 6, 7 years, will it continue or is it to a point where it's about where it's going to be, I don't know but we're ready to be able to flex to whatever -- however, the market evolves. I think we've seen customers being very prudent in their purchasing habits over the last 2 or 3 years, as there's been uncertainty. Will that lead to less volatility? I don't know. But clearly, I think buyers of trucks have exercised restraint, if you will, as they lack the clarity of their ability to put trucks into operation and maintain those, and I think we're seeing improved confidence in that realm. And so, as backlogs get extended whether that changes, we'll see how that develops.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we continue to be the leader in the natural gas business, but it continues to be very much a niche market. It's probably 1% to 2% of our production, is what we see and what the industry is seeing. And so as we look forward for the near future, it will continue to be a niche market, one that we're prepared to serve, but not a major element.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Obviously Peterbilt and Kenworth have some great new products that they've launched in the last 6 to 18 months and those markets have -- gained great acceptance with our customers. As we continue to add additional features and elements that the market expects, then we'll continue to grow that. So Peterbilt and Kenworth are in great shape. Market share has been very consistent over the last 2 or 3 years and we think there's more upside as they continue to get more customers in these new trucks.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I mean, it's really dependent on the market conditions. And so if there's a improvement in market demand, that opportunity can present itself. But if you recall in 2010, it's a big increase, and it takes a while to work through that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So I think we talked about Europe, that the pricing is up, consistent with the additional content that's added with Euro 6 and in North America. We're looking at small price realization enhancements as the market allows but it's a very competitive -- it's always competitive, I mean, that's the nature of our business and there's -- you always look to have the best value looking at the opportunity to provide your customers the best transportation solution and that includes operating costs, residual values, and we think we have a great solution for our customers.
Robert J. Christensen: This is Bob Christensen. So the impact of productions with our new models, at Kenworth and Peterbilt, is about 50% new model production. Of course, DAF is almost 100% with our new Euro 6. With respect to the vocational market, we're seeing strong growth in the overall market, and both Kenworth and Peterbilt have high penetration levels. And so we're selling a lot more vocational trucks than we have over the last 3 or 4 years, and that's good for PACCAR and good for our customers.
Robert J. Christensen: So the Parts business will start slow in Brazil and will build out over a long period of time. Certainly, the all-makes program that you refer to is an important part of our strategy. We have 20 dealer locations in Brazil, and they are all beginning to sell both trucks and parts. But it's going to be a slow ramp-up over the next several quarters, if not years.
Robert J. Christensen: Yes, as we look at specific things that we're doing, and we continue to invest strongly in our products and our services. And so, as we look at where we're at and where we're going, just felt like we're probably going to be at the lower end of those prior ranges as we look forward, there's a lot of things that we're looking at, as we go forward to maintain a strong, steady flow of new products and services and keep improving our warehouse and plant operating efficiency.
Robert J. Christensen: I think as we look for I think -- as we see here today, that the margin this year will be comparable over the prior year but that will depend on how the markets progress, how the pricing situation progresses, et cetera, so there's a lot of variables in that equation.
Robert J. Christensen: I don't have those numbers lined up in front of me but -- so I think as we look at our R&D spending range, or SG&A, so we feel second quarter we'll see numbers comparable to the first quarter in those areas. And so I think -- the operating margin probably, would be in terms of trend, similar to what the gross margin has trended from first to second quarter.
Robert J. Christensen: It's always competitive. In all markets. It's what we do. And so we have great new products and great dealers and excited employees and we're pushing ahead and making inroads with new fleets that are appreciating the new Kenworth and Peterbilt models. And, but, for as long as I've been here, it's always competitive.
