Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and earnings for the third quarter of 2016. PACCAR's third quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $4.2 billion, and third quarter net income was $346 million, a strong 8.1% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR achieved excellent Truck, Parts and Other gross margins of 14.7% driven by Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF's premium products, a robust European truck market, strong part sales and rigorous cost control. Kenworth and Peterbilt achieved record quarterly Class 8 market share of 31% in the U.S. and Canada. DAF increased year-to-date heavy-duty market share in Europe to 15.6%. PACCAR's increasing its investments and delivering new products and technologies, as reflected in the recent introduction of the new PACCAR axle, enhancements to PACCAR MX engines, and the DAF Connect Telematics System. I'm very proud of our 23,000 employees who've delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. This year marks the 20th anniversary of PACCAR's acquisition of DAF Trucks. Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF have achieved great synergies together. DAF has grown its market share from 9% to 15.6% in the last 20 years. DAF sells trucks, engines, and aftermarket parts in over 100 countries worldwide. DAF's expertise in powertrain development contributed to the production of PACCAR MX engines in North America and 47% MX engine penetration in Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks. PACCAR delivered 34,900 trucks during the third quarter. Deliveries in Europe were 4% higher than last year's third quarter. The deliveries in the U.S. and Canada, reflecting a lower market, partially offset by strong share growth. We've raised our 2016 forecast for Europe's greater than 16-tonne market to a range of 290,000 units to 300,000 units, reflecting strong demand in a steady economy. The eurozone's GDP growth for this year is 1.5%, with 2017 projected at a similar level. Freight transport activity on German highways is up 3% year-to-date compared to the same period last year. And we expect the 2017 European heavy truck market to be another excellent year in a range of 260,000 units to 290,000 units. The U.S. economy is growing 1.5% this year as well. U.S. housing starts will grow 6% to 1.2 million units, and the automotive industry will deliver 17.2 million vehicles, comparable to last year's record sales. Our estimate of retail sales for this year's U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck market is a range of 215,000 units to 225,000 units. For 2017, economists are forecasting higher GDP growth of 2.2%, an increase in housing starts of 8%, and strong auto sales of 17.1 million units. Industrial production is expected to grow nearly 2% next year, which should be good news for the truck industry. We estimate U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales will be in a range of 200,000 units to 230,000 units in 2017. PACCAR global truck deliveries in the fourth quarter are estimated to be about 5% lower than the third quarter, due to more holidays and slightly lower build rates in North America. This is partially offset by higher build rates and more production days in Europe. Truck, Parts and Other gross margins in the fourth quarter are forecast to be 50 basis points to 100 basis points lower than the third quarter. PACCAR Parts business generated quarterly revenues of $765 million. Parts quarterly pre-tax income was $338 million, with an excellent pre-tax return on revenue of 18.1%. These results were driven by the growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation, an expanding network of TRP stores, and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts and our dealers. PACCAR Financial Services third quarter pre-tax income was $71 million. Excellent portfolio performance contributed to the good results. During the quarter, PACCAR Financial enhanced its technology leadership with the introduction of a mobile sales and credit system, which allows customers and dealers to complete a loan application, receive an expedited credit decision, and electronically sign a contract on a mobile device. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and cash flows have enabled the company to invest over $6 billion in new products, technologies and facilities in the last 10 years. PACCAR estimates capital spending of $375 million to $400 million, and R&D expenses of $240 million to $250 million this year. In 2017, we forecast increased capital investments of $375 million to $425 million, and increased R&D expenses of $270 million to $300 million. These investments will enhance PACCAR's integrated powertrain, deliver advanced driver assistance and truck connectivity technologies, and add additional capacity and efficiency to the company's manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. I think as we look forward comparing the second half of this year to the first half of this year, we think that we'll see 2% to 4% growth during that period. And as we think about next year with the increasing number of PACCAR engines that are in the field and (8:35) with our customers, we've sold over 100,000 MX engines so far, I think we feel that next year's Parts revenue growth we'd continue to see somewhere in the 2% to 4% revenue growth range.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we have – 75% to 80% of our purchases are under long-term agreements with our suppliers. Many of those have adjustment clauses that spread the effects of material cost movements over time. And I would say that the effect today has been pretty nominal.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we have a discussion with the board during the course of the fourth quarter and the board will evaluate a lot of factors and that decision will be made in our upcoming board meeting. So, if you look at the payout ratio over time it's typically been in the 40% to 50% of net income.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think the used prices both in North America and Europe during the third quarter were relatively stable, so not much movement during the quarter.
Ronald E. Armstrong: This year, we think, hopefully will be the bottom of this cycle and we expect to see some positive movement. I think the country is taking some really positive moves with some of the fiscal actions. So, we're optimistic that the market will improve. But more importantly, we're very optimistic about the DAF product, its position in the market, the DAF dealers who represent DAF, and our ability to grow our share as we move forward. So, somewhere 40,000 trucks, probably plus or minus compared to 30,000 trucks to 32,000 trucks this year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I'm very comfortable with our situation. We have less than 60 days worth of inventory. In North America, with great shape in Europe, so inventories are in great shape. I think the numbers I see, the industry inventories have moved down and so that should be good for future orders.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, if you recall, we get smarter every quarter. And as we've progressed, we adjusted our U.S. and Canada markets downward and Europe upward. So, things happened in the economy around the world in the year (14:32). So, sometimes you are on the right side, sometimes you are on the other side. For next year, based on economic growth expectations of 2% or so plus some industrial production improvement, continued strength in housing and automotive, we feel comfortable with the range of 200,000 units to 230,000 units for next year, and we'll see how that progresses. Again, we'll be smarter every quarter.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, that's – so the UK is typically 10,000 trucks to 11,000 trucks per year, which is a really good market for DAF and post-Brexit, the demand for trucks and parts is still present. Obviously, the pound movement has had some slight impact on margins, but the pound goes up and down and the prices are just over time. So, whatever impact there is, is temporary.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, as we do with all of our factories, we invest for the expected capacity in the mid-term, I guess you could say. And as we look long term, we'll continue to make investments to support our expectations, and so we expect the penetration of that to continue to climb gradually over time as more and more customers get the MX in their fleet and transition to more and more MX mix. So I think we're well-positioned supporting the current market, and we'll continue to invest with new machinery to support the ongoing needs of – really our global needs around the world.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We have some ongoing currently, yes. So we have a little bit of impact in 2016 and some ongoing investment in 2017.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, our discussions with our customers have really focused on, one, the great performance of our products in the market. Discussions have typically centered on, I guess I would say a comparable level of investment next year to what they've done this year, sort of small, medium, large, et cetera. I think a lot of that will obviously be dictated by how the economy develops. In terms of gross margins, thinking about next year, obviously, there's a lot of things that will impact that over time. Right now I would say, our next year margins would be comparable to what we'll see in the fourth quarter this year, plus or minus 0.5% up or down.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, our approach has always been, for a lot of years, has always been to build based on demand of our customers and our dealers, and our actions with respect to production reflect that. The great news is that in the third quarter, we achieved a record market share for Peterbilt and Kenworth combined in U.S. and Canada of 31%. So, great recognition of the great products that they're producing at their factories currently, and we'll continue to build based on what that market demand looks like. So, inventories are in great shape, and so I would think that retail would be closely tied to production levels as we move forward.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. And the team has done a great job with leveraging the operating infrastructure that we have in the Parts business. We've obviously added – enhanced our Parts distribution capabilities in the Northwestern part of the U.S. with the Renton facility. We'll be adding some additional facilities in the coming future, all balanced to meet the market demand and ensure that our customers are getting the best support in the industry with keeping their trucks operating and on the road. So I think we'll continue to see that level of performance.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think slightly. I think, yeah, slightly negative. Typically, the average sales price of a truck in Europe is a little lower than the average sales price in North America, so mix has some impact on that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: As you said, it's very modest. The portfolio is performing – actually that credit loss level is at historically low levels and few customers in the oil and gas business, but that's the focus of it.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I didn't really comment on that, but I think the fourth quarter, we're looking at comparables revenue levels I think in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, we're starting to get those – those first trucks are that we built in 2010, 2011 are now passing onto the second owner and I think what we'll see as time goes on is the durability with the CGI steel that we use to build the head and block and just the rigorous testing that we put the engines through that that will be reflected in the used prices over time as we move forward. So we're very optimistic about how that will progress.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, it's primarily – it's all volume related, nothing of – (28:40) sort of the volume of shipments, yeah.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. As we commented, we continue to make prudent investments in operating efficiency both in our factories, the warehouses, we continue to use more and more technology in our business processes, in our factories, and continuing to provide new technology to our customers. So we'll just continue to make those investments. And if you look back at the history, we've got a history of delivering 5% to 7% efficiency gains over the long term and we'll continue to make those kinds of investments as we move into 2017.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we have a nice balance of vertical integration with some of our components and great relationships with our suppliers in other areas, and I think we'll continue with that balanced approach for this particular axle. If you look out probably a year or two down the road, this axle will probably be 30%, 40%, 50% of the axles that we put on our North American vehicles. And, of course, the axles we put on DAF products are 100% PACCAR axles. So, we have a combination of vertical and supplier provided, but more and more – much more of the supplier provided components are proprietary in that they're developed to work in a very efficient manner with the rest of our powertrain component. So you'll continue to see that trend as we move forward going with all of our suppliers.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, a factor is that used truck pricing and reflecting that as adjustments to depreciation expense over time, so as we have trucks return off-lease (32:25) et cetera, that typically runs through the depreciation expense line. So, that's one element of it. And then the rest of it is just the competitiveness of the market and the spread of interest earned and interest paid. So, that's the two elements of it.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, I would say normal. And we're continuing to invest in our ability to support our used truck operations, as time is going on, we deal with a lot more larger fleets, we're more heavily engaged in taking trade-ins with our customers and are working with our dealers and so we'll continue to invest. We're probably going to open by the end of the year a new facility in the Chicago area and adding some additional capacity at our facility in Salt Lake City. So it's, I'd say, normal at a higher level just given the level of activity that we're seeing with trade-ins and operating lease activity.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. So it's lower operating leverage from a lower production level for the quarter, a slight reduction in price realization in U.S. and Canada because of the competitive market conditions, and a small impact from the movement of the pound versus the euro. The pound is – well, it's down, it's certainly within a range that we've seen in the last near-term history. And so, as time goes on, we'll work through that, and prices will adjust to a more normalized margin level going forward.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, I don't have the specific numbers, Dave, but definitely Europe will be up because of increased workdays and we have the summer shutdowns, so we have more workdays in the fourth quarter, plus a slightly higher build rate, and that will be offset by U.S. and Canada.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think all of the OEMs have been building trucks out of the backlog throughout this year, and so I think you will see the convergence of order levels, retail sales, production, et cetera, at a – whatever the run rate will be. And I think our feeling is that, as we get past the first of the year, we'll see some progression, given the economic assumptions about continued GDP growth, strong housing and automotive, and some return to industrial production growth.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. If you look at, 2015 was a record year for medium-duty truck deliveries for PACCAR and we're going to be pretty close to that 2015 level for 2016. And so we're optimistic that we've got the products and the supporting network to make that growth continue.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think, at 260,000 trucks to 290,000 trucks, that is an excellent truck market. We've probably taken a little bit of a conservative approach on the heels of 2016 being at 295,000 trucks, which is the best truck market since 2008. So we hope that it would continue at the current pace, but we've been a bit conservative in terms of our projection for our outlook for next year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. If you look at the history, when I started with the company, we were a 21% player and we sort of went up to a new plateau at 25% and now we're at 28%, 29%. Peterbilt, Kenworth continue to introduce additional configurations around their 2.1 meter platform. Peterbilt just launched their Model 520 for the low-cab forward market. We just introduced enhanced axle and engine components that will enhance the performance of the vehicle. So, we continue to increment the product lineup and we'll continue to do that, as we have done for 20 years, and we think that will lead to continued share growth over the long term.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. There's definitely a competitive advantage that comes with this proprietary axle and the integration of it with the rest of the elements of the powertrain, so.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think we've been active in all elements of the market for many years, and we are conquesting new customers all the time, but our product is very competitive with the fleets. And the excellent operating efficiency of our vehicle, the higher residual value, there's a lot of elements that make our products very attractive not only to large fleets, but small and medium-sized customers as well. So, a great product lineup, great performance, continue to demand 10% to 15% difference in terms of residual value versus the competitive product.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think we've seen that over the last five, six, seven years, more and more of our volume is with medium and larger fleets.
Ronald E. Armstrong: When you say the – the margin performance over the last five, six years, as we've transitioned, it's been excellent.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we typically will assume a share and penetration comparable to the current levels and we'll continue to put in actions to enhance both of those as we progress throughout the year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think if you average – take the average spending for the year, I think that's pretty indicative of our level of SG&A spending.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I can't speak for our competition. I know what our focus is and you laid it out pretty well. It's a focus on providing the highest quality products, low operating cost, premium value for our customers, excellent support with aftermarket parts and Financial Services, and that continues to be our focus for the near, mid and long term, and we'll continue to make investments to build on that, and we'll compete toe-to-toe with our competitors, whatever their approach may be.
Ronald E. Armstrong: As I mentioned earlier, it's a balance of vertical integration and supplier provided proprietary components. And so, I think that's the approach that we'll continue to apply as we move forward, and you'll see more – as time goes on, you'll see more branded PACCAR components because they are unique to integrate with our vehicle and our powertrain.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, as I mentioned before, the pound moves up and down over time and pricing adjust to reflect that all the OEMs predominantly have their production on the continent, we're very fortunate in that we're the only UK truck maker. So we have a bit of a natural hedge with respect to UK cost and prices. So we'll adjust pricing as the market needs to adjust to earn a fair return on our trucks over time. With respect to used truck pricing, I think, as we progress through next year, customers are keeping their trucks perhaps a little bit longer. At some point, though, the value intersects with the current market, and they'll be back in the market at some point to reinvest in new equipment. The new equipment has such attractive operating efficiencies with lower fuel consumption, better operating efficiency, the reliability and durability of the products are outstanding, so you have to upgrade at some point to take advantage of those features that are on the newer products.
Robert J. Christensen: Yeah. Tim, it's Bob. I think we see a fairly comparable level of buy from both the vocational and the over-the-road customers in 2017 from 2016. Both Kenworth and Peterbilt have strong vocational presence. I think combined the company is 35% to 40% market share in the vocational business, which has been very, very good for us over the last couple of years. But increasingly, the new Peterbilts and the new Kenworths are getting even more traction in some of the larger fleets, and so we're getting incremental kind of conquest purchases from customers. But on balance, we think that 2017 is going to look very, very comparable to 2016.
Robert J. Christensen: Yeah, absolutely. If you look at PACCAR's performance over several years in the medium-duty segment, we grow share in North America 0.5 point per year, and we would continue to expect that would be the case in 2017 as well.
Robert J. Christensen: A relatively steady market share history over the last couple of years needs to be placed into context of an oil and gas business that hasn't been generating any truck sales and we typically have been fairly strong in that segment, so we're offsetting that loss with some of the new wins that Ron talked about.
Robert J. Christensen: That mix gives us the opportunity to get more looks at the Parts business than we would maybe with owner-operator customers, that also gives us more looks on the Financial Services business. So that mix shift is a positive thing for us as well.
Robert J. Christensen: Engine share will be comparable to slightly positive compared to this year probably in that 50% range.
