Ron Armstrong: Probably in terms of the growth percentage probably the southern markets would have the highest growth prospects just because they have been relatively low, so I think percentage wise that will be the case. Another opportunity for DAF is the Russian market which has been down a fair amount over the last couple years and there is obviously potential for that to grow with at a -- from a very low level currently this year.
Ron Armstrong: Yes we have done 300 million over the last couple of times, it's a number of that we feel very comfortable with, provides a reasonable horizon and if we see the opportunity presents itself we’ll authorize an additional amount above and beyond that to appropriate time.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, we obviously have bought back shares during the quarter and with the additional authorization we have the capability to continue to buy shares as we go forward.
Ron Armstrong: So Europe will be up probably in the 30% to 35% range with the fact that we've got more production days and a higher daily build rate and offset by a similar percentage on the North American side reflecting increased holidays and lower build rates in North America.
Ron Armstrong: I would say most of our discussions with our customers and mostly the large fleet customers, their expectations are to buy a similar number of trucks next year as they've purchased in 2015. I think we’re seeing that in the code activity that's going on currently with Peterbilt and Kenworth and as well as the order intake that’s coming in, so people are starting to make decisions about 2016 purchases.
Ron Armstrong: With so much of our product line up now is global in nature. I see next year being somewhat this year in terms of investing really across all elements of our products from continuing to enhance the individual component offerings within our various models at Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF. We continue to invest in our engine technology obviously we’re launching the MX-11 in January in North America. And we've greenhouse gas requirements coming into play in 2017. So we’ll continue to invest in our engine technology, our engine efficiency, the engines are performing excellently in the North American market and have for obviously 10 years in Europe. So we continue to invest in those areas as well as new systems and enhancements to our manufacturing capabilities.
Ron Armstrong: Europe the order intake for this quarter is up about 30% over where it was last year. So we've a good solid backlog for the fourth quarter and the result we’re increasing the build rates. We've seen the industry orders in North America and that was reduced that window some and as a result we've adjusted build rates in North America accordingly.
Ron Armstrong: I think it starts with the engineering of the product, and our engineers with the development of the 2.1 meter cabs, and those products for Peterbilt, and Kenworth and the Euro 6 products did a fantastic job of developing optimal designs with the balance of cost and performance for our customers. The manufacture building is excellent. So we’re in great position from an operating standpoint and the products are performing very well in the marketplace. So we feel good about structurally our position in our factories. Our suppliers are performing well, and we’re able to continue to make the 5% to 7% annual enhancement that is sort of our expectation for ongoing operating efficiency and overall operational improvements.
Ron Armstrong: Okay, I’m just going to try and tackle all that; so the first part about margins Jamie was really a benefits of a lot of different areas. Obviously as I mentioned it starts with great product and pricing has been solid for us in the third quarter compared to where we’ve been. So products continue to earn a premium in the marketplace, we are benefitting from somewhat lower material cost and commodity costs, we’re seeing the benefits of operating efficiencies in our factories and the products are performing excellently in the marketplace and all those really come together to sort of generate the overall margin performance. In terms of cancellations, cancellations for us have just been very normal, I mean nothing to speak of that’s different than what we would normally expect. And in terms of timing of deliveries obviously there was a large order intake in the fourth quarter of last year, first quarter of this year and now orders are being placed for 2016 and so I think there is a bit of a low in the build as we see it currently, but the prospects for 2016 are excellent.
Ron Armstrong: So the FX we continue to benefit the resource are fair amount of our engine components that for North American build come from Europe and so we benefitted from that during the course of the quarter.
Ron Armstrong: I would say that would be the case, I mean orders for the third quarter are at a 17,000-18,000 a month, I think you’ll see an increase in that. As I know certainly that the Peterbilt and Kenworth number should increase from what they saw in the third quarter.
Ron Armstrong: No I think it's more structural, obviously we just as we mentioned celebrated the production of our 100,000 MX engine in our Columbus engine factory. And so the population of MX engines continues to grow and we’re seeing an increased percentage of MX engine part sales and other engine part sales in the market and that is beneficial. And our team has done a great job of putting together some really innovative programs and offerings and leveraging their cost structure for their parts warehouse. So it's a combination of a lot of different elements, but I’d say that the increase in proprietary parts is a key part of it.
Ron Armstrong: It is, it is so the -- we’ve got the cab paint shop in Westerlo, we’ve got some other plant projects at Chillicothe and in Denton we’ve got the product projects with trucks and engines and then we’ve got continuing to enhance our systems to be able to continue to move our business forward, so all those elements contribute to that.
Ron Armstrong: If you look at that range of market that would be certainly the best market since 2008 and a top five market probably in the history of the European market, so it's quite a good market and we have expectations of 1.5% growth on the continent to continue strong growth in the U.K. We feel like that is our best estimate at this point we’ll know more every time we report as we progress in the next year we will have better insight but we feel good about the European market and what it -- what the prospects are for next year.
Ron Armstrong: I would say that’s been a nonevent from our market and our business perspective, it's a certainly related to the automotive but no effect on our business.
Ron Armstrong: Yes I think it's a lot of it is economic driven it is the amount of freight tonnage, as I mentioned in my comments, freight tonnage in North America is strong, near record levels and the same is the case in Europe, we monitor the mouth statistics and other freight metrics in Europe and those are really almost also at near record levels. So as long as the freight movement is there, there is going to be a need to service and support the truck in keeping the uptime going, so we think with our innovative practices some of the things that our team does with other the fleet services program, some of the online programs that we can continue to grow our share of that aftermarket parts business as we progress through 2016.
Ron Armstrong: As is typical during a cycle when things get really good there is a lot more lenders that come into the market and think that they are going to be able to take advantage of that so we are in that particular phase and so we continue to focus on what we do very well, we have a great customer support mechanism, we are focused on serving the commercial vehicle business and our guys do a great job and we will continue to be in that 25% to 30% share of the finance market as we go forward.
Ron Armstrong: The MX-11 is not as prevalent in engine in the market as the MX as a 13 litre engine is but now we have our own engine that we can offer in that range and so that will add several percentage points to our PACCAR engine penetration as we get into the next year so I think in the near-term we’d expect 40% to 50% of our engines to be PACCAR engines.
Ron Armstrong: I think we are very comfortable with pricing being comparable to current levels, we are competitive in a marketplace, we got a great product and our products realize a fair price in the market and so I don’t see any significant price movement in the near-term at all.
Ron Armstrong: I would say it will track volume a little bit, but I would say it would be flattish margin achievement next year compared to this year.
Ron Armstrong: No, not at all, our dealers are typically PACCAR dealers have sort of the low industry average inventory levels and we’re in that position currently and dealers are in great shape. So feel good about where we’re at.
Ron Armstrong: I think it's a combination of both of those. Just like we saw in North America, there is a combination of some pent up demand as well as some capacity growth.
Ron Armstrong: Yes I don't see used truck pricing having a significant effect on the new truck sales levels. I would say as the third quarter pricing was comparable to what it was a year-ago but you're coming into a period now where there is going to be more trucks in the market and we’ll see how that will develop as we progress in the coming quarters.
Ron Armstrong: I think that’s a fair way to think about it. I think that is a -- because again our discussions have been that people are going to invest about what they've invested in 2015. So I think just the pace of maybe how they go about that maybe a little bit more even keeled because of the extraordinary higher order intake in the fourth quarter of ’14 and the first quarter of ’15.
Ron Armstrong: Our thoughts are as long as the economy is in that 2% to 3% growth and there is continued strong housing and automotive activity and consumer spending is up 3% or 4% year-on-year, I think the fundamentals of the economy and therefore the effects on the our business I think are all good. So I would agree that 15% to 20% is probably overly pessimistic.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think that traditionally has been the case and I think that’s how we think about as we go forward that the ups and downs of that market typically are a little more muted than the heavy duty segment.
Ron Armstrong: Yes so I think it hasn’t reached the total potential in Europe I think there as time goes on and greenhouse gas requirements and fuel efficiency expectations increase. We’ll see more and more downsizing the MX 11 has capability to go up to 430 horsepower and 1,550 foot pounds of torque. So it's a very capable engine, the customers that are using it in Europe are very satisfied with the capabilities and I think we will continue to see a migration to a higher percentage. And it's about 25%-30% of DAF’s build at this point. And we’ll ramp that up in North America as we go and I think as more customers experience its capability. You’ll see just like we’ve seen with the MX 13, we’ll see a progression of more and more customers taking that engine on so.
Ron Armstrong: Yes I think it's really across almost all the markets 2014 was impacted by the Euro 5 pre-buy which was really across most of the geographies and so we’ve seen a recovery this year across all they almost were up about one percentage point across the breadth of Europe and we’ve seen similar progression in most countries.
Ron Armstrong: No, I think we’ve adjusted build rates to where we think they need to be and we would anticipate based on where we’re at today that that will be how we’ll start next year.
Ron Armstrong: Some of that order trend that you refer to is seasonality. We have two new models one on the Kenworth side and one on the Peterbilt side that are doing very well, the 567 and the T880 and we would anticipate that we would have another strong construction season upcoming.
Ron Armstrong: So the in the terms of the performance regionally both North America and Europe participated in about 7% to 8% growth year-on-year for the year-to-date period so they both have done very well with their programs to get a greater share of the market and take advantage of the strong freight market, so I’ll let Michael talk to the exchange rate effects.
Ron Armstrong: And about a 10 million a quarter pace. That will diminish of course as we enter into different comparatives going into '16 with exchange rates have been relatively stable at these low levels for the past few months.
Ron Armstrong: Lot of facet to that obviously, first of all we continue to invest in new distribution capability or expanded distribution capability we have built the new warehouse in Eindhoven and we recently expanded our racking capability in our Budapest warehouse, we doubled the size of our Lancaster warehouse, we’re essentially doubling the capacity in the Pacific North West here with the new PDC and renting, so we are continually investing to provide that best-in-class service for our dealers and customers. One of the things that we have done and we talk about it in the press release is we have opened TRP stores -- TRP standalone stores to really support the TRP brand and gain greater access to the second and third owner to the all mix trucks as well as the buses, trailers et cetera. And then our dealers have added lots of locations in North America and Europe to increase the penetration and the presence of their businesses and we are seeing the benefit of that as well, so it's -- and then you add on the additional initiatives the programs that our parts team have put together all those things together are supporting that 8% growth.
Ron Armstrong: No, pricing in both markets I say is very solid. With again the markets as we see them currently are top five markets and our products are performing well they have got a lot to offer a customer in terms of efficiency and low operating cost and so we are seeing good solid pricing with our products.
Ron Armstrong: I guess it's typical business I mean we have business that we think is very important to us and another OEMs have business they think it's important to them and so that’s just normal I would say it's all normal marketplace behaviour that we see in both North America and Europe.
Ron Armstrong: No nothing I think as time goes on more and more our dealers appreciate what that product can do for their customers. And we continue to see those products perform very well and they just continue to get a growing share of that Class 5 to 7 market.
Ron Armstrong: As we look out for DAF’s growth expectations. We've talked before about medium-term targeting a 20% share of the European market and we need more capacity in our paint operations in addition to giving us the capacity obviously it will be state-of-the-art very environmentally friendly and really provide some good efficiencies and qualitative performance that we’ll enjoy for years to come.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it will compete with Cummins’ offering. I mean we will basically just replace the offering from Cummins.
Ron Armstrong: Well we have a 9 litre that we buy from them that is branded, and we’ll continue to buy that 9 litre. But we also buy some 11-12 litre engines from them that this would essentially replace.
Ron Armstrong: I think the Canadian order levels have been impacted obviously more by oil and gas, I think than what we've seen elsewhere, so obviously lower oil and gas prices are very positive for almost all of our customers but there are some regions that get impacted by the lower oil and gas prices and so Canada is one of those areas that have seen that but the rest of the Canadian operations and fleet activities that is very good. Export I would say that those markets are down compared to where they have been and Bob talked about some of the South American markets 70,000 to 80,000 probably more normal range would be 100,000 trucks or so per year.
Bob Christensen: Nicole I would add that we already have several of our large customer orders in the house. And those volumes are the same as our larger generally than last year.
Bob Christensen: We think that 70 to 80 is a good measure for the balance of this year, and we’ll probably experience a similar level of demand in 2016.
Bob Christensen: We’re continuing to add dealers even in a very difficult market. They are continuing to invest in their footprint. We will be introducing some new truck models at the large South American truck filled FENATRAN next month. Our production volume is small, but it is growing slightly and the fundamentals in Brazil are difficult right now, but the long-term fundamentals for trucking are very good.
