Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported improved revenues and net income for the second quarter of 2014. PACCAR's second quarter sales in financial services revenue were $4.6 billion and quarterly net income was $319 million and after-tax return on revenues of 7%. Revenues were up 6% and net income increased 9% compared to the results generated in the second quarter last year. PACCAR Parts achieved record sales this quarter, and PACCAR Financial generated record pretax profits. I'm very proud of our 22,600 employees, who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 33,700 trucks during the second quarter, a 6% increase versus the first quarter this year. This growth reflects increased truck deliveries in the U.S. and Canada due to the ongoing replacement of the aging truck population and higher fleet utilization driven by record freight tonnage. Looking ahead, we expect to increase truck deliveries in the third quarter by about 5% compared to the second quarter, reflecting the continued strength of the North American Class 8 market. Third quarter gross margins should be slightly higher than the second quarter, reflecting the benefits of higher production and improved operating efficiencies. It is encouraging that U.S. employments gains this year have been the strongest since 2006. Other good economic news is that U.S. auto sales are projected to be over 16 million vehicles and housing starts over 1 million units this year. These positive trends are benefiting truck demand in North America. U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales are estimated to be in the range of 230,000 to 250,000 trucks this year. Industry orders for Class 8 trucks in the U.S. and Canada for the first half were over 145,000 trucks, a 34% increase over the comparable period last year. Economic news in Europe is trending positively, with GDP growth expectations for this year of 1.1%. Year-to-date through June, freight in Germany, as measured by the amount index, was 3% higher than the same period last year. Europe's greater than 16-tonne market is projected to be in the range of 210,000 to 230,000 units. Customers in Europe accelerated purchases of Euro 5 vehicles last year and are gradually adjusting to the increased prices of Euro 6 trucks. Production of DAF Trucks in Brazil is progressing, with build rates expected to increase gradually through 2014. PACCAR Parts business generated record quarterly revenues of $778 million, a 10% increase compared to $710 million in the same quarter of the prior year. PACCAR Parts quarterly pretax income was $127 million, an increase of 16% compared to the $109 million earned in the second quarter of 2013. The strong results were driven by improved fleet utilization and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts. PACCAR Financial Services revenues were $303 million in the second quarter compared to $289 million a year ago. PACCAR Financials' second quarter pretax income was a record $92 million compared to $82 million earned last year. The improved results benefited from growth in asset balances and excellent portfolio performance. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $2.1 billion in new products and facilities in the last 3 years. In the second quarter, DAF introduced a new range of Euro 6 CF and XF 4-axle trucks and tractors for heavy-duty applications. These new vehicles expand DAF's product range in the construction, container and refuse markets. In addition, Kenworth and Peterbilt launched new medium-duty cabover trucks, with extensive exterior and interior enhancement. The Kenworth K270 and K370 and the Peterbilt Model 220 have been designed with an enhanced turning radius and shorter overall length to excel in urban delivery applications. PACCAR's capital spending of $250 million to $300 million this year is targeted at enhanced powertrain development and increased operating efficiency of our assembly facilities. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in the range of $200 million to $225 million. During the second quarter, PACCAR's Board of Directors approved a 10% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to a record $0.22 per share. PACCAR's increased the regular quarterly dividend by more than 140% in the last 5 years. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest-quality products and services in the industry, investing in new geographic regions and providing excellent returns to our shareholders. On behalf of the PACCAR management team, I'd like to thank the many analysts and investors who attended our investor conference on May 28 and 29 at Peterbilt's Denton, Texas plant. We enjoyed sharing our plans and our world-class facilities and products with you, and we appreciate your feedback on the event. I'd be pleased to answer your questions. Thank you.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. Euro 6 pricing is, as we've identified before, is up quite a bit over the Euro 5 pricing. It has been challenging to gain acceptance of that pricing in the market, and we've recovered the price increase but not realized any additional margin on that. So that continues to be the case, the European market is very competitive. And -- but I think we see with the fundamentals, the economic fundamentals of Europe trending positively that once the market normalizes that we'll see an increase in demand as we progress to the second half.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. We have our traditional summer shutdown period in the third quarter, so it's not up. So the increases is North America.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So I think it's more focused on the economic fundamentals that are there and supporting the increased freight activity that we're seeing.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think pretty steady. The buyers of trucks are large fleet customers that we have long-term relationships with, and so I'd say it's pretty steady.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. So as we think about margins in the second quarter, I mean, there's a combination of some price realization in North America, rigorous cost control and then the operating efficiency of running our factories at a higher rate. So those 3 things, I think, combined. We'll see some benefit from operating efficiency in the third quarter again, but we also have the shutdown period, which has a bit of fixed cost that goes with that. So that's a little bit of an offset, some of the upside on operating leverage.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. I think, obviously, the market strength of the market is the key thing that drives margins over time. And so if demand continues to accelerate and backlogs get extended, that probably provides some pricing leverage opportunity. We're anticipating good market, steady market as we progress through the second half. So we'll see how that develops. And Parts has had an excellent performance and wonderful products. There are TRP brands, the PACCAR Genuine and DAF parts product lines have done excellently. And so we'll continue to see some level of growth. Right now, we're thinking, for the year, somewhere in the 5% to 8% range, I think.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, the peak in the last cycle, if you'll recall, Europe and North America was a 300,000-plus truck market with backlogs extended almost up to a year at points and we're nowhere near those kinds of numbers. So that provides a unique pricing opportunity that's not present currently.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. I think U.S. and Canada was up a little bit more than average in Europe, just a little bit below that. But both had excellent quarters and good performance by the team and the markets, like I said, with freight activity at pretty good levels in all of our markets that's supporting good Parts business.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Okay. So let's start with Mexico. Mexico, good start to 2013, softened in the back half of last year. We're starting to see some improvement in demand in the Mexican market, as well as in the Andean region. There's some emissions changes that are occurring in Colombia that are going to be positive to demand in the second half of this year. Brazil, the market is soft -- softening. Economic growth there is slowing. But again, we're on a slow, steady ramp-up period, so it doesn't really impact us but we continue our slow and steady ramp-up in Brazil. Australia is, I'd say, steady. Not -- GDP growth is relatively low. Mining activities lower than it has been, but just good and steady.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think, obviously, Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF products are at the top of the market in terms of driver, in terms of their need for -- or their desire for new trucks to drive. They're the great fit and finish, great performance and become a real asset for a company as they're recruiting drivers. So I think it could have a positive potential on demand for the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF products.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don't know if I would see it impacting the patterns per se. I think they're -- all other things being equal, customers would buy some additional trucks if they had a clear path to having additional drivers, but I don't see it affecting the patterns that we've seen over the last several quarters.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. So the market size that we referenced in the press release is the South American Class 8 market, which includes Brazil, Argentina as well as the Andean region. We see -- within that, Brazil being down 10% or so, the Andean region being maybe a little more flat compared to where it was prior year. I think, last year, the total number for the South America was 160,000 trucks or so. We're thinking 140,000, 150,000. So down 5% to 10% over last year's levels for the South American Class 8 market. And in terms of our business, again, we're just ramping up, getting going. And our guys are -- our team has just performed excellently there in terms of getting the factory up and running. Our dealers are still building out their facilities to represent DAF in the marketplace. And so that whole process continues. But we still see the long-term prospects for our business to be excellent.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think as it stands now, we'll see fewer truck deliveries in Russia this year than we saw last year because of the -- some of the challenges that are there in the area. But it continues to be -- we've continued to increase our representation with dealers in the area. We have a strong park. We're expecting good growth in parts sales in the area. So it's a bit challenging for the short term, but long term we feel very good about the development of our business in Russia and continuing to grow that over the coming years.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think with the introduction of on-board diagnostics, the industry, as you mentioned, have seen some challenges, all the complexity that goes with that. But there's been a nice progression of -- with our sales and others, and we'll continue to see that progression as we get more and more experienced with those regulations and guidelines. And so we're comfortable that we'll perform very well and our engines are very well received by the customers, great reliability, durability and the fuel efficiency is just -- has been very well received. So we're -- we still view it as a great upside potential for our engine business long term.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. I don't think either of those are significant factors up or down. I'd say it's fairly consistent in terms of the number of trucks that we're selling to customers in those areas. I think things are good, solid, but nothing, I guess, I would say is a significant trend upward or downward in that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Nothing I would say that's pervasive in the market. Everybody has their particular conquest point that they protect and go after. But I'd say it's pretty steady market in that regards. In Europe, with sort of the softness of Euro 6, pretty competitive pricing environment but nothing peculiar to any particular manufacturer.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. So Euro 6, the products have been very well received by customers, both from a reliability and fuel efficiency standpoint. So very well received, continue to get good accolades. DAF, in fact, just -- was recognized in Poland as truck of the year with their products. So good recognition. And from our perspective, obviously, there's a lot of elements of the truck that are new and were very well designed and again, receiving good accolades. So we'll continue to experience good warranty performance on those trucks as we progress through this year. The on-board diagnostics, again, it's something that's affected the entire industry. Everybody has transitioned with that. And we're seeing steady progression of managing that, and it'll be well managed as we go forward.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. I don't have those numbers, Jerry. It's not a major element of our total cost structure. I think on the 10-Q, it combines expense with extended warranty and a few other things. So I don't have those numbers readily available.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Warranty is just a standard part in doing business. And I would say there's not any significant trends one way or another reflected in our results.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So it's really timing. There are some product and facility activities that we've got on our plans. So just the timing of executing those has been pushed out a bit as we look at when we're ready to execute on certain things. So no particular things that have been just -- it's really mostly timing.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Sure. Brazil is clearly an opportunity to continue just to achieve the targets that we've set out for Brazil. So that's an excellent opportunity. And as we look to the Eastern Europe, Russia, Ukraine, think about Turkey, those provide some good opportunities upside long term. As we talked about Russia, short-term challenges but long term, we feel good about that. And then Asia is an opportunity where, as you know, we don't have great participation in the truck market at this point. And we've got offices in India and China that represent us well. And we have a technical center in India. We do a lot of procurement in those areas. And so we stay very close to those markets to understand what the trends are and continue to look for an opportunity at the right time to participate. But at this point, nothing short term in our drawing board.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Joel, I mean, there have been no discussions with Volkswagen and the company continues to focus on running the business day in, day out, and we've got a great team and that's our focus.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. The asset base has continued to grow. Our teams there have done an excellent job of representing our capabilities in the marketplace. There's -- as time goes on, particularly North America, as the truck markets improve, more and more competitors like to wade back into the market. But our teams -- we have great service capability and continue to win. About 30% of the new PACCAR trucks that get sold are funded by our PACCAR Financial and PACCAR Leasing businesses. So we'll continue, I think, to see that as the retail sales grow so, too, will our asset base, somewhat. And so that would be a positive development for us as we progress through the year. And customers with the good freight conditions are performing very well and paying their truck payments. We continue to see past dues below 1% in our portfolio. So no indications that, that's going to change in the near term. But -- so good performance by our finance team and used truck markets are in good shape. We've seen probably 4% to 5% appreciation in used truck prices year-on-year. So things are in good shape and the teams are executing very well.
Ronald E. Armstrong: We're typically -- the yield to the customer typically moves -- maybe it's not basis point by basis point, but generally moves in the same direction as our borrowing cost.
Ronald E. Armstrong: It's a pretty clean number. Yes, the first quarter had, typically, has a little bit more, I think, stock compensation-related expenses included in it, so that's pretty steady as she goes.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I guess, I would say that in any sector there's probably a combination of some, and then there are probably some that are actually downsizing depending on their trends in the business. So I don't know if I see any...
Ronald E. Armstrong: I would say that based on what -- the statistical availability is a little more limited in Europe, but I would say that Germany is a pretty good proxy for, generally, what we're seeing in Europe in terms of freight activity. That it's probably up in most countries in Europe year-on-year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. It really was the fact that Europe was a little softer than what we had thought when we talked in April.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So we were at about 35% penetration for the quarter. And we'll continue, I think, as we progress, we -- you look at the MX engine and the applications that it can meet the needs of our customers. We'll continue to see that, that percentage will grow over time as you see in the marketplace, about 50%. 13-liter, 50%; 15-liter engine sales in the Class 8 market. And we think that it will continue to trend more towards 13-liter over time as people look for reduced weight per fuel economy. So we see that the prospects for the MX are good. In terms of margins, it's just part of the cost of our truck and -- so no real margin impact.
Ronald E. Armstrong: It's good. We're selling the MX in the Mexican market at a Euro 4 level. And obviously, that's a level that we sold in Europe for many years. And so it's been well received, it performs well, great fuel efficiency as well as torque and horsepower ratings. So very well received.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think that's still a fair number to think about, and we're probably 2015 or so before we get to that point.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Going good. Our dealers are investing in 20 locations. So several are open, several are near open and several well along in the construction phase. By the end of this year, most of the initial 20 facilities will be completed, and several of the next phase or next 20 facilities that are committed will be started. So that is progressing well.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. It really is -- it's just the -- what it was is the -- as we transition from Euro 5 to Euro 6, these are the more complex, high-content trucks and were sort of the last batches of the DAF Euro 6 vehicles to be introduced. And so now that really completes their Euro 6 offerings but not that many sales in the quarter, but it really just replaces a comparable Euro 5 offering.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we feel like we always have a leadership role and we are the premium product in the market, so that's how we approach our business. And we work very closely with our customers to provide them competitive -- competitively priced vehicles that recognize the value that the PACCAR products provide. And so it's all driven by the competitive marketplace and we'll continue to maintain our leadership position.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Again, it's a 240,000 plus or minus truck market and some of the truck markets that we talked about previously were 300,000 truck markets. And so if you look back, over time, there's a pretty good correlation with the size of the truck market and the ability to price and leverage your cost structure.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. We have an authorization that has about $100 million or so of unused buyback capacity. So as we have, historically, we buy back shares from time to time and we'll continue to evaluate that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So obviously, the customers that operate our trucks are focused on the lowest total cost of ownership, and fuel being one of the more expensive parts of their cost of operation. And so we're very focused on gleaning every percent improvement in fuel economy that we can from a variety of sources, including the aerodynamics of the truck itself, the engine, operating efficiency, the integration of the engine with the transmission and axles and Aftertreatment Systems. So it's a continuous focus by our teams, both here and in Europe, to achieve industry-leading fuel efficiency.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So I think material costs are pretty steady. Cost movements have not been a significant factor from quarter-to-quarter even year-on-year. And in terms of supply-based performance, it's just -- it's normal business, business as usual. And our supply base is moving in lockstep with us. Any day, there might be a little bit disturbance. But all in all, suppliers are performing very well.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I mean, we do. We have long-term orders that we assume, we take in and so there are some trucks that are on the board for 2015 delivery, it's not a significant amount. And we're -- work closely with our customers to provide them competitive pricing, whether it's short term, mid term or long term. Well, it's sort of business as you as usual in that regard so...
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I think all of those elements have made a contribution to the Parts growth, as well as the truck utilization. So we have very well-developed All Makes brand with TRP that services not only other makes of trucks, but the bus and trailer segment. We have the PACCAR Genuine and DAF brand of parts in Europe that are represented very well. And our Parts team put together very innovative programs to continue to build and capture a greater share of the parts marketplace. So all of those things are contributing to the incremental growth that PACCAR Parts is achieving.
Ronald E. Armstrong: That's really supporting the continued growth and supporting our dealers that are in the Northwestern part of the U.S. And so -- but it's pretty normal. Last year, we doubled the size of our Lancaster facility and this will be essentially a doubling of our capacity in the Northwest U.S. But over time, all of our PDCs, we either expand them or build new ones to support the increased distribution opportunity that we have.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think, again, as I think I've commented earlier, what we see at this point in the cycle, there are increased entrants into the financing world, which can create a more competitive pricing environment. But customers appreciate PACCAR Financial and PACCAR Leasing. The fact that we're here throughout the cycle, we only finance trucks and trailers for the industry. Our people are well versed in providing the best service, so that's a real competitive advantage for our team.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don't think that will be a significant factor. Again, with the new truck volumes, there's still lots of parts opportunities that go with outfitting trucks and accessories, et cetera. So I don't see that as being a major factor in terms of parts movement.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Ted, we're gathering the -- yes, the overall impact on revenues for the quarter compared to prior quarter was about $60 million and about $3 million of pretax profit impact from currency movements. And mostly due to the euro being stronger this year compared to last. You're interested in breaking it down between...
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. I mean, for the quarter, for the truck side, the impact to currency was about $1 million and about $10 million on the revenue side.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. Pretty close to that. I mean, there are some other pieces there as well. But the Part side, there's some mixed things in there as well. The Parts' size is about $9 million on the revenue side and about $3 million on the market.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. The -- it's sort of business as usual. It's -- there's always challenges day to day, week to week. But the opportunities we continue to focus on investing in our business throughout the business cycle, continue to focus on rigorous cost control, continue to focus on managing our plant metrics, our warehouse capabilities so that we're prepared in the good markets, the challenging markets. And so we're just -- we'll just stay focused that they. It's how we operate our business and that's how we'll continue to approach it.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. I'd say, at this point, nothing that stands out. That's a real challenge or that's a real opportunity. It's pretty steady, it's pretty focused in all facets of our business.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I feel very comfortable with where we're at. Currently, you look back at history and the relationship of cash to our total balance sheet, where we're really sort of where we've historically been. And so we're quite comfortable with that. And as we said, we just upped our regular dividend payout and we'll continue to evaluate the opportunity for additional returns to shareholders in the forms of special dividends and/or share buybacks.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we have a distribution center in Renton currently. It's about half the size of the proposed facility. And it's just -- the level of parts distribution activity in Northwest United States and Western Canada has increased, and so it's time to support that increased business activity. Our dealers continue to invest and reinvest in their businesses and add new locations. And so that increases the parts opportunity. So we won't see a significant change in employment levels because we -- just the distribution center employees will move from their current location to the new location. And as we continue to grow, there'll be some incremental employment as time goes on but it's not a significant amount of additional.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Continue -- the folks in that plant continues to be specialty trucks. And just as we have done in our other facilities in North America, Renton is also being able to increase its build rates somewhat here during this period of strong order demand. So good for the Renton campus, our Renton campus group.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. Dave, we're -- we continue to be a build-to-order company. And if we get the orders, we will build them. We feel positive about the potential for additional trucks in the fourth quarter, but it's too soon to have a clear indication of whether that's the case or not.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. It's just -- it's mostly macro. It's based on sort of economic trends and the opportunities that we see there. It's not the order book as it exists today.
Robert J. Christensen: Yes. I think -- this is Bob. The vocational market is, certainly, year-on-year much stronger than it was last year at this time, and PACCAR with new products for both Kenworth and Peterbilt in the North American market is very well positioned to take advantage of the opportunity.
Robert J. Christensen: No. I think our sleeper mix has remained fairly steady, perhaps it's grown slightly as we've seen some of the fleets play some expansion orders. But in general, a pretty standard mix for us.
Robert J. Christensen: I think that our customers are seeing a good rate environment. They have generally high-utilization rates and generally across-the-board, irrespective of the fleet size or the vocation, are continuing to replace equipment and expanding their fleet to accommodate the new opportunities with a little bit better economy out there. And I wouldn't say that there's one segment that is unique in that regard. It's really across-the-board with all of our customer segments.
Robert J. Christensen: We should also give some credit to our dealer body. They are actively investing in their business, expanding their locations, expanding their hours of service and -- it's really a combination of the programs of PACCAR Parts and how our dealers are performing in the markets.
