Ronald Armstrong: Good morning. Harrie Schippers, Preston Feight, and I will update you on our excellent fourth quarter and full-year results for 2018, important business highlights and PACCAR’s focus on innovation. Thanks to PACCAR’s 28,000 outstanding employees around the world. 2018 was a record-setting year for the company. PACCAR achieved record revenues of $23.5 billion and record net income of $2.2 billion, a 9.3% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR Parts set annual revenue and profit records and PACCAR Financial achieved record new business volume and a 17% improvement in pre-tax income. PACCAR is celebrating 80 consecutive years of net income. We celebrated many other 2018 accomplishments. PACCAR delivered a record 189,000 trucks worldwide. DAF earned the prestigious International Truck of the Year 2018 Award. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF introduced a broad range of battery-electric, hybrid and hydrogen fuel cell truck models, which are currently in field testing with customers. DAF Brazil earned the Truck Brand of the Year honor for the third consecutive year and increased its market share in just five years of operation to 6.7%. PACCAR’s focus on sustainable business practices were recognized by the environmental reporting firm, CDP. PACCAR achieved an A rating, which puts us in the top 2% of the over 6,000 companies, which report to CDP. And we’re especially proud that Peterbilt and Kenworth were recognized as Top Workplaces for Women by the organization Women In Trucking. PACCAR has a strong record of shareholder returns. PACCAR has paid a dividend every year since 1941, and has delivered annual dividends of approximately 50% of net income for many years. In 2018, PACCAR declared dividends of $3.09 per share, which was a 41% increase over 2017. Total dividends declared exceeded $1 billion for the first time. PACCAR has increased its regular quarterly dividend at an average of 11% per year during the last 20 years and raised the quarterly dividend another 14% beginning in 2019. PACCAR’s total dividends declared for 2018 result in a robust yield of 5.4% at year-end. PACCAR repurchased 5.8 million shares for $354 million in 2018, which was the most since 2007. The Board of Directors authorized additional share repurchases last year with $540 million remaining at year-end. PACCAR’s fourth quarter revenues were a record $6.3 billion and fourth quarter net income was $578 million. Revenues were 15% higher than the fourth quarter last year and net income was 39% greater, compared to the adjusted net income of $416 million earned in the fourth quarter last year. PACCAR delivered a record 50,400 trucks during the fourth quarter, 6% more than the third quarter. The increase in production resulted for more build days in Europe compared to the third quarter and better supplier performance. Truck and parts gross margins were 14.2% in the fourth quarter. Truck pricing was good with price realization comparable to the second and third quarter at about 2%. During the quarter, we incurred some additional material and labor costs due to supplier constraints, but conditions improved compared to the third quarter. By the end of the fourth quarter, supplier deliveries to the factories were in good shape. Our Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF factories and purchasing and supplier management teams again did a fantastic job of managing production, delivering a record number of trucks and achieving the highest operating margins in the industry. In the first quarter, we’re expecting slightly higher deliveries compared to the fourth quarter. Deliveries are projected to be up over 15% when compared to last year’s first quarter. Truck and parts gross margins are estimated to increase in the first round to – first quarter to around 14.5%. Now Preston Feight will provide an update on DAF PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I’d just say, last year was an extraordinary year for PACCAR Parts. They put a lot of things in place, which we reap the benefits of those last year. We continue to invest in additional capacity this year. So we’ve got two pretty major projects: one in Las Vegas and one in Brazil for next year. So the programs that have been put in place will continue to generate positive returns. And so, we think at this point somewhere in the 5% to 8% range, but we’ll see how the year progresses and we’ll have better insight in that as we have this discussion three months from now.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, over 450,000 orders last year was – I would still call it super normal, I would call it abnormal, which was, yes, great for the backlog. I was just at the ATD meeting last week, meeting with several of our dealers. The dealers are very confident about the ability to deliver the trucks that are in the backlog and very confident about orders that will continue to fill in the openings that are there and we’re already taking some orders for 2020. So industry conditions are very positive from our perspective.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I’d say, I mean, Harrie can have this one. But I think it’s mostly just reflecting the higher production levels.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I’d say – that’s a very – unfortunately, there’s not a really strong gauge of the parts market like there is on trucks. But I would say, based on seeing our parts revenue growth relative to the competition, what we can glean from that is that, our share position improved in – really in all of our markets last year and again, kudos to the parts team for the great things and investments they’ve made in warehousing, in programs. And I think we’ll continue to grow our share without – again, without knowing precise numbers.
Ronald Armstrong: So – but as you look next year, Steven, I think, the orders are pretty well in the house for North America. And so we know what that pricing is and we commented on what we think the first quarter margin is a little bit enhancement up to around 14.5% in the first quarter. And we’d say, if you look at the full-year, probably in the 14% to 15% range for the year.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I think, we sort of think about it in three different layers. I think where we’re at today in the – sort of the demonstration phase where we’re learning about new technologies and how they work, next step would probably be some level of low volume production, which would probably be starting next year. And then at some point, once the commercial viability of these technologies are good and the customers – the customer demand is there, I mean, ultimately, for us, it’s all about the customer demand. And I think, the economic feasibility will dictate a lot of that as time goes on. And so, we’re doing everything we can to be prepared and be ready and be as smart as we can be about those technologies. And we’ll be ready to start production when the customers’ demand is there for those products.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I think in the early stages, we’re working with a variety of partners to identify what technologies work best, but also getting smarter about what role we want to play and what position we want to have in these alternative powertrain components. So that’s still being studied and evaluated for the long-term.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, there’s no mark-to-market. We just look at valuations of our used truck inventories every quarter. And once we adjust typically, if there’s a write-down needed, we take the write-down and then that becomes the basis going forward. So no mark-to-market enhancements, it’s all about just – the market pricing is better and we’re getting a better result from our used truck activities, particularly in North America.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So if you look at truck margins, truck margins in the fourth quarter, I think, we’re about 11.9% – 11.8%, 11.9%. And so, because the revenue growth in the first quarter will be more related to trucks than parts, you get a bit of a mix effect that has a margin impact. So that’s sort of what we’re seeing. And if – and we’re seeing good – really good performance by our suppliers in the month of January and that ensured that continue that there could be some upside. But right now, we’re making our best call based on how we see it currently.
Ronald Armstrong: It could. And so, we’ll – again, I think we’ll see how things progress here as we work through the first quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: Let me just – if we can – the orders were strong while we look for the numbers. We had a really strong December in Europe, and…
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I mean, we – when the valuation is attractive as it is currently, we step up our efforts on the repurchase activity. And so that’s been the approach we’ve taken for years and we’ll continue to apply that. We still have $540 million of authorization that will continue to manage through 2019.
Ronald Armstrong: So I’d say, it’s a combination of all those things. There will be some additional bricks-and-mortar added to some of our facilities to really increase the efficiency. One of the things that we’re going to be doing, we’re going to be investing in a new paint shop in Chillicothe, Ohio. So that’ll be pretty sizable addition and we’ll redirect the current paint shop to be more involved with assembly capacity. We’re also looking at machining investments to support the success of PACCAR MX engine and just to continue to increase the efficiency of all of our factories around the world and we’ll be preparing for new product launches and the facility requirements to go with that.
Ronald Armstrong: We definitely are, where there’s supplier is, you can’t get it done fast enough to support what we want to do, then yes, definitely, we’re providing investment – suppliers with capital investment and it’s going to benefit PACCAR.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. The European market has been above 300,000 for three straight years. We based on how we see things, we think 2019 could be the fourth. And so we’re starting the year in a real positive vein with where we’re at. But it’s four years and it’s – we’ll see how long it runs. But we do have some conservatism baked into our thinking as we progress through the year. But hopefully, that doesn’t turn out to be the case.
Ronald Armstrong: We’re pretty fortunate in the UK. We have – we’re the only OEM in Europe that has a plant manufacturing product in the UK, and that provides us a bit of a competitive advantage depending on how things play out with Brexit. And I think everybody believes that there won’t be a hard Brexit, but in the event there is, it actually, from a competitive situation, it actually plays into our favor. So we’ll see how it all develops, but we’re hopeful that there’s a nice smooth approach to the transition there.
Ronald Armstrong: So, the big thing is just the operating leverage on the warehouse and sales and marketing spend. And so you get the benefit of that. You get this – we continue to see growth in our engine part and engine part sales, which typically have a little bit higher than average margin, and I don’t think that’s going to change. I think, we’ll continue to see engines – engine parts growth probably still be a leading product line that will help us develop the parts business in 2019. So, offsetting that, we – last year, we constructed the Toronto PDC, which is now up and running and doing great. And so, you’ve got some project costs that we continue to incur just to support the growth of the business going forward. So that tends to offset a little bit, but that’ll be pretty – all pretty normal. And so we’d see some – probably some leverage from that 5% to 8% revenue growth.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think, there’s – there bound to be some, if there’s a hard Brexit, it’s – there’s bound to be some temporary disruption. But that’s – again, that’s temporary and again, because we are the sole producer in the UK. From a competitive standpoint, it’s actually a bit of an advantage for us.
Ronald Armstrong: So the backlog, the customers are engaging in discussions about 2020. They’ve got their build slots outlined for 2019. And so some of those discussions are occurring and…
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. I mean, what will actually be 2020, that’s to be determined. But as we see it right now, there’s people still need and want trucks. And we’re – are we trying to figure out how to build more trucks, not – that’s – and that’s what you see a little bit in our first quarter delivery plan. As far as margins, we’re just starting the year, given a pretty broad range and we’ll have better feel for how suppliers are going to perform over the year and cost movements will be. What’s the impact of commodities and tariffs, et cetera. So, that’s still – we think we have all that pretty well dialed in, but we’ll see how it progresses as we go through the first quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. Our teams are – our materials teams, our purchasing teams, our quality teams, I mean, they’re working closely with our suppliers. And they had some – our suppliers had some difficult hands and they got to dealt with a few hurricanes and a few things like that in the second-half of last year, which – that’s sort of behind us. And so they’ve gotten their legs under him and so, we’re working closely with them to be able to support the progression of build that we want to achieve during the 2019.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, we’ve grown the portfolio with the additional truck deliveries, record truck deliveries and the ability that we’ve financed about 24% of those globally last year and we expect that will continue next year. So I think, we’ll continue to see some modest portfolio growth. And right now, the portfolio is performing excellently. Our past dues are really at historically low levels. And so we entered 2019 in good shape, and so we feel good about where we’re at for 2019 with our Financial Services business for sure.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, 14% to 15% margins are excellent. There could have been some unusual circumstances 10 years ago, 15 years ago, but I think, we’re in great shape. The cost and the revenue side of trucks these days are much higher given all the emissions add-ons that have occurred over time. So that probably could have some impact on the percentage realization over time, but whether it’s 14% or 15% or 15% to 16%, it’s pretty strong.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So if you look at 20 years history, we were at 10% 20 years ago and now we’ve progressed to 16.6%. So is 20 in our sights? Absolutely. And a key reason for the success this year was that model year 17 truck that was an excellent investment both from a performance standpoint, a parent standpoint, fit and finish standpoint. So it’s – the truck has just gotten better and better and we’re continuing to make investments for the future. And I think it’s just as we’ve seen in North America, we’ve grown – in that 20-year period, we’ve grown basically 9 share points in North America from 21 to 30. And so, yes, 20 is definitely in our sights.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. It hasn’t changed. We continue to look for window of opportunity that can provide a return. And that’s the challenge in China is finding the right combination where you can get a reasonable return. Harrie, Preston and I was well travelled there in the last several months. And so we continue to be there, evaluate it and the window will open, but it’s just – it’s an area of future opportunity and we’ll continue to evaluate just there as we do other parts of Asia.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. The Class 6 and 7 market, which is where we play is roughly 100,000 trucks in 2018. And Peterbilt and Kenworth achieved record deliveries, record market share of 17.5%. So the products that we have are doing great. And just like everything else, we’ll continue to make investments into product enhancements as we go forward. And as time goes on, more and more and more of our dealers get more engaged in that business. And so as we look at 2019, we think 100,000 trucks is probably a pretty reasonable approximation of that market for this year.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. So the – we’ll start making those investments in 2019. The – coming online is probably 2020 and we’ll – that’ll be able to support the increased penetration. As we said before, the MX engine basically will support 80% of customer applications and it just takes time to increase that penetration. We could put more in today if we had the capacity. And so that’s why we’re making the additional investments and we’ll continue to see that penetration grow to 50%, 60% over the coming near-term period, I think.
Ronald Armstrong: Just over 40 in North America. And, of course, it’s 100% for all the DAF products that get sold in Brazil and Europe. And so, I think overall for PACCAR, it’s about 60% penetration for all of PACCAR.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, pricing is pretty steady. Not seeing any appreciation, but just pretty steady. And demand – more of the used trucks tend to go towards Central and Eastern Europe. That’s also a big growth area for DAF for new trucks. DAF is the leader in the Central European markets. And so that’s steady as she goes is how I would think about it, that’s what we saw in 2018, that’s how we’re thinking about 2019 at this point.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, the flexibility of managing cost structure is a real strength of PACCAR, and we can manage that quite well. But also, we’re making some great investments as we always do in the products for the future. I would say incrementally, we’re going to see – we’re seeing more investments in R&D on the alternative powertrain and software development side. That’s where the intellectual property is being created and we’re making those investments there and we continue to make good strong investments in diesel poweredtrains. We’ve got emissions requirements being enhanced in really all of our markets. And so we continue to invest in those arenas and in the new products of the future that are going to get us to those market share goals that we talked about earlier.
Ronald Armstrong: The pricing has been negotiated, agreed, and that’s representative of our market price and the great value that our products bring to our customers. So it’s pretty well set.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. We’re still working through that, Joel. We’ve worked with quite a few companies who are developing autonomous technology. So partnering with them, but we’re also developing our own capabilities. We have our Silicon Valley Innovation Center and we’ve hired a software engineer specifically focusing on develop – developing our own level for capability. And so, we’re very focused on, again, sort of like alternative powertrains, trying to figure out where we want to have the intellectual property and where we want to partner with others on developing that capability.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. In 2018, U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck retail sales were 285,000 units. Kenworth and Peterbilt had a record production and achieved a strong 29.4% market share. In 2019, we expect the U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck market to expand further to a range of 285,000 to 315,000 vehicles. Kenworth and Peterbilt have a record backlog with production visibility into late 2019. U.S. economic and freight indicators were strong in 2018, with nearly 3% GDP growth, 3.8% industrial production growth and 6.6% freight tonnage growth. Fleet utilization levels are very high at 97% in the fourth quarter of 2018. In 2019, U.S. GDP and industrial production are expected to grow another 2% to 3%, which bodes well for freight volumes and demand for trucks. In the past, the surge in orders was often driven by a pre-buy related to an emissions change, that is not the case in this cycle, which has been driven by economic and freight growth. Kenworth and Peterbilt customers are benefiting from the industry-leading operating efficiency provided by our trucks, as well as superior after-market support from PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services. PACCAR showcased many innovative products and technologies last year. DAF introduced the CF Electric, LF Electric, XF Hybrid and CF Hybrid trucks. Peterbilt introduced Model 579, Model 520 and Model 220 electric trucks. Kenworth introduced a T680 hybrid truck and two T680 hydrogen fuel cell models. Earlier this month, several of these trucks were on display at the CES Technology Show in Las Vegas. We had a terrific turnout of people interested in PACCAR technology and the opportunity to see the trucks and technology firsthand. We were the only OEM displaying trucks at the show. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF alternative powertrain products are in field trials with customers, focusing on regional distribution, refuse, urban delivery and port applications. These applications will be the most economically feasible for customers in the medium-term. Longer-term, alternative powertrain vehicles will likely be competitive in more applications. While we are preparing for the long-term by making investments in alternative powertrain technologies, we do expect diesel to remain the most efficient and cost-effective powertrain technology in heavy truck applications for the foreseeable future. The PACCAR Innovation Center in Silicon Valley completed its first full-year of operations in 2018. The Innovation Center team complements PACCAR’s extensive R&D efforts and is focused on developing a production-ready level for autonomous PACCAR truck. The team has developed an excellent reputation with the entrepreneurial community with start-up companies, venture capital firms and academia. PACCAR was recognized in 2018 for its innovations in software and manufacturing. DAF was honored with the Computable Award 2018 in The Netherlands for its 3D Truck Configurator web application. Peterbilt in Denton, Texas, the PACCAR engine factory in Columbus, Mississippi and the PACCAR truck factory in Ste-Thérèse, Canada each earned a prestigious Manufacturing Leadership Award from Frost & Sullivan. These manufacturing innovations and arms factory capacity, efficiency and safety exemplify PACCAR’s operational excellence. We invested $437 million in capital and $306 million in R&D expenses in 2018. In 2019, we’re planning to increase capital investments to $525 million to $575 million and increased R&D expenses to $320 million to $350 million. These investments will develop the next generation of Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF trucks, enhance PACCAR’s diesel and alternative powertrain technologies and add additional capacity and efficiency to the company’s manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. Thank you. We’d be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: I think the lion’s share of that will probably be in North America with some improvement in Europe as well compared to last year’s first quarter. And we’ll see – yes, we’re seeing – we’ll see some improvement in South America as well. So I think, most of the regions will be up in Mexico, I think, will be up as well.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, that’s a tough one. There’s just so many inputs that go with that. So, I don’t recall that being that specific. So it’s – it is an impact and it’s tens of millions, but it’s hard to quantify.
Harrie Schippers: And if I look at the backlog for 2019, that’s pretty normal We’ve got a very normal mix of fleet business, bigger fleets and smaller fleets, a retail business by our dealers. And we try to manage that backlog also that in a year where the lead times extend that we’re able to supply all our loyal customers with the trucks that they need.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, used truck prices have improved nicely as we mentioned. And if we look at cancellations, we don’t see a lot of real consolations. If we see cancellations, it’s cancellations for reorders. So a dealer changes the type or the customer for a truck, but not any significant cancellations so far.
Harrie Schippers: We just – we don’t know what the other – we know what our situation is. But we don’t really have any read into what the competitor numbers look like.
Harrie Schippers: But it’s still very – it’s still very limited for 2020. The big fleets plan requirements in 2020. In general, we haven’t issued our pricing for 2020 yet, so that’s still to come. So once we launch or issue our pricing for 2020, we’ll see more orders for 2020.
Harrie Schippers: We just – we feel really good. If you look at our cash over time, it’s plus or minus 15% of our balance sheet and we’re basically setting about that point. And so we’re quite comfortable with where we’re at and continuing to opportunistically buy shares is work for us and we will continue to apply that approach in 2019.
Ann Duignan: Oh, sorry, I had you on mute. Sorry. Good morning. I guess, a lot of my questions have been answered. But if we could take a step back and look at your backlog again, particularly in North America, can you talk a little bit about the mix in there of sleeper versus Class 8? And also maybe the large fleet versus smaller owner operator, or any other color you can give us on the mix of that backlog, would be great? Thank you.
Ann Duignan: And nothing unusual sleeper versus Class 8 straight, I’m thinking more oil and gas kind of related infrastructure…
Ann Duignan: And then in that context also, perhaps you could talk about used values and also the cancellations that escalated for the industry over the last couple of months. Can you talk about what you’ve seen in cancellation, cancellation rates, or what you’re dealers not ordering for stock to begin with, so there have not been the same level of cancellations? If you could talk a little bit about that, that would be good.
Ann Duignan: And is that your assessment of the industry cancellation rates, that it is more canceling and resetting of delivery train trucks that.
