Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and excellent operating income for the second quarter of 2016. PACCAR's second quarter sales and financial services revenues were $4.4 billion, and second quarter adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure, was $372 million, an 8.4% after-tax return on revenues. Adjusted net income excludes a favorable $109 million adjustment to the reserve, established in the first quarter this year, reflecting the settlement of the European Commission investigation. Including the reserve adjustment, PACCAR reported net income of $481 million in the second quarter. PACCAR achieved excellent truck, parts and other gross margins of 15.2%, driven by Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF's premium products, DAF strong 16% market share, a robust European truck market and rigorous costs control. I'm very proud of our 23,000 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 36,700 trucks during the second quarter, in line with our expectations, deliveries in Europe were 17% higher than last year second quarter. In the third quarter, PACCAR deliveries will be slightly lower than the second quarter, due to the normal summer shutdown at DAF. Third quarter gross margins are projected to remain strong, but down slightly from the second quarter margins due to the lower production in Europe. PACCAR's industry-leading operating margins reflect the benefits of DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth's new truck models, record plant operating efficiency, good truck markets and continued material cost savings. We've raised our forecast for Europe's greater than 16-tonne market to a range of 280,000 units to 300,000 units, reflecting strong demand and the steady economic outlook. The Eurozone's GDP growth expectations for this year are 1.5%. Freight transport activity on German highways in the first half of this year was up 3.4% over the same period last year. Since the vote in the UK to exit the European Union, DAF's truck orders, parts and service sales and finance business continue at strong levels comparable to the period prior to the vote. The economic picture in the U.S. is positive, with GDP forecast to grow 1.9% this year. The housing and automotive industries create a large amount of freight. Housing starts are projected to grow 11% this year to 1.2 million and the automotive industry is expected to deliver 17.2 million vehicles similar to last year's record sales. The ISM Manufacturing Index has been over 50 indicating expansion for the last four months. Consumer spending and disposable income are outgrowing the overall economy, which is supportive of freight in the truck industry. We estimate U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales will be in a range of 220,000 units to 240,000 units this year, which is the third best in the last decade. Peterbilt and Kenworth's combined retail sales market share of the U.S. and Canadian market was 28% in the second quarter. Our share of net orders so far this year is strong at 34%, as customers benefit from Kenworth and Peterbilt's reliable, fuel-efficient trucks, and industry-leading resale values. PACCAR Parts business generated quarterly revenues of $756 million, a 5% increase compared to the first quarter. PACCAR Parts quarterly pre-tax income was $133 million, with a return on revenues of 17.6%. These results were driven by good fleet utilization, the growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation, and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts and our dealers. Second half Part sales are expected to improve from first half levels. PACCAR Financial Services second quarter pre-tax income was $77 million, excellent portfolio performance contributed to the good results. During the quarter, PACCAR Financial began providing retail financing in Romania, its 23rd country of operation. PACCAR Financial also acquired land in the Chicago area to construct a new Used Truck Center and expand its sales of Kenworth and Peterbilt premium used trucks. PACCAR strong balance sheet and cash flows have enabled the company to invest $6 billion in new products and facilities in the last 10 years. PACCAR achieved record net operating cash flow of $1.6 billion in the first half of 2016. PACCARs' capital spending of $325 million to $375 million this year is targeted at enhanced aftermarket support, manufacturing facilities and new product development. Research and development expenses are estimated to be in the range of $240 million to $260 million. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by developing the highest quality products and services in the industry. Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.
Ronald E. Armstrong: The dealer inventories are in excellent shape, in both of our key markets North America and Europe, and they have been. We adjusted build rates in the second half of last year to balance with demand and we've had steady inventories and steady build during the first half of this year, and projected to see that continue for the second half of this year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No, I think there's a lot of trucks still being produced on some of the backlog. And so, I think orders will come back to better reflect what the retail sales activity is. The great news is that Peterbilt and Kenworth, because of their approach to building trucks to customer orders, they've gotten a higher share of the orders during the first half of the year, just under 35%. So they've done a great job of supporting their customers.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Oh, I think it's – I think I'd say, it's bottomed out and so the opportunity is up from here, I think.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think as we look at the second half – I think we see second half Parts sales, probably be up 2% to 4% compared to the first half levels. Traditionally, the second half Parts activity has been a little higher than the first half.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, based on the information we have about dealer inventories, I think we're probably below where some of the competition are with respect to their inventory positions, but we're very comfortable with where we're at, both Europe and North America. With respect to 2017, I guess based on as we sit here today, it feels like some of the negative forecasts feel a bit bearish at this point. That's about all I can say at this point.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think at this point, we've seen reductions over the last several quarters. I'd say their prices are – or costs are firming, but we don't anticipate any significant impact of material costs movements in the near-term.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Peterbilt and Kenworth were 28% and reflecting the great products and services with parts and finance that we provide through our dealer network. We have the strongest dealer network. So, when I started with the company, Peterbilt and Kenworth were 21% and they've grown to 28% over a period of time. And over the 20-year period, we've owned off, we've gone from 10% – less than 10% to 16%, so we have a long-term track record of incrementing that share and I think that's our focus with the product lineup and the support activities that we have in place today that will continue to be our focus to achieve those increments.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I'd say it was very comparable, nice consistent order board throughout the quarter. So, I'd say it's very consistent with what we saw in 2015 levels. And if you recall 2015, we were increasing build rates throughout the year, this year we started at a stronger pace and we've maintained that and anticipate further build rate enhancements in the second half.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. It's small and it's very discrete in terms of particular customers and activity. So, it really is – the portfolio is performing great, the past dues have been less than 1% now for many years and it continues to perform at that level.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think as I mentioned, we'll see both production and margins down slightly in the third quarter as a result of the European summer shutdown period.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it's – looking at the results some of our customers, those that have reported, you see the results are still good. They are not maybe as buoyant as they were a year ago, but still good solid results. And I think a lot of their decisions about truck orders will be driven by the economic conditions. We're seeing lower orders in the first half, and as we talked about I think we'll see orders pickup and customers start to place orders to get in their positioning for 2017 build slots.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, used truck prices in Europe are pretty steady. They have been and we're starting to see a few Euro 6 trucks enter into the market and the Euro 6, DAF Euro 6 trucks are really earning a nice premium in the used market. In North America, we have seen a reduction, several of our competitors have sizable quantities of used truck inventories, that sort of dampen the entire market. The good news is that Peterbilt and Kenworth continue to enjoy 10% to 15% premium, relative to the competition. And that's part of the impact on PACCAR Financial Services. Last year, we were earning nice gains with a buoyant used truck market. This year those gains have gone down as a result of just lower average sales prices.
Ronald E. Armstrong: No. No, I think, we'd look at that every quarter and adjust our residual values based on the current market at that time. And so that's been reflected in our quarterly results.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, orders have been, just talk about Europe first, orders have been, as I mentioned, very good, and we have a solid backlog and we're anticipating that we'll probably increase our daily build rates during the course of the second half. And North America orders have been below production and retail sales. So, we continue to produce trucks that were ordered in 2015. So, but that – we got some good solid orders in the backlog and we'll continue to build those trucks as well as the orders that are coming in on an ongoing basis.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, as we develop new products and have developed new products over the years, we always take a look at enhancing our proprietary content of our vehicles and obviously, with the increasing mix of MX engines in the truck park in North America, that's going to enhance our margin opportunity over time with respect to engine parts. But we also trying to focus a lot on selling parts – our TRP lineup of all makes and those have a little bit narrow margin on those. So it's a balance. And so, I'd say, margins will be fairly consistent with what we've seen in the recent quarterly performance.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well obviously, it's very early days with, you know, advanced driver assistance systems, and all of the divisions are actively engaged in discussions with suppliers across divisional lines, technology companies, really there's a lot of participants that we think can help support our entrance into those technologies. So, we're very active and it's going to be probably more than five years before you see something on the road that is fully autonomous and operating day-to-day. Don't know how long that will be, but it's something that everybody is focused on, and we're making some sizable investments in the technologies and capabilities in that area.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think pricing in Europe is pretty – is relatively steady and has been for some time, and U.S. pricing is also steady, obviously the lower used truck prices can impact large transactions you do with fleets. But that's – I'd say the pricing in both markets is pretty consistent.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. So, post Brexit, as I said in my comments, the order activity and inquiries continue at good solid rates. We upped our range estimate for the European market. And as I mentioned, we're going to be enhancing our build rate in the second half in Europe to reflect that demand.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, the medium-duty product is the same excellent product that we've had in the market for the last several years. And last year, we achieved a record share of 17.2% and we're in that same range, slightly lower than that year-to-date this year. The medium-duty market is – last year was in Class 6 and Class 7, where we participate, was about 80,000 trucks and we think that market is going to be comparable to that level this year. And the durability and again the residual value of those trucks is great in the market, well received by our customers.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. So, we have two facilities, one in Salt Lake City, one in Spartanburg, and as there are more larger – the average order size of transactions increases over time, more of those involve trade activity, and we participate with our dealers in consummating those transactions. And so, we want to have a very efficient way and effective way of selling those used trucks into the marketplace. And so this just enhances our capability, and I think we'll see some additional investments over the coming years in used truck distribution capability.
Ronald E. Armstrong: The change from second quarter to third quarter, I think we'll be down 500 trucks to 1,000 trucks, and substantially all that's Europe.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think your first two comments were pertinent. The input costs we've benefited from lower input costs. In 2014, we were still transitioning to the Euro 6 product into the factories, we were ramping up the 2.1 meter product and we were gaining a lot of ground with the MX engine production over that period. And so, the efficiencies that have come with being two years after some of those transitions getting the full benefit of the 2.1 meter products, and our North American factories, all those factors have added and incremented that operating margins. So those are sort of the key elements of it.
Ronald E. Armstrong: It's not so much the pricing as it is the operating efficiency. The Euro 5 to Euro 6 transition was occurred in a short period of time and as you get past the launch period, you start achieving the operating efficiencies and performance in the field that goes with the enhanced products. And so I think that's just what we've seen over that couple of year period.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I don't have that, but that certainly is something that's been an enhancement in our results, is the (32:52).
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think, the second half would be comparable to the first half. As I mentioned earlier, the first half of this year compared to last year was primarily the effect of lower used truck prices and the resell of used trucks that come off lease in our Financial Services operations.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I'd say, based on some recent visits to Brazil that, there is, I guess positive momentum in the country with the transition of leadership and the feedback that we get from our customers and our dealers, the product is being very well received. Dealers are enthusiastic about the long-term future as are we. And what we need is just a market. The market is going to be 35,000 trucks or so this year, that's down from a peak of 100,000 trucks. We're continuing to increase our deliveries and our share, albeit at low levels, but the opportunity is definitely there. Our team has done a great job of positioning the brand, establishing the parts and service capabilities. So, I think there's going to be a nice upside, as we progress and I'm hopeful that 2017 is going to be a stronger year than 2016.
Ronald E. Armstrong: If you look at the history of Brazil in those peak markets, there were very strong margins in that market. And so, there is no reason that can't happen again, but that's ways away.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think if you look at the history of our Parts business. In the last 10 years, it's grown in an average annual rate 6%, 7% per year and I don't see any reason that can't be comparable pace as we go forward. We continue to invest. We just, in June, had the grand opening of our new distribution center in Renton here in the State of Washington. We're looking at additional distribution center, expansions or new locations both in North America and Europe, and looking at some of the other countries supporting that distribution capability as well. The team continues to invest in their e-commerce capabilities, their support of dealer programs, making it as easy to do business with PACCAR Parts as possible, expansion of their TRP brands and PACCAR branding. So, there's no reason that the team can't continue to grow that business sort of beyond and get a bigger share of that aftermarket Parts market.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think the pre-tax relationship to revenues would be consistent with what we've seen historically.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, a lot of that delivery volume is driven by the number of workdays. And fourth quarter for DAF typically has the highest number of workdays in their year. So, all of the things being equal, the fourth quarter is typically one of their stronger quarters.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, I mean, we obviously monitor orders daily. And so, we're very vigilant and we based our production on the level of order activity. And so, as we progress through the summer, get to the September-October timeframe is typically when sort of gauge the level of order activity for the rest of the year and how things might shape up for the beginning of 2017. So three months from now, we'll talk about what our initial expectations are for 2017, a little early at this point.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, I think, again we have long-term arrangements with our suppliers that sort of feed the cost movements into the product over time. And so, at this point, it's not a significant item and we continue, obviously, to work with our suppliers on other elements of cost reductions and incorporating new technologies and new materials into our products. And so, there is always some ongoing cost reduction efforts that we have that tend to offset some of the commodity cost movements.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well we continue to work very closely with our suppliers of transmissions, axles, after-treatment and get – be able to achieve the integration of their products and our products, to provide our customers with the most efficient powertrains in the industry. And so that's our focus, is to continue to have calibrations and capabilities that are customized and suited to our powertrain technologies.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Boy, I'd say it's fairly comparable if you look at the all-in external margin, it's pretty comparable.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, we have the benefit of having manufacturing operations in the UK, the only OEM to have that. So, we have a partial offset to our revenues that we earn out of the UK. So, the impact as we see it for 2016 is relatively insignificant. And assuming the currency stays at its current level, then the OEMs will make pricing adjustments to achieve a reasonable margin on their businesses in the UK over time. So, we don't see it as being a major factor in our margins over time.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, again, I don't know what you're comparing. If you're comparing back to 2014 to now, clearly currency has had a sizable impact on the revenue side, but also on the cost side. And the cost side has gone down over that period of time because of the excellent factory efficiencies that we've gained with our new products, the performance of those products in the field, the material cost savings, the benefits of commodities, and just ongoing, working with our suppliers to incorporate new materials, new technology into the products to achieve better operating efficiency and cost levels. So the MX engine penetration is beneficial to that as well. So all those things are the elements that are driving that enhancement over that period of time.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think, that's a lot of that is mix, because the European units have a slightly lower average sales price in the North American units.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I mean yeah. Truck connectivity is just something that everybody has to have in today's market. And we're into Phase 1 of a probably 20 phase era of enhancing that on an ongoing basis. And we evaluate our suppliers and capabilities of who can provide that. And so, we'll continue to work with our partners and provide the best solution that we think is available in the marketplace for them to get the best result operating the truck.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think that's – we have suppliers that – I guess I would add the connectivity pieces, call it common technology. What's most important is, what we do with the data and how we interpret that data in a way that makes our trucks perform better in the marketplace, helps our dealer, support customers and that's all home-grown, so the connectivity piece is pretty common technology.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes. This is reflective of what the retail activity is at our dealer locations and our team continues to have great products and services for our dealers to help them to gain share, but I think the overall market is little softer than what we had anticipated previously.
