Preston Feight: Good morning. Harrie Schippers and I will update you on our excellent fourth quarter and record full year 2019 results and business highlights. Thanks to PACCAR's outstanding employees around the world, 2019 was the best year in the company's 114 year history. PACCAR achieved record revenues of $25.6 billion and record net income of $2.39 billion, a 9.3% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR strong financial performance in 2019 benefited from PACCAR Parts record pre-tax profits of $831 million and PACCAR Financial Services pre-tax profits of $299 million. PACCAR has achieved 81 consecutive years of net income and a total shareholder return in 2019 of 45%. The company has paid a dividend every year since 1941. In 2019, PACCAR declared dividends of $3.58 per share a 16% increase over 2018. Total dividends declared were a record $1.24 billion. PACCAR's fourth quarter revenues were $6.1 billion and fourth quarter net income was $531 million. PACCAR delivered 45,700 trucks during the fourth quarter compared to 49,300 in the third quarter. There were fewer build days and lower build rates in North America compared to the third quarter. [Indiscernible] remained steady. The U.S. economy performed well in 2019, which contributed to a strong truck market. In 2019, U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck retail sales were 309,000 units, the second highest truck sales in history. During 2019, Kenworth and Peterbilt combined market share increased to 30% compared to 29.4% in the prior year. In 2020, the U.S. economy is expected to grow by about 2%. The new U.S. MCA and China Phase 1 trade agreements could provide upside in the economy and are good for PACCAR. We estimate that 2020 U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck market to be in a range of 230,000 to 260,000 vehicles. European above 16-tonne truck registrations were 320,000 vehicles in 2019, reflecting continued robust customer demand after several years of steady economic growth. DAF delivered a strong 16.2% market share. In 2020, the European economies are projected to continue growing and we expect another excellent truck market with above 16-tonne registrations in a range of 260,000 to 290,000 vehicles. I would like to recognize PACCAR's high performing Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF dealers who are the best in the industry and important contributors to our success. Truck and parts gross margins were 14.4% in the fourth quarter. Truck pricing increased during the quarter, more than offsetting costs. In the first quarter, we expect deliveries to be 5% to 7% lower than the fourth quarter due to normalized markets and build rates in North America. First quarter truck and parts gross margins are estimated to be around 14%. PACCAR continues to take a rigorous approach to controlling costs throughout the business cycle and delivers industry-leading operating margins. Other 2019 accomplishments included PACCAR delivering a record 199,000 trucks worldwide. Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF expanding the range of battery electric, hybrid, and hydrogen fuel cell trucks in field testing with customers; and South American deliveries increasing by 60%. The company's focus on sustainable business practices were recognized by the environmental reporting firm CDP. For the second consecutive year, PACCAR achieved an A rating, which puts us in the top 2% of more than 8,000 companies which report to CDP. PACCAR is one of only 35 companies in the United States to earn the A rating. In addition, we're proud that Peterbilt, Kenworth and PACCAR Parts were recognized as top workplaces for women by the organization Women in Trucking. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services, and PACCAR's investments in future growth.
Preston Feight: Sure, as we just said, we do expect deliveries to be overall 5% to 7% lower and that's kind of matching to where the market really is. North America is more of that than Europe is. Europe's been fairly stable for us through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter and real issues matching to where the normalized market has become where we're seeing the normalized market. So it's nice for us as we have a pretty good percentage of the backlog, I think it is roughly 34% of the backlog and compared to the inventory where there -- we are a smaller percentage of the inventory. In fact, we only have about two months' worth of inventory, 2.5 months of inventory sitting in there. So we are in pretty good shape that way and it's just normalizing to the market.
Preston Feight: So when you look at the first quarter and it's kind of where we stop our guidance to it is we look at the 14%, I think that's really continuing to deliver as PACCAR does excellent industry leading margins and that's kind of consistently good for us and we're pleased to be able to deliver that and that's really because of the performance of our teams on the truck side, the financial services side, and the Parts team and in composite that works really well.
Preston Feight: When we look at SG&A, one of the nice things for PACCAR is we have the lowest SG&A in the industry by a [ph] substantial. We do a great job of managing that. As a percentage of sales, it was actually down in 2019 at the end of the year and we always take a look, we have a rigorous approach to cost control at all elements of the business both in up cycles and down cycles and we continue to manage that cost to the great levels we maintain. It's how we think about it. Consider very little things, very little is fixed costs and just try to do a great job.
Preston Feight: Sure, our backlog is really sitting around 34% is what we have now. As we look at orders, orders are a complicated thing because it depends on everybody's inputs for what's an order and what's been canceled. So what we think about more is we make sure that what we're building has a firm order a customer name on it, and that's what we do and so we've been able to adjust our build rates aligned with our orders and that carries us forward as we look into next year.
Preston Feight: I think we think about it in a little bit more close in view than that. We think about whether the orders we have right now present the backlog we need to keep the factories running smoothly and that's where we're at right now. We've continued to adjust as I said, we think, first quarter's deliveries will be down 5% to 7% and build kind of matches that. Actually, it has to tie together. So that's where we're thinking about in the first quarter. We are operating in what we think is a good economy, GDP growth is going to be up almost 2% in the U.S. We think European GDP is growing. So there is some positive reasons to think about the economy and the operating environment. So we'll see what happens through the course of the year as far as build.
Preston Feight: Sure, used pricing as we said in the last quarterly is continuing to be a headwind. I think in the last time we talked about it being somewhere in the double-digit declines and so a nice thing for being part of PACCAR, as we have an amazing team in our PACCAR Financial Services Group that does a great job of managing the used trucks. We sell the best trucks in the industry and the second owners love buying PACCAR products. It's really one of our inherent advantages and the other part of it is, I think we continue to invest in our used truck organization so that we add new used truck centers throughout Europe and North America to make sure that we are meeting the market needs as we grow our market share, it means there is ultimately more used trucks and we want to take care of our customers with those used truck centers.
Preston Feight: Well, what we experience right now is we have just fantastic products out there with great dealer network, great products out there, and I think there just is strong demand for our products. This really is simply as it can be put as people want to drive the best trucks and have the best services and the best powertrains and that's what we offer. So we build again -- coming back to what -- we build to what an order -- to the orders we have and that's driving our increase in share and that's as simple as we think about it, it's really kind of a nice picture for us because they're great products.
Preston Feight: It's a good question. Our inventories are in a really good shape. You said 73,000. So that's kind of a round number. If I use a round number for us, call it 18,000 of Kenworth and Peterbilt combined. It obviously depends when you start it, but as we have 30% of the market share, we really only have 25% of the inventory. So that says again that we're in pretty good condition and some of that inventory, quite a bit of that inventory is with body builders right now. So we have the leader in the vocational market and so some of those trucks are getting bodies put onto them right now.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that there is a couple of things going on and the parts team continues to do an outstanding job. They have great technologies they are employing. It is something that we maybe don't give enough sharing of. Their e-commerce program is outstanding and that's doing a great job of making sure we have the right products at the right places. As we mentioned in our earlier comments, we're investing in distribution centers as well. A new distribution center coming online this year in Las Vegas, Nevada, another one in Ponta Grossa in Brazil. Those contribute to parts performance. We continue to grow our proprietary power trains you mentioned. So I wouldn't say that's stable. That's a growing opportunity for us. Last year, we finished at 43% for engine sales being with our MX engines. So that's great. It was 47% actually in the fourth quarter. That's another opportunity for us. You mentioned the great trucks and the growing share they contribute to the parts teams growth. There's just a lot of great things happening on the parts team and so we have a great future to look forward to there.
Preston Feight: No, I think what you see is the freight volume does drive demand, but it's really about the size of the part bigger -- bigger influences or size of the part, size of your proprietary content and that takes a few years to mature where parts consumption is really growing. Again, looking forward, I think that we have a great amount of freight being hauled right. Freight tonnage was up last year over 3% and so that's going to contribute to utilization, we agree with you on that.
Preston Feight: No, I think you characterized it well and then we think about incrementals and decrementals in that 15% to 20% range and so what as you said, we saw in the 2016 time frame and I think that's a nice way to look at it going forward.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that the 4% to 6% obviously is what we said for how we look at it going forward and I don't think I would try to stratify that by quarter. I think it's going to be good performance throughout. Obviously, there can always be moments of cyclicality that are impossible to kind of guess where people are going to be by weeks or a month, but in general with great freight volumes, a great parts team, the right product lineups and the right investments, it's going to continue to deliver.
Preston Feight: Well, that's, if you go back and look, that's where SG&A has kind of run for us. Again, comparing it to the industry, it's significantly, the leanness of PACCAR shows through and we continue to do a great job of managing that SG&A and I think we'll continue to do that going forward.
Preston Feight: Take a longer view of it and look where PACCAR has historically performed and know that we'll perform in that same level, as I think I would guess I'd share is we will continue to rigorously manage our costs and control them and make the right decisions to build the future of the company in a great way.
Preston Feight: I think we have an amazing team of engineering people around the world and they're doing a fantastic job of looking at how we should go to production. We're working closely with all the customers who's interest is in alternative powertrains and we'll have the right technologies for those customers when it comes time. We continue to do that in PACCAR's way which is with good decision, making prudent investments, and leveraging our supply base and the other companies that are out there.
Preston Feight: Let's take the first part of the question, I think we are the leaders in the vocational market, Peterbilt and Kenworth are, and they do a great job of that. The vocational market is doing really well throughout U.S. and Canada. Housing start is up, construction being strong. PACCAR does a great job there and so that's a good percentage of our orders. We're obviously pleased with how that's working and feel like that will continue through the course of the year as the economy develops. I think from the European side of the question, I think Europe is working the way we thought it might work into the first quarter where our build rates have been stable there for two quarters now, more than two quarters and we're delivering good market share and people are loving the DAF trucks. Freight continues to be moved from Central and Eastern Europe into Western Europe. That's kind of a continuing trend line -- macro trend and we benefit from that because DAF is a market leader in those areas and it really contributes to our success.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think what we did is we said that we have a growing economy. So that's contributory. We're very close with all our customers and we spend a lot of time talking to them about how their businesses are working because that's really the underlying principle for how our build will develop. In the last even few weeks last week or two, I've talked to several of my friends that are refrigerated carriers, flatbed haulers, and truckload carriers throughout the country just to see how their businesses are running, they're running well and yet, we still feel like there will be some, there was probably an over-buy in 2018/2019 and so that's going to normalize itself into the 230,000 to 260,000 kind of a market for U.S. and Canada.
Preston Feight: It's not that specific. I think people buy trucks when they need them and there is a huge population of people buying trucks, so it would be not accurate to model it that way, not that specifically.
Preston Feight: I think the team has done a really nice job in the FinCo of delivering good performance. We expect that performance to deliver through the first quarter and then we'll watch as the year develops through that.
Preston Feight: Yes, so two thoughts to that is, we had 16.2% in the 2019, which was the second best year ever, which is coming off of our 16.6%, you're right, that was up 1 [ph] point and 1.3% [ph] we had huge gain and we've held on to that gain and we have good momentum right now I think. The other part of it is on the medium-duty side, we grew our share from 9% to 9.7% during the course of 2019. So we actually grew there and then I think it's -- I wouldn't try to isolate down from that. The U.K. did really well, but we are performing well in a lot of the markets in Europe and I think the DAF trucks are really performing and helping our customers be successful.
Preston Feight: Yes, your final statement is characterizing it accurately. What you say is we had record new business volume in 2019, the $5.6 billion that was a contributor to revenue growth and then more volume on the used side was the other contributor to revenues and that was the headwind on the profit side.
Preston Feight: Well, it is a dynamic market. I think that the nice thing is, as I said and it can't be over-stressed, the fact that especially maybe the second or equally the second owners really like our products. So that's helpful to us from the price position compared to the rest of the industry. So that works to keep us at a premium, not just for the first, but the second owner and then I would share your comment that things have stabilized a little bit. We see one way to look at that is that the amount of inventory coming in is equal to the inventory going out. So that's helpful as well. We're not building used inventory and so kind of the state of where it is right now.
Preston Feight: No, in fact that's not exactly how we saw it. We saw CapEx was kind of slightly higher than where we'd started and we have a good cash flow or CapEx plan for 2020 as well, which is going to deliver the great products we need. I wonder if you're looking at the cash flow statements more than your CapEx commitments.
Preston Feight: I think that's what you're looking at. I think so -- [indiscernible] is the number that we're talking about for 2019.
Preston Feight: I think what we said is we would expect in the first quarter that deliveries will be down 5% to 7% and that's obviously matching the order intake.
Preston Feight: Sure, it's been a fantastic journey for us there. We have a great set of dealers really neat products down there. We've got a lot of success with the dealers and the customers. I think the brand reputation for DAF in Brazil has grown tremendously in just a very short period of time. We're looking at our market share growth opportunities as being substantial. We think that the market is relatively stable down there. So Brazil comes in at 75,000, the South American market overall is 100,000 to 110,000. As we noted, we increased our deliveries by 60% last year in South America. So, substantial growth that way. We'll just look forward to continuing growing the truck sales. The parts business is doing really well. We introduced the Financial Services business for customer financing in Brazil last year. So a lot of good activity happening for us in South America.
Preston Feight: TRP has been a great addition for us in reaching a new customer base. They've done a fantastic job of that. There's 210 stores now that are in operation. So that's growth year-over-year. We'll keep growing the number of stores where they make sense with our dealers all around the world. That's in Europe, it could be in Russia, it could be in South America and North America, all of the above, really. So we'll continue to see the brand grow and perform well and bring new customers to PACCAR.
Preston Feight: So we have a great powertrain offering, obviously the MX engine that's a core of it. We have great relationship with Cummins as well who does a great job of supporting our customers with their powertrain. We did grow our MX engine share to 47% in the fourth quarter for a full year average of 43%. Part of what enabled that is we invested in manufacturing capacity in the course of the year last year. So we have adequate capacity to build as many MXs as we want for the customers and we look forward to seeing that continue to grow as we move through the cycle.
Preston Feight: I don't have that detail sitting around in front of me, but they did increase. I just don't know the number in front of us.
Preston Feight: So, I think that that general percent is okay but we have great growth opportunities in the heavy side and the medium side as we look forward to it. So we'll continue to see share develop at PACCAR positively. Take a steady approach to it and been very successful growing share and we'll continue to find that same success. I don't think there'll be much of a shift though and I don't have the exact number, but you can -- your numbers of ratios are about right.
Preston Feight: Well, you hit some of them, right, we're going to keep growing organically. We're going to grow geographically where it makes sense and provides a profit for the corporation and we're going to keep making the prudent investments in technologies that deliver great trucks and powertrains to our customers when they need them. So all of those will be areas that we grow in.
Preston Feight: It continues to be a focus. We continue to do well with it. We did grow as a percentage there in the straight truck market. That's going to continue to be an area of what we just talked on the prior question is organic growth for us.
Preston Feight: No, there is no limit. I mean, we're the market leader in tractors and we'll continue to be enjoying that and looking for extension of that and growing on the straight truck side as well.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think we build trucks to order is the essence of it, which is different than the automotive industry. What we do is when we talk to our customers and they need to truck, then we schedule that in and we try to maintain some kind of a visibility whether that's four, eight, 12 weeks and that's how we define our production schedules.
Preston Feight: I think if you think of in terms of truck part and other, in the truck side, there will be obviously market dynamics drive differences, but we have a continued strong performance, an increasing percentage of our performance coming from parts and they are doing a great job. So it's a little bit of a balancing factor to it looking back to prior cycles, but no, I don't think you should think that PACCAR's going to do anything except deliver the best margins in the industry.
Preston Feight: Well, first of all, our hearts and prayers go out to the people there and the country that has been affected -- adversely affected to it. No, I don't think in the longest term that it is going to have any impact to us. We'll continue to be the market leader.
Preston Feight: I think it's pretty much on track. It has to make commercial sense or be regulated in and we have really good partnerships that we're working with to bring the right trucks to the customers and we will supply them the best trucks, the best alternative powertrain trucks as they need them.
Preston Feight: There could be. I mean that can happen. It can happen in Europe that way as well. I think from our standpoint, that's not going to material effect how we develop the products. What we're going to do is develop the best technologies with the highest performance and then we will just supply those for the markets they need based upon where the customers are operating.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. In 2019, PACCAR Parts generated record annual revenues of more than $4 billion and record annual pre-tax profit of $831 million. Annual parts revenue grew 5% and profit grew 8% compared to 2018. Parts fourth quarter revenues were $994 million and quarterly pre-tax profit was a strong $205 million. PACCAR has steadily increased its truck and engine market share over the years, resulting in a greater number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation. At the same time, PACCAR has consistently expanded its network of parts distribution centers such as the ones opening this year in Las Vegas, Nevada, and Ponta Grossa, Brazil. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers have made large investments to increase their service capacity. The growing part of PACCAR trucks and power trains and the enhanced parts distribution and service network grant [ph] future long-term growth. In 2020, we estimate part sales to grow by 4% to 6%. PACCAR Financial Services achieved 2019 records in annual revenues of $1.48 billion, new business volume of $5.6 billion, and portfolio assets of $16.1 billion. The portfolio continues to perform well with low past dues and low credit losses. Fourth quarter pre-tax income was $68 million, the same as in the third quarter. PACCAR Parts and PACCAR Financial Services profit contributions enhance PACCAR's financial results through all phases of the business cycle. I'm pleased to share that in 2019, PACCAR was recognized for its products and manufacturing innovations. DAF earned Truck of the Year awards in the U.K., Poland, Czech Republic, and Slovakia and the Green Truck Logistics Solution Award in Germany. Kenworth Chillicothe and Peterbilt Denton each earned a prestigious 2019 Manufacturing Leadership Award from the National Association of Manufacturers. At the CES Technology Show in Las Vegas earlier this month, PACCAR showcased a Level 4 autonomous vehicle and two battery electric trucks. We had a terrific turnout of people interested in PACCAR technology and the opportunity to see the trucks first-hand. Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF have each announced that they will begin producing alternative powertrain trucks in the next 12 to 18 months. PACCAR is a leader in all powertrain technologies that drive our industry including diesel, battery, hybrid, and hydrogen fuel cell. PACCAR invested a record $744 million in capital and $327 million in R&D expenses last year. In 2020, we're planning capital investments in the range of $625 million to $675 million and R&D expenses of $310 to $340 million. These capital and R&D projects will develop the next generation of fuel-efficient vehicles and enhance the company's manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: Sure. So the PACCAR Financial had a good quarter. We have a good portfolio, record revenues, so that drives a lot of the profit improvement, but like Preston said used trucks continue to be a headwind for the finance company. We expect that that will continue in the first quarter and customers continue to pay their bills. Past dues are low, below 1% and credit losses are favorable too. So we expect with all of that the first quarter results of the finance company to be very similar to the fourth quarter.
Harrie Schippers: Sure, some of that reflects the increased volume of used truck sales that flow through the finance company.
Harrie Schippers: So we have the product in the straight truck side. So if you look at markets where that has been for a long time, the U.K. Netherlands, Belgium, a straight truck market share is about the same as the tractor market share. So we do have the products. It's just a matter of growing that business also in markets like Germany, France, Italy, and Spain.
