Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Let's start with margins. We think margins for the first quarter will be comparable to about a year ago.
Mark C. Pigott: Gross margins. And in terms of production, first quarter versus fourth quarter probably will be down about 10%, and most of that is in Europe. But as I say year-on-year, production will be up about 5%, so we're pleased with that. And as the year goes on, we look for some steady improvement in the margin side. All of Kenworth, Peterbilt, DAF are all doing a very good job, and all the new products that we've been working on for the last 3, 4 years seem to be met with very strong market reception. Customers like it. They're delivering all the attributes we wanted. And I think when we will look at things like record market share at DAF it's a very positive signal for the company.
Mark C. Pigott: Initially, I think we've been able to do it reasonably well. And, obviously, that's our goal, and it's been our goal every year or 2 as we have new environmental regulations to comply with. So that's certainly something that I think we're becoming quite proficient at incorporating into our designs and working with our dealers to pass through most of that additional cost.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, the good news is we're doubling production in a week or so from 1 truck to 2 trucks a day. That's always positive.
Mark C. Pigott: If you've got the magic wand, we'd be interested. So that's -- it's going well. Obviously, it's a multiple-year program as we gradually ramp up production, but we're encouraged during the early days. And I think as we get towards the end of the year, certainly, we hope to be at least breakeven at the facility. So I think your analysis is accurate.
Mark C. Pigott: Our market share is a record. In fact, we've got very strong market share in the fourth quarter and in December for DAF, over 17%. And so we're very, very pleased with that.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, we -- the pre-buy started in the third quarter, and inventories increased at the end of the third and during the fourth. But as we got to the end of the fourth, a lot of those trucks started to be delivered to customers, registered, and so we finished very strongly.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. That's a good question. Really, as we look through this year, we probably have about 20% of our production will be Euro 5, primarily for markets outside of Western Europe. So that will be ongoing for a number of years.
Mark C. Pigott: No. I think the pricing environment is pretty steady. If anything, it might be a little bit better. I'm not sure who you're talking about. We've increased share. Some of our competitors might have lost a little bit of share, which might have some impact on them. But our products are very well-received. We're having a lot of great truck shows. The dealers are excited about it. And our goal is to continue to have the best products in the industry and gain a little bit of share every year. So we're -- pricing is reasonable.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, the economy, they're talking about over 2% GDP growth, I think, for the U.K. this year, which should be very healthy. Yes, they had a slightly different program in the U.K., and as a result, we still are delivering some Euro 6 and Euro 5 vehicles in the U.K. They seem to be very upbeat in the U.K. right now, which is encouraging. I know even on the car side, they're going to be well over 2 million units for the car industry. So...
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think there -- U.K. is always pretty forward-thinking in terms of embracing the new products. So I think our share, once again, went up in the U.K. as a marketplace, and the dealers are -- have embraced all our new products. But everybody -- in all the regions that we operate, this is every couple of year program. So I think the industry, the customers, the dealers have been through it in the last 10 years 3x. So they know the drill.
Mark C. Pigott: I think we are on a steadily improving path. And a couple of reasons for that. First of all, in the fourth quarter, I'm talking about U.S. and Canada, the industry had a little over 70,000 orders, which is the best quarter since the first quarter of 2006. So that's quite a few years ago. Second, as you've seen, but just the macroeconomic data, the U.S. GDP growth in the fourth quarter was a little over 3%, which is good for all industries. And finally, as we talk with our customers, we just had our large dealer meetings, more and more fleets are saying they feel good about it. Construction is going to be -- home construction starts over 1 million, 16 million car production estimated this year. They're starting to say, "Let's start to replace our vehicles. We feel good about our own industry. We see our end customers are improving their business." So I think steadily improving path, positive. So we feel good about it.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. We look at Rest of the World or -- we look at all these home markets. That's how we look at them. Russia continues to be a very strong growth story for us. And 3,900 units, primarily DAF and some Kenworth trucks in there, adding new dealers, very excited about that market. Taiwan, we're now the second largest market share in the sort of 16-tonne market, and that continues to grow. Mexico is down a little bit because of some, let's call it, economic changes that they're implementing, but we think that's starting to stabilize. Colombia, which is a very strong market for us for most of the last decade, has declined because they finished some major infrastructure projects. I think that's now probably at a stable platform, and hopefully, that will improve. Australia, actually, is improving again. It's been pretty good through all the last decade. So for us, we see that's a very important part of our business, and probably, we're -- we might be at the low point and look for some positive improvement there.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well, I'm very proud of the team at Parts, record total revenues, $2.8 billion, and as you've indicated, they continue to grow. We're looking for some growth again this year of, hopefully, at least 5%. We did add a number of the Parts distribution centers. Our largest one in Eindhoven opened up about a year ago. And we continue to examine. Do we need additional one? We have a new PDC in Brazil connected with the factories. That's starting to -- its operations. So they're all -- these Parts guys are always coming up with very innovative ideas that we still -- we have a record truck market out there in terms of number of vehicles, and they're doing a very good job of growing the business into other businesses, whether it's competitive brands or bus business, trailer business. So that's a big driver for us, at least 5% growth this year.
Mark C. Pigott: Let me jump in on that. Probably, that'll be a great topic probably when I'm not actually in the seat. So let's kind of take that off-line.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, Parts -- well, let's just start with Parts. But Parts in Europe is -- has done a very good job, and they said they've got some new infrastructure and new programs there. The dealers have completely embraced a lot of the new innovative program that they've introduced. So we're encouraged with Parts, and we think that'll have some growth this year. I think on the trucks side, everybody, the whole industry benefited from the pre-buy, and I think a number of the manufacturers are back to production levels that they were at about a year ago. And as Europe gets a positive GDP, we expect to gradually increase production.
Mark C. Pigott: It was pretty good all the way around, yes. Aren't they all? All the different areas made a good contribution.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think, basically, the customers are doing well. Some of them have seen profits down from a year ago. Some have seen them up. But I think, overall, as the U.S. and Canadian economies achieve some strong GDP growth, I think that will be good for our customers, and I think they're optimistic. They've been through some tough times, but over the last year or 2 or 3, things are improving. So you're starting to see some pretty good results from a wide range of industries, and most of them have some sort of trucking impact in terms of deliveries or shipments or whatever. So I think our customers are feeling pretty good.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think the -- we're looking at, as I said, 5%-plus growth for Parts, and we expect to see that both in North America and in Europe. So I don't know what else I can really add in terms of that. Kenworth, Peterbilt, we're looking for steady growth in terms of increased production. DAF, we think we've covered in pretty much good detail. And we continue to have some growth outside of Western Europe, so that's encouraging. And to say we just launched a whole new range of vocational vehicles just in the last few months in Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF, and I think the timing appears to be very good as the, let's call it, the construction markets, different applications are starting to see some improved economics. So we feel good about that also.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think all of our truck groups have good margins. So we look to improve every one of our truck brands.
Mark C. Pigott: No. We've had strong return to our shareholders, very important platform for our company versus, say, 108 years, and that will continue to be a main driver for PACCAR. And we've had steady growth in our quarterly dividend program. And when appropriate, we've had the special dividend. And I think our cash position is pretty much in line with where it's been for a number of years. And yes, as you say, we have invested a lot in many parts of the world, and I think that'll start to really generate some positive benefits for the company over the next few years.
Mark C. Pigott: Last year, as you know, it's 149,000 [ph], and we said it's going to be comparable. We are increasing our production rates. As I mentioned, Brazil, certainly, has been in the news in the last few months about different macroeconomic policies. In terms of the effect on us, probably not that much because we're really just growing our business right now, people like the DAF products. Our dealers are investing and putting in new service locations throughout the country. Obviously, we track what's going on in a macro level, but we continue to invest in Brazil. And we look at this as a 50- to 100-year program, and we're excited about it.
Mark C. Pigott: I think we're having already a positive view just in the last month or so, and it's certainly very early days. Certainly, on the dealer side, on the customer side, we're starting to get some orders, and the product seems to be doing very, very well and meeting the expectations of what our customers expect. It's a little bit wider cap and very fuel-efficient, very comfortable and seem to be just what the customers are -- have been looking for.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think 2 major ones. One would be home construction. The other one that's been in the news, obviously, is with natural gas. Looking at home construction, it's rebounding at a reasonable rate. Everything that goes into a house is brought by a truck. A lot of trucks are in that business, whether it's steel, brick, glass, sofas, white goods, whatever. So that -- I think that is very encouraging on the natural gas exploration. That's -- I think it's been pretty stable to a little bit lower in the last year or 2. But I think home construction is very strong. And then on the cars, 16 million cars, trucks play a very important part of that. And moving componentry to factories, completed goods from factories to dealerships. So we're encouraged by that also.
Mark C. Pigott: I think R&D -- we've had so many wonderful products and projects underway in the last 5-plus years, as we always do. We have a lot of programs going on right now. I think R&D might be a little bit lower this year than last year. As you say, we've concluded a lot of these programs. They're doing well and maybe a little bit lower for next year or so but still at a very steady rate.
Mark C. Pigott: We did in sort of high-30%, 37%, 38%, and our goal is to keep growing it. I think as we look at the entire industry of last year for North America, as we mentioned this in the last year or so, the 13-liter, which is the engine that we have -- of course, we just introduced a new 11-liter for Europe, soon to be in North America. But 13-liter is about 50% of the market, and the 15-liter is about 50%. So that seems to be holding very true. And we think that the 13-liter will continue to grow, so we feel good about it. And we've now manufactured over 50,000 engines at our Mississippi factory, and it's doing well on the launch.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, yes. I think you're correct, it's probably mid-90s, low- to mid-90s. Sometimes it's a little hard to actually get an accurate number on fleet utilization. It's certainly higher than it's been because we've been through some challenging times. But starting a few years ago, I think fleets have focused on their improved fleet utilization. Obviously, there is an upper limit. It's hard to get more than 100%, but -- basic math. But -- and I think that's one of the positive drivers for our industry in terms of orders. And as I mentioned, fourth quarter was 70,000 units for the industry. That -- you get to mid-90s, and for a customer to grow, you've got to probably take on additional trucks. So I think that's another positive factor in our industry this year.
Mark C. Pigott: I think there's pretty good financing available out there. Certainly, we've got a great program with PACCAR Financial. Then we have our leasing arm, which is doing pretty well and achieving strong results. And then we see a few more banks coming back into the business. As the economy improves, everybody wants to get back into it. So I think for the small to medium to large fleets, there's certainly good availability for financing.
Mark C. Pigott: No. It's a good question, but I don't think it really has any impact. No. We're still probably a little ways away from sort of the positive impact on maybe parts and service side of it, still really growing our population of engines is the way I'd look at it.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think right now, it's probably a reasonable run rate, and then in a year or 2, you get into, call it, early midlife updates on the vehicles. There's always engine work going on and continue to look at enhancements to our facility but I think reasonable run rate right now.
Mark C. Pigott: I think as I mentioned earlier, the timing for Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF to come out with their new vocational vehicles seems to be -- it looks like we have some great sales and marketing guys. I think they really hit the timing perfectly with these new products coming out. And the MX-11, I think that's going to be a big win for PACCAR for -- once again, for all of our truck guys around the world.
Mark C. Pigott: We continue to evaluate it, and we do have authorization, as it makes sense to do it. Right now, we're -- we've been investing in new products and engines and factories and distribution centers. But certainly, an ongoing strategic road for us.
Mark C. Pigott: Absolutely. Yes. No, it's -- we got great engines and it's something that is always being evaluated.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, I think as we're here in the last day of January, I think we'll stay with that range. But I think your analysis is correct, and we look forward to updating you in a few months. And I can say we've got an important truck show coming up in probably about 6 weeks. We'll get a better flavor then. But it looks encouraging, I'll just put it that way.
Mark C. Pigott: Excellent question. I think we've got [ph] probably a little more time than we might have on this call because it's -- I think the price of natural gas, the price differential to diesel is just one component of that equation. The other ones have certainly been discussed and debated and reviewed, and that is the infrastructure, the benefit and the effects of the improving diesel engines. So the way we look at it is that we're very pleased to have a strong share of the natural gas market. It's still in that 1% to 2% range for the total industry as it grows, and we expect it will grow over time. We will look to grow our own business with it. And so that's a broad, broad discussion that probably we don't have time to do right now.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think that cost is declining as we are getting a little bit more volume of installing natural gas onto our trucks, our chassis. And some of the suppliers are gearing up to improve the efficiency of making some of the componentry. So I think, over time, that spread will decline, will decrease.
Mark C. Pigott: Used trucks, really, both in North America and Europe, our brands continue to maintain their strong position relative to the competition, and it's been really steady over the last year.
Mark C. Pigott: We're working on the SuperTruck project with the government and Cummins, and that's exciting. And we're just looking at the whole, let's call it, powertrain componentry and what we can do, either working with our suppliers or working independently on continuing to enhance and make it more efficient. So I think that's about all we really can talk about.
Mark C. Pigott: There's really not that much. I mean, I would say each quarter has its own season, but we look to ramp up each quarter, depending on that season. So that really is not a factor. I think there was just a lot of Parts business in the fourth quarter, and I think they did a great job of handling it. So I don't think there's much to read into that.
Robert J. Christensen: Yes. Our share -- it's early days, but 1% to 2%, I think, is a very reasonable target. And as soon as we get the orders in, we build them, we ship them, we sell them. So it's pretty quick process for us in Brazil.
Robert J. Christensen: Yes, it really reflects just the timing of some recoveries on some previous charge-offs that we've had.
Robert J. Christensen: Yes, sure. The impact on earnings was about $12 million, and the impact on revenues was about $80 million, positive.
Robert J. Christensen: Well, the impact on the quarter -- that $12 million is a pretax number, just to clarify. And the impact was mostly from the movement of the euro. And currently, our revenue stream from Brazil is low enough that it's not going to have a big impact on us, the movements of the real.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering, Ron, if you could just talk about what are the biggest strategic priorities that you see for the business over the next 3 to 5 years. And obviously, we're building out the business in Brazil, but I'm wondering if you could just expand and talk about additional opportunities that you're evaluating.
Jerry Revich: Sorry, for trucks. So if the Parts business is picking up steam, presumably, we could see orders picking up for new trucks once we get through the overhang.
Jerry Revich: And lastly, in the U.S., your trucking customers have had trouble pushing price increases or at least as anticipated in '13. I'm wondering if you could talk about what you're hearing from them about the pricing landscape for their business at this point as they set some of their annual contracts in the spring.
