Mark C. Pigott: I think the margins will be relatively stable. It's what we're seeing in the markets really around the world. I guess that's probably the forecast for the year.
Mark C. Pigott: Let me kind of break that into 2 parts. One, in terms of Chillicothe, where we -- the good news in the last year, we've increased the employment at Chillicothe. We have almost doubled it, and we've got a lot of wonderful employees there. We've had to make some adjustments. What probably wasn't reported was the increase in hiring in our facilities in Mexico and Australia. So kind of looking at the bigger picture, we obviously hope that we can increase production at all facilities, but sometimes that's not possible.
Mark C. Pigott: That is an excellent question. Let's talk a little bit about aftermarket. Our Parts group and all the aftermarket services are performing well, and we continue to introduce a lot of exciting innovative programs, whether it's selling parts and services for our products or for our competitive brands. So that's going well. As I mentioned in the prepared statements, we're looking to expand our facilities in Eindhoven and in Madrid. So I think that bodes well for the future as we look to continue to grow. In terms of the truck side, the market overall, when you look at the greater than 16 tonne over the last 10 years, this year will be the third or fourth lowest, I guess I'd put it that way. It's going to be a reasonable market. We have made a minor adjustment to the upper end of our forecast range. The good news is that DAF just had a very successful truck show in Amsterdam at the RAI, introduced the Euro 6 and some of their new aerodynamic products. Market share is holding up well for DAF. So Eurozone is certainly in the paper for a lot of other things besides the truck market. And as that gets resolved, it may take time, I'm sure the truck market will improve. Our customers are in good shape. We meet with them on a regular basis. A lot of them came to the show in Amsterdam. There's freight to haul but like any good business people, they want to make sure what's going to happen in the next 12 to 24 months. So that needs to get resolved first. So it's going to be a reasonable year. It's one of the lower years in the last 10 years, but DAF's doing very well in Europe.
Mark C. Pigott: So I'd say pretty -- echoing Michael's side, it'd pretty stable to the first quarter. And I think what we -- you guys and we have been around for a long time. In the U.S. market, this is still one of the lower markets and of course in Europe, it's the third lowest in the last 10 years. So if you can get back to the upper half in terms of market size, that tends to drive some margin improvement as people are more eager to purchase trucks, and pricing isn't as competitive. So unlike a few -- well I see some other -- a few other industries, it's being impacted by still an uneven economic recovery. The good news is that we've got strong market share, we're introducing a lot of new products and I think the Brazil is an exciting venture for PACCAR that has some opportunities for improved margins. If that seems to be the location or the region of the world where most of our competitors achieve their highest margins, and certainly PACCAR is at the premium end of the scale, that could bode well. We'll actually have to get our factory up and running and sell trucks there.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think that's a good one. Also on the suppliers, 6, 9 months ago that was the topic that we're talking about and suppliers are in good position. I know you've heard from a few of our suppliers and will hear from more of them over the next week or 2. I think their factories are in good position. They're getting good returns. The pipelines are in good shape. One item that certainly has been in the news is Nylon 12 and the fire in the factory in Europe. I just would address that our suppliers, particularly Eaton and Parker and a few others are working that very hard. We seem to be in good shape. The whole industry obviously is discussing it. That includes the automotive groups. And the good thing and one of the things we love about this industry is that when we do have these industry opportunities, everybody rallies around and they come up with some creative solutions. So I think as Ron mentioned, I think good pricing from suppliers, good steady deliveries to our factories and people love our products. And some of you were at the Mid-America Truck Show and you could hear by the roar of the crowd when we unveiled the new Kenworth and Peterbilt, there's -- we're taking these products to the next level in terms of comfort, reliability, durability, low cost of ownership. So a lot of good things progressing.
Mark C. Pigott: I would say that it's certainly one of the -- one of the benefits of these new products is not only better performance and profitable opportunity for our customers, but some reduction in cost. But I think to have any meaningful impact, it will be next year. We're just having a very limited released start-up in terms of production.
Mark C. Pigott: I think a little bit of both. We got a lot of projects, as I tried to share with you, and we got a very dedicated team who's working, and some of them have been able to achieve what they anticipate will be lower cost in some of these projects. But we got a lot going on, and it's going to be an exciting next couple of years.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well on the stock buybacks, as you're aware I think we put in our press release, we have authorization from the board, and we periodically go into the marketplace as it makes sense to repurchase shares. So that's an open authorization, and we'll just have to see how the stock's doing. That's kind of really how we're looking at it. In terms of other utilizations, one of great things about PACCAR, we got a wonderful balance sheet and we're able to take advantage of opportunities as they come up. The big project right now would be building the factory in Brazil, which is going very well.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure. I think the term you used is certainly the popular term right now, pause. Now when I pause my television, then I can't -- I lose the signal. I think what we're seeing here is not so much pre-buy. I think people have been ordering a good amount. There's still certain segments of our general economy, as I mentioned in my comments, sort of the construction side. And I focused in on the housing starts as one. But commercial activity is picking up in some regions, but still pretty low in a lot of regions. So that's certainly a percent of our business, and we tend to do very, very well. So that market is very low. Right now, if we get back to 225,000 for U.S. and Canada, that's replacement level or what we anticipate as replacement level. And as we talk with the customers and you probably saw a lot of them at Mid-America, they're pleased where their business is, but they're not expanding their business. There's not that many, say, acquisitions of one truck company buying another. That's -- a lot of that's been worked through the system, particularly during the recession in the last few years. So I think U.S. economy is still at pretty low levels of GDP growth. I think people are just -- they're buying what they need. They certainly recognize the very tangible benefits of having a new truck versus a truck that's 5, 6, 7, 8 years old. That can be measured in thousands of dollars per year. So I think they're just -- they're cautious. All -- their trucks are running. You don't go to a dealership or a customer and see trucks standing anymore. That's a thing of the past. So I think people are saying, "Hey, when I really get a good deal and I think that the economy is really strong and people are buying refrigerators and more computers and fixing up their houses, then you're going to see some good growth." And at 225,000, it's replacement value, but it would be nice to see the 250,000 and 275,000. That could be a while.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it is. And I think obviously, Eaton is a wonderful partner with us, and they kind of have their hand directly in the construction business with a number of the products that they sell that go into buildings. So there I think when they said they're seeing some of that on the commercial side, which is certainly a driver but we also have the residential side, it's still at -- well it's literally at 50-year low levels. So that needs a kick a bit. Because the commercial side, that's one step then you can get the residential side, another step. I think you'll see our customers are in excellent shape. When you see their financial results, the ones that are publicly traded, they're making good money. They love our products. They're excited about the new products as they come onstream. And -- but right now, we're just kind of at that level. We've been able to grow our share because people like the products. So we're expanding elsewhere like in Brazil.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it's an excellent macro question. I mean, 2% is okay growth for the general economy. I think we may get to a point, and it may not be a truck-driven solution. It may be more in the political arena in terms of people's demand for housing and what, let's call it, the more broader financial institutions are able to do in terms of selling home inventory, and once we get that home inventory sold, how that will then ripple into new home construction. Trucking would be the beneficiary of that. I'm not sure it will actually be the driver of that. So it could be -- we could still have 2% GDP growth but if there's other, let's call it macro political or macro financial stimuli, we could really benefit from that. But our customers are really in good shape. As I mentioned, we have good financial performance from our PACCAR Financial group, the PacLease group performing very well; very, very low past dues. And as you talk with the customers, I know you do, they're reasonably bullish.
Mark C. Pigott: And I would add one point to I think Ron stated very clearly, is that certainly there's been a lot of additional cost, and we've talked about this in the past, in terms of just the -- meeting the different EPA and European environmental regulation. I think the good news is that over time, the whole industry and usually PACCAR is the leader, you work with our suppliers and keep refining the cost of these after treatment systems, meaning reducing the cost. These are big cost segments to absorb, certainly for our customers. And I would say, having been in the industry for 35 years, over the last 10 years have been the biggest series of cost adjustments that we've seen in 35 years. And I think that probably needs to get a little bit more airtime. We didn't see it in the '70s, '80s, '90s but certainly from, say, 2000, 2002 on, we've seen it. And so the good news is we continue to work with our great suppliers like Cummins and others on reducing that cost. If we can then couple that with a stronger general economy that drives the demand for more trucks, as you've seen in your experiences as a stronger market people, they're a little bit more willing to pay more probably just for about for any item, but I'm talking about trucks now. So reduce the cost of the after treatment, get a stronger market and increase our pricing and we'll be doing very well. We're already doing very well. We had a great quarter.
Mark C. Pigott: And I think we've had PACCAR Financial in Europe for 10 years. So this is our 10-year anniversary or thereabouts, and so we're very pleased with the progress being made there. The dealers, it's just part of their integrated selling approach. The customers are comfortable and you recognize if you're customer and you have a 20-year relationship with a bank, it takes a while to shift allegiance to a different credit source. But they can see the benefit of working with one supplier, the dealer who supplies the trucks, the parts, the after service and the finance. So that's very good. Good credit availability in all our markets. That's really good news.
Mark C. Pigott: Sure, sure. Well we're very pleased. We've installed 22,000 engines of the PACCAR MX engines. They're doing well. We've got customers that are reporting excellent fuel economy improvements. And I just -- so we're very pleased. The factory continues to increase its production. I think you had an opportunity to visit it and if you haven't, I highly recommend it. One macro element that probably hasn't gotten a lot of press is that when we look at the industry in total for the first time in North America, 13-liter engines are now selling slightly ahead of 15-liter engines. And that's a little bit of a -- not a little bit, it's quite a sea change and there's a couple of reasons. First of all, there's still a good demand for 15-liter and we are very happy to supply 15-liter. Our customers love them. But the 13-liter brings a lower price, 300, 400 pounds lower weight. It can deliver a better fuel economy and it's just a very proven engine worldwide. So I think in terms of the timing, I have to take my hat off to our engine design group and production people because literally for the first time, I'd say in history, the 13-liter is now selling slightly ahead of the 15-liter. So it's exciting.
Mark C. Pigott: Still the 25% to 30% range. And it's exactly on schedule. And I'd say as we sell more of them and the customers are gaining the benefits, the word-of-mouth and the reports are positive and it's good.
Mark C. Pigott: Well, it is interesting because typically when housing is down, that actually frees up people for the freight truck industry in this slow period. It appears that a certain number, I don't have the exact percent, of those potential drivers who are working in housing decided, "No, I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to maybe spend the time away from the family." And there's probably overlaid on top of that some element in terms of the higher qualification standards which is good for the industry in terms of getting -- we already have -- the industry has great, great drivers and putting, let's call it, a formal guideline, will continue to strengthen the great industry. So there hasn't really been an issue in terms of driver shortage for many of our customers, particularly ones who are buying new trucks. They're attractive. They get good fuel economy. They're very comfortable and people that may not have been driving for a few years are very pleasantly surprised when they get into a new vehicle because they really evolved over the last 3 to 5 years. So yes, it's healthy.
Mark C. Pigott: Oh, that's a good question. Let me take it from a slightly different approach. The dealers that we've had in, let's call it, the shale, oil areas, they've seen demand that has been unprecedented whether it's in portions of Canada or Pennsylvania or the Dakotas, it's been pretty amazing. To be a dealer there is to do well. So I think in terms of just the frac-ing itself, I can't really comment on that. I don't think I can really relate that to sort of the trucking demand. But sort of the general focus on oil and gas has really been strong in terms of driving a lot of the, let's call it, local or super local regions. There's been a lot of demand for trucks in those regions. Let me just sort of segue off of that in terms of there's been some discussion about alternative fuels, LNG, CNG. And I think once again the good news is that PACCAR is a leader in offering the complete range of products including hybrid. We've got a strong market share, over 30%. And certainly in the press, maybe focused a little bit more on the car side than the truck side, but we've got good customers who like to buy that product. I think over time what will be driving that particular industry is the difference between the pricing for diesel and, let's call it, gas. What's going to be the differential, obviously the infrastructure in North America in terms of offering LNG, CNG is very, very small compared to diesel outlets. And I think we also have to recognize that the LNG or CNG in terms of the number of miles you can drive on 100 gallons of whatever the equivalent fuel you're using is about half of what you can get with diesel. So these are some of the elements that are not typically brought up in the press but when you're operating a truck company, you're looking at those very, very carefully. So the good news is PACCAR's a leader. We got the product. If that's what you want to buy, we're happy to sell it to you.
Mark C. Pigott: Well that is a question that's obviously getting debated in the press on, let's call it, a macro level. Right now it's a niche market. It's less than 1% of industry demand. The people who want it are generally pretty happy with it and we certainly are happy to build them and deliver them. Looking out 5 years, it's really going to be impacted by how fast will the buildout of the supply infrastructure be. That's important. The cost is almost -- it's almost twice the cost of just buying a normal Class 8 truck. So you got to have an operating environment that you can recover that cost. And for many, many customers, they just don't see where it's viable. So 5 years out, I think we maybe should be looking 10 years out. And if you look at the history in the automobile of hybrids and people like Toyota are probably leaders on hybrids, that's still a very, very small percent of the vehicles. I'm reading an interesting statistic in one of the magazines that the number of people who buy a second hybrid is roughly 25%. What that means is 75% of people that buy a hybrid don't buy another one because it's about 50% more expensive to buy it. So anyway, we're ready, willing and able and have a full range of product.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, that's right. That's right, but probably later in the year. I think there are some benefits to the new engine, that are the new EPA 13, that could have some minor positive benefit, but you probably won't see it this year, probably more next year.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes. Well, the -- we talked about owner operators. We love all our customers. I think it has to be taken in a broader light for any industry and that these owner operators, they're small businesspeople, they're very dedicated, they're wonderful customers. But I think to continue to grow, they typically align themselves with a larger company so they get whether it's the health care benefits, they get regular freight, they know the routing, they might have some sort of maintenance programs with a larger fleet. So I think the concept of the owner operator, it's a wonderful thought. But I think it's moving on to, I would now say, it's sort of small, medium and large businesses. That's the way I kind of look at it.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, I think the mix has been very positive. We've seen continued growth as -- we sell to like all the medium, large and extra-large customers. That's great business or great customers, great partners. And I think it's all good. It's all good. And that -- say, we're in a strong position and that you saw the new products we're coming out with. There's been great interest from a lot of people. And we're just bringing in the, let's call it, medium-sized cabover product. And there's been a lot of interest, particularly for people in intercity, urban distribution are very interested in that. So right now, we have the broadest lineup of products in our history, and I think that positions PACCAR very, very well. We're very excited about it.
Mark C. Pigott: Okay. Well a good question. The oil and gas sector for us is they're very good customers, but it has sort of minimal impact on market share for us. We are -- our market share is driven by, right now, on-highway haulers. We sell certainly to the oil and gas and other groups and we love working with them, but market share is really very, very minimal. I think the growth has just been people like the Kenworth and Peterbilt product. As you followed our company, you've recognized that first is really build the premium product and premium service and over time, the market share has increased as a result of that. People love the product. It's the low cost to operate. There's a lot of pride driving our products around the world. So in terms of our share, probably be in about the same range you're looking at. But that's not the #1 driver for us. The #1 driver is great premium product and that's what we work on hard every day, highest quality.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, you are correct that Brazil as a country continues to evaluate local content requirements. Once again, the good news is we meet all the requirements. That is certainly one of the first areas that we took a very hard evaluation of. The vast majority of our suppliers have been in Brazil, are in Brazil. We're working with them closely. In terms of the engine, we'll be sourcing essentially the vast majority of the content of the engine in Brazil. And if Mississippi was mentioned one time, maybe that was a thought. But we have suppliers in Brazil and we'll be sourcing a large percentage of the content in Brazil. We may do some additional machining or things outside of the country, but it's being bought in Brazil.
Mark C. Pigott: Well I mean, we're going to be -- we'll only offer the PACCAR engine. I think that may be one part of your question. We're buying the major components, the heads, the blocks in Brazil.
Mark C. Pigott: I think you actually described it pretty well. You absorb these large cost increments and then you work with suppliers and try to keep refining it. The customers who are the -- they're the final judge on what they're going to purchase, work through. They see the benefits of buying the new componentry. They are perhaps a little more willing to pay a little bit more because they can see the benefit will come to their bottom line. And in terms of this year, I think suppliers are in good shape. We've got the vast majority of our agreements or multiple year long-term agreements with our suppliers. So I think it should really be -- I think it should be very smooth in terms of supplier cost increases affecting us. And as a result, I think the pricing will be stable. Because I think you also have to incorporate what's going to be happening to the general economy, and that's more than just trucking.
Mark C. Pigott: It's very similar to the rest of the industry. You either have 1 or 2 list price increases during the year. So at the beginning of the year and the middle of the year is pretty typical. And so that's the timing. And you hope that it'll have some impact. That's really all I can offer on that.
Mark C. Pigott: I think our share, I think -- I just want to jump in. We build the highest-quality product in the industry. That's what we provide to our customers. And we've been very fortunate and we thank our customers for buying them. And that's what has driven the share. I think our production, our dealers are in very good shape. Their inventory is in good shape. So when we build it, it gets to our customers and they register it and that's what reflects the shares, so it's a pretty straightforward process.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, and we had some adjustments, and you're aware of those. In Europe, it's pretty stable. We took the adjustments essentially in the fourth quarter, a little bit in January. And in North America, the orders have seen some decline on the industry for the industry. And we'll also see -- I think Ann asked the question, are we sort of in a pause mode. So we reflect that also as our competitors do. So we're saying second quarter might be 2% to 3% down and first quarter we got some improvement in other markets. Mexico and Australia and South America's going well. So that's kind of where we are.
Mark C. Pigott: Yes, it's -- why don't we take that off -- let's not make something that it's not. We'd love to have house building strong again. That would be wonderful because it's timber, it's concrete, it's glass, it's carpets, it's refrigerators. It's a whole host of products that obviously many, many industries are involved with. And the good news, our share has gone up. The Kenworth, Peterbilt, DAF have done a fantastic job of growing on-highway business. We're into many, many more medium and large customers. So I think that's really the focus. But we're selling to customers who are out there. That's pretty basic.
Mark C. Pigott: You bet. We've got plenty of capacity. That's the good news. 130 is not an accurate number, but we're increasing it. And over the course of the next 12 month, we're looking to double the engine production, and that's kind of why we're on schedule.
Mark C. Pigott: No, it's a good question, but I don't think it's quite -- reflects what's actually going on. We're right on target. It's accretive and it's been excellent for our customers obviously benefiting for our dealers because it gets them into the engine powertrain business which is also good on, let's call it, the aftermarket support. So no, it gives us additional global volume which is a real benefit when we're talking with suppliers. And it also increases our expertise in engines, which as we look at doing things like Brazil, just enhances our opportunities to deal with customers around the world. So it's been a real win, a real win.
Mark C. Pigott: That's a great theoretical question. I think people enjoy the benefits of the 13-liter. I think we'll just leave it at that.
Michael T. Barkley: Yes, the -- compared to last year, our truck margins are up on a dollar basis, up 85% on 58% higher truck sales. And during the quarter, we were -- had slightly higher sales which resulted in better operating leverage, which helped us achieve a little bit higher margin percentage than what we had originally anticipated.
Michael T. Barkley: Well the incremental margins, we had 85% increase in truck margin on a 58% increase in truck sales, which was pretty good. And we also anticipate that during the course of the year, with truck sales being down slightly that there'll be some softness in margins, but it will be minor.
Michael T. Barkley: Our order intake in the first quarter was similar to the fourth quarter of 2011, if that's what your question was.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think again, what you saw was primarily the benefit of higher production levels. When you look at, compared to the first quarter, more trucks, some operating leverage and pricing costs are not a big factor at this point. Pretty stable and then you're getting some additional price realization, as Mark mentioned in his comments at the offset in the call.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it goes back to the discussion we had earlier about the markets. The fact that in Europe, the market currently this year is expected to be about the third lowest in the last 10. In North America, U.S. and Canada, it's fourth or fifth highest out of 10. So the markets just aren't as strong as we've seen historically. We've seen some of those peak margin levels. So at stronger market, stronger market conditions, I think there's upside to the margins.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yes, I think we've -- we continue to not experience credit demand for our customers. They're able to get their trucks financed. PACCAR Financial in Europe has been beneficiary. They've seen their market share grow from 20% to 24% last year. So a record share level for them in 2011, and we continue to see strong share performance in the first quarter. So our portfolio's performing very well and we see further potential for growth as truck sales evolve.
