Ronald E. Armstrong: Good morning. PACCAR reported good revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2017. PACCAR's first quarter sales and financial services revenues were $4.2 billion, and first quarter net income was $310 million, a 7.3% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly pre-tax profits of $152 million. PACCAR achieved excellent Truck, Parts and Other gross margins of 14.1%, helped by the strong European truck market and growth in PACCAR Part sales. I'm very proud of our 23,000 employees. We have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers worldwide. PACCAR delivered 35,000 trucks during the first quarter. Peterbilt and Kenworth raised build rates during the quarter in response to robust order intake. Looking ahead, we expect a 10% increase in deliveries in the second quarter compared to the first quarter due to higher build rates in North America and Australia. Second quarter gross margins are projected to be slightly higher than first quarter margins, reflecting the operational benefits of higher build rates. PACCAR's forecast for Europe's greater than 16-tonne market has been increased to a range of 270,000 to 300,000 units, reflecting strong demand and the steady economic outlook. Europe's GDP growth expectations for this year are 1.6% in the UK and on the continent. Freight transport activity on German highways in the first quarter was at record levels and up 3% compared to the same period last year. Year-to-date, DAF has achieved a 15.7% share of European heavy truck market registrations. The economic picture in the U.S. is also positive with GDP forecast to grow 2.2% this year. Housing starts are projected to grow 9% to 1.3 million units and the automotive industry is expected to deliver 17.3 million vehicles. Industrial production is estimated to grow 1.7% this year due to stronger manufacturing and mining output. This will be the first year of industrial production expansion since 2014. We estimate U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales will be in a range of 190,000 to 220,000 units this year. The economy's steady growth is supportive of healthy freight levels. The ATA Tonnage Index continues at high levels. Peterbilt and Kenworth's share of industry Class 8 orders so far this year is strong at 32% as customers appreciate the benefits of Kenworth and Peterbilt's reliable and fuel-efficient trucks and industry-leading resale values. PACCAR Parts quarterly pre-tax income was a record $152 million, 13% higher than a year ago. Pre-tax return on revenue was an excellent 19.3%. PACCAR Parts business generated quarterly revenues of $787 million, 9% higher than in the same quarter of last year. These results were driven by the growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation and the many innovative products and services offered by PACCAR Parts and our dealers. PACCAR's dealers worldwide have invested over $1 billion over the last five years to open 200 new dealer locations in North America and Europe. PACCAR's new truck models and expanded powertrain have created a tremendous business opportunity for PACCAR and our dealers. These dealer network investments support PACCAR's continued growth in truck market share and aftermarket sales. PACCAR Financial Services first quarter pre-tax income was $57 million, compared to $80 million earned a year ago. Excellent portfolio performance was partly offset by the effects of the industry's lower used truck values in the U.S. and Canada. PACCAR Financial continued to invest in the remarketing of PACCAR trucks by opening its third truck remarketing center near Chicago. These truck centers further enhance Kenworth and Peterbilt residual values which command a 10% to 20% premium over competitors' trucks. PACCAR's strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to invest over $3 billion in new products and facilities in the last five years. This year, capital expenditures of $375 million to $425 million and research and development expenses of $250 million to $280 million are targeted for truck and powertrain product development, enhanced manufacturing and parts distribution facilities, and aftermarket support programs. PACCAR continues to enhance its leadership position in the global truck market by delivering the highest quality products and services in the industry. Thank you. I'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I'd say that the greater share of the increase comes from North America, but we also saw growth in our Europe business as well.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, that primary relates to trucks that we sell, the good news is there was better demand for trucks. Unfortunately the prices are dampened because of the high quantities of used trucks that are in inventories, we're seeing from several of our competitors and that's dampening the prices. And so, I don't – we've not seen any further deterioration in prices, but we haven't seen an increase either.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. We review those every quarter, Jerry. And we mark those to, and we adjust the residual values and depreciation accordingly.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, the – I think the South American market will be comparable this year to what we saw last year. So, we would hope that as Brazil sells some of its economic challenges that we'll see return to growth in that business and a lot of the – the rest of the South America will be dependent on how the mining and commodities develop, so I think there is some positive trends in that arena.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think when we had discussion in January, our market range was probably above the average of other estimators and as time has gone on, they have increased their market size estimates to be closer to ours. So, we feel pretty comfortable with our range and if orders continue at the pace, we could be at the mid to upper portion of the range.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I'd say we're seeing good broad-based order intake across all segments, the vocational segment has been steady for several years now, and we're seeing good order intake from the long-haul side in Europe. The Western Europe continues to be strong, Central Europe as well, and we're seeing some recovery and order intake from the Russian market as we begin this year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Our Kenworth and Peterbilt's retail sales share in the second half of last year was roughly 30%, 31%. And so I think that order intake share is in line with that, the retail sale share in the first quarter was 28.2%. And so, we hope to see that continue at that level or increase as we progress through the year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. So, one of the things that's caused – impacting revenues and interest in other is the fact that the mix of our portfolio is a little bit more tilted towards operating leases, which have higher revenue and expense per truck associated with them. And then we did have on some bulk sales of used trucks in the first quarter. That's where we saw the losses that we incurred on some of those sales. And so we'll see how pricing develops, but, as I can say, demand has increased and we'll monitor prices very closely to see if we can get some better price realization as we go forward.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think, based on the first quarter results, probably 3% to 5% would be our estimate of how we would see the year progress for Parts.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think in the 14% to 14.5% range for the year would be the way to think about the rest of the year for us.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think once we get through the used truck, I think we'll see recovery, assume all other things being equal, assuming similar interest rate environment, et cetera.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah. I think that's fair and as we continue to work with our used truck inventories, and we'll see hopefully that progress as we go through the rest of this year in a positive way.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, when you look at the incremental margin from the fourth quarter, incremental margin was 18%, which is basically in line with how we would think about how incremental margins would move quarter-to-quarter in the 15% to 20% range. So, right in line with how we anticipated it would develop.
Ronald E. Armstrong: The pound euro exchange rate continues to be – I guess, I would call it a bit of a headwind, but we're working through that as time goes on. And the U.S. and Canadian market, as we progressed through last year, the orders and the retail sales decline. And so we ended last year in a more competitive position and we're still in that same situation as we began the year this year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it's pretty, pretty evenly across the market. I don't think there is any particular impact with sleepers versus day cabs.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think it's just because of the volume of used trucks. We did have increased used truck sales in the quarter. And so higher trucks, higher used truck sales is the reason it's, I guess, it's slightly bigger impact than it has been.
Ronald E. Armstrong: That's – our guys are working hard to – like our customers, the best trucks and satisfy their needs and we have great products, we have great support services and we think that over time, that will lead to share improvement as it has for the last 20 years. So, being able to predict how that's going to progress quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year is a bit challenging.
Ronald E. Armstrong: It's just dependent on how things develop. There's no – we would hope that that 32% continues, but we have competitors in the market and everybody works hard to keep their business moving forward. So, we'll see how it develops as we progress through the year.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Probably, the – the biggest increase was probably the over the road. Like I said, vocational has been pretty steady. We did see some improvement in vocational. But as a percent of total, the increase in orders, I think, comes a lot from the on highway customers. And we are seeing some, some recovery in the energy segment, but it's pretty early days for that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I mean the provision for loss is at historically low levels. I think last year, if you look at the elements of the change in the reserve, the level of credit losses is very similar. This year, we had an increase in the provision. Last year, we had a decrease in the provision. And that just reflects movements in portfolios in the various geographies, and as you said, it's a relatively small impact. And so, if the portfolio continues to perform very well, past dues had been at below 1% for almost four or five years now. So, it's purely just small numbers.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Well, we have great product, and we've launched the 2.1 meter products here in North America, that percentage of build has continued to increase. And currently, we're at about 75% of Kenworth and Peterbilt heavy duty truck build or the newer models, very well received, performing excellently, we launched and we included the update to the 2017 MX engine in those trucks at the beginning of this year, adding another 3% to 4% of fuel efficiency. So, the trucks are performing great and very well received by the customers. And just this morning, our DAF team launched their newest XF model at the Birmingham truck show, which basically incorporates all the engine enhancements that we adopted here in North America into the DAF product as well as some additional chassis and cab changes that improved aerodynamics and fuel efficiency up to about a 7% improvement. So, we just continue to move the needle forward on our products, and customers really appreciate the lowest total cost of ownership. When you combine the low operating costs with the strong residual values it makes for a good value proposition for our customers.
Ronald E. Armstrong: So, I think we roughly have about $2.2 million of square feet in parts distribution center space around the world. So, we're going to increase the – we increased the distribution capacity here in Washington at our Renton facility by about 80,000 square feet, and we're going to increase the distribution capacity in Toronto by another 100,000 square feet when we finish construction of that next year. So, as we look forward, our parts team has really clear view of continuing to increment that capacity as the parts business grows. And so, that kind of pace per year, I think you'll see going forward.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I think that's what we're expecting at this point, whether that's – just how we see the development of the market for us globally.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Yeah, longer-term, 10 years, I think that's the kind of timeframe and we're working on electric trucks, hybrid electric, hydrogen fuel-cell, natural gas. I mean, we're investing in all alternative fuel strategies to be prepared for what may come. So, nobody is standing still and everybody's – I can't say everybody I guess. We're certainly focused on being prepared for market dynamics and market transitions as they occur.
Ronald E. Armstrong: In the accounting rules the mark-to-market is based on a one-truck transaction and we sell used trucks and typically multiples of that, and so a larger sale typically has some discounting pricing that goes with that.
Ronald E. Armstrong: Net truck load profitability, I mean, it's down from maybe the peak, but it's still pretty good. And we see that in our finance portfolio, customers have no problem servicing their truck payments. So I think there is – as is in any year, we're starting to see the age of the fleet creep-up a bit. And so there are just more customers who are probably getting to the point where it makes sense to take advantage of the additional investment to fuel efficiency that comes with the latest versions of heavy-duty trucks.
Ronald E. Armstrong: One of the things that we've done and we've seen over the last 12 months, really 24 months is the software controls that are in our vehicles are becoming ever more important and we've increased our engineering resources, particularly in the software area. And so, I think we'll continue to see that as we progress over the coming years and with some of those resources dedicated to developing autonomous vehicle technologies. There is a lot of things that have to happen for autonomous trucks to become a reality, but we've had platooning demonstrations, we've had autonomous truck demonstrations. So, we're involved and engaged in that in a big way and we'll continue to make investments in that arena as we go through this year and for the next five years, 10 years. So, we're working closely with a lot of different parties in the industry and so we'll continue to develop our capability.
Ronald E. Armstrong: I'd say it's a gradual process, it just takes time and we've been – we've done this before and it just takes a while for it to work its way through the system.
