Ronald Armstrong: It’s all about operating efficiency and being the leader in providing that to our customers to reduce their operating cost. So that’s a continual stream of investment in research and development as well as capital to support those initiatives. We’ve got greenhouse gas requirements coming into play in 2017 and additional requirements beyond that. And so we’ll just continue to make those investments to support our customers.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, our revised outlook reflects those, strength in those registrations as well as the strength of the DAF order intake. So we see that there could be some further upside potential as the year progresses. But as we see it now, we see it at that 10% improvement is certainly achievable and so there could be some upside.
Ronald Armstrong: I think we’ve seen general improvement across all the markets, some a little bit more than others, but general improvement across all.
Ronald Armstrong: As you know, we’ve always maintained a healthy discipline of rigorous cost control and we continue to do that. So I think the operating leverage is the single biggest factor that we’ve seen contribute to our margin performance over the last 12 months and quarter over quarter. So other positive things include some positive effects of materials and pricing, but those are muted compared to the operating leverage.
Ronald Armstrong: The parts team has done a great job of continuing to build its programs and it’s expanding its all mixed products capability for both trucks, trailers, buses, et cetera. And so we continue to see nice growth in that business. And we just really saw it spread pretty evenly across all of our geographies, both North America, Europe and around the world.
Ronald Armstrong: Again, we don’t think in those terms generally, but the backlog is very healthy and supports our expected plans to increase our build rate during the second half of this year.
Ronald Armstrong: As I mentioned in my comments, we expect that the third quarter will be impacted by little heavier fleet mix in the third quarter as well is normal factory shutdown that we have in Europe. So some leverage effects related to that.
Ronald Armstrong: Nothing unusual in the second quarter and we don’t have any expectations for any unusual items in the third quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: No. Cancellations have been at a very low rate and vocational trucks are very active, lots of reasonable growth in housing construction, commercial construction. So it’s all been pretty steady.
Ronald Armstrong: I think pricing is reasonably consistent. We have great products, the Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF teams have pretty much have new product lines that are in the field over the last one to two years and those have been very well received. We continue to invest in fuel efficiency of our engines, the aerodynamics of our vehicles, and all those elements are very well received by our customers. Good value. So continue to achieve our premium pricing for our products. And the outlook is bright as we continue for the rest of this year and into next.
Ronald Armstrong: I think it’s a really good operating environment. I think we’re in a good position right now and obviously our teams in our factories do a great job of managing to the conditions in the marketplace and we expect that that will continue as we move forward of course this year and next.
Ronald Armstrong: I’d say most of the orders for DAF are 2015 build, some 2016 orders, but not a significant amount. And I would say that the build in North America, just a good, a few long term fleet orders that are in the backlog, but not a substantial percentage of 2016 expectations.
Ronald Armstrong: Yeah, right where we expect to be, a lot of discussions are going on right now with customers about their plans for 2016 and indications are that purchase expectations will be very similar to what we’ve experienced in 2015.
Ronald Armstrong: I think the operating cash flow will be very consistent from what we’ve seen in the first half. As you mentioned, the pace of investment in some of the capital projects will likely accelerate and we’ll continue to invest in R&D.
Ronald Armstrong: Yeah, I think as I mentioned, just the fact that we typically have a summer shutdown period in Europe and that’s two full weeks and two partial weeks, which impacts the level of production. And so, that’s just normal business. From a margin perspective, as I mentioned, you do have some operating leverage effects of that and the mix of customers is a little bit more tilted towards the fleet side during the third quarter than what we saw in the second quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: No, it’s just normal month to month, quarter to quarter change in who we’re building trucks for. Nothing more than that.
Ronald Armstrong: That was on the financial services, it was a reduction of financial services profit for the second quarter versus the second quarter last year.
Ronald Armstrong: For the quarter, for the truck and other, it was $12 million of pretax profit negative impact. That was largely offset by a favorable cost on the engine content side from our engines fleet built in our Columbus, Mississippi. And on the parts side, it’s about $12 million pretax profit impact.
Ronald Armstrong: SG&A has also been benefiting from the impact of currency, a lot of our SG&A is outside the US and so we’ve had some currency benefit. But the level that you’re seeing is sustainable at these currency levels.
Ronald Armstrong: It’s all reasonably constant. I think we’re talking about a 1% to 2% reduction in total truck production for the quarter. So it’s going to be pretty comparable.
Ronald Armstrong: I think there is definitely some benefit from higher increased engine parts sales. We’re up about 90,000 MX engines in the field in North America and hundreds of thousands of engines in the field in Europe. And so that population continues to grow, so we see the benefit of that. And PACCAR parts has done a nice job of developing PACCAR brands and transitioning more and more of the parts sales to PACCAR branded components. So I think the execution by our parts team has been excellent.
Ronald Armstrong: We have lots of capacity available in most of our factories to be able to produce trucks to meet customer demand. So it’s not a concern for us.
Ronald Armstrong: Operating leverage is a very positive thing and so to the extent that we can further take advantage of that, there’s some upside. But if you took competitive market and we have great products to provide to our customers and we expect to get good value for what we’re producing and we expect that to continue overtime. We continue to look for ways to make our plants continuously more efficient and achieve cost reductions to improve our results.
Ronald Armstrong: David, we obviously expect to the extent that we can increase production levels, there are some operating leverage benefits that go with that. And if you look at the performance overtime, incremental margins had been 20% plus or minus. And so that’s probably more indicative of the longer term trend. And so to the extent that we can get additional volume, I would expect we’d see that kind of performance going forward.
Ronald Armstrong: I think the incremental/decremental is very comparable across the geographies. So there’s no significant difference.
Ronald Armstrong: I can’t comment on what the competitors have done. Our press release has an update, not any significant developments during the quarter. So that’s about all I can say about that.
Ronald Armstrong: We have a great team that delivers great results as evidenced by the press release. And so I sleep pretty well most nights, I got to tell you. There’s always challenges, always opportunities and so we look forward to seizing those and taking advantage of those as we move forward. So that’ll always continue to be our approach.
Ronald Armstrong: So the effects of the euro on revenue for the quarter was about $250 million. So you add that back to the equation and part of it is a little bit larger mix of the light duty trucks, the model LF compared to the CF, XF mix during the first half of last year.
Ronald Armstrong: No, just customer demand, all the trucks are great and the LF is particularly popular in the UK and very well received by customers and that market has grown little faster than the rest of Europe, reflecting their economic growth. And so we’re seeing some benefits from that phenomenon.
Ronald Armstrong: I think as Bob said, we’ve gotten the benefits of operating leverage and that should continue. Obviously, freight rates are dependent lot on diesel prices. And so that will go up or down as diesel prices move. But again, our team has done a good job of transitioning to PACCAR branded components and with our newest designs, we have a higher element of proprietary content. So I think we’re in good shape and positioned well and shouldn’t see significant movements from where we’re at currently.
Ronald Armstrong: So we continue to be a pretty small player in that market. Our team is doing great. The factory is running very well. The quality of the product is excellent and very well received by the customers. Our dealers continue to invest in their facilities to fully represent the DAF brand in the market. The market this year will be down substantially, probably in the 45,000 to 55,000 truck range, South America total probably 70,000 to 80,000 trucks for the year. But we have a great team and a great long term perspective on building our business. And it will be a bigger and bigger contributor to PACCAR’s results overtime.
Ronald Armstrong: No, we opened and expand distribution centers on an ongoing basis and it’s just part of continuing to support that growing parts business and our dealers’ needs to have same day delivery to meet their needs. So there won’t be any margin impact as a result of that transition.
Ronald Armstrong: I think we’ll continue to see that grow, more and more customers a lot of times they’ll start with some level if they’re a larger fleet and as they get experience, most will often increase their percentage penetration in our fleet with the MX engine. So we expect that to continue to grow 50%, 60% overtime. The engine has the capability to meet about 80% of our customers’ needs. So we’re very excited about the potential for that as we progress over the next three to five years.
Ronald Armstrong: Typically it hasn’t been our approach. We have a great engine to support our product and we got the capacity to support future growth, but selling to other OEMs is not an avenue that we thought about pursuing.
Robert Christensen: I would just add that the rate of increase in production over the last several quarters has been relatively modest and that has allowed the suppliers to lay in capacity and efficiency improvements in an orderly way and they are performing very well.
Robert Christensen: I’d add that there continues to be excellent leverage in the parts business from our distribution centers globally and we’re benefitting from lower freight rates due to fuel prices.
Robert Christensen: Today, in the North American market, we offer the PACCAR MX 13, beginning next year we’ll also be offering the PACCAR MX 11 engine which was introduced in Europe a couple of years ago with a great success. So we’ll be enhancing the North American engine lineup.
Robert Christensen: We do sell a handful of engines to bus, luxury bus and coach manufacturers, but it’s really not significant in terms of overall production mix.
