Preston Feight: Good morning. Harry Schippers, Michael Barkley and I will update you on our second quarter results and business highlights. I truly appreciate PACCAR’s outstanding employees around the world, who continue to deliver excellent results in the highest quality trucks and transportation solutions. PACCAR achieved record revenues and net income in the second quarter. PACCAR’s revenues increased 23% to $7,160,000,000. Net income increased 45% to $720 million. PACCAR Parts second quarter revenues increased by 18% to a record $1.43 billion. Parts pre-tax profits were record $353 million, 32% higher than the same period last year. Truck parts and other gross margins expanded to 14.4% in the second quarter compared to 13.5% in the second quarter of last year. PACCAR’s increased vehicle production, new lineup of premium trucks and strong after-market Parts business drove the higher gross margins. PACCAR financial had an excellent quarter increasing year-over-year pre-tax income by 36% to $144 million due to its high quality portfolio and strong used truck results. PACCAR is an industry leader in diesel and zero emissions powertrains, autonomous trucks and next generation connected services. PACCAR’s best-in-class new trucks, its new clean diesel and electric powertrain lineup, and its ongoing research and development programs provide our customers with the right products and technology to help them optimize their operations. The entire PACCAR team has done an excellent job of working with our suppliers to manage supply base shortages, and we have been able to gradually increase daily truck production. In the U.S. economy, unemployment remains low. GDP is estimated to grow and industrial production is projected to expand. Based on this favorable operating environment, we estimate the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 market to be in the range of 260,000 to 290,000 trucks. The European and U.K. economies are also growing with Euro zone unemployment at low levels. The 2022 European truck market is expected to be in the range of 270,000 to 300,000 trucks. Looking at PACCAR’s operating environment, our new generation of trucks in Europe and North America are providing our customers the benefit of owning the most desirable and most efficient trucks in the industry. Freight tonnage remains at great levels were sold out for the year and the first quarter is beginning to fill-in nicely. With fleet age up and truck utilization high, we anticipate continued strong demand for PACCAR Parts, Trucks and Financial Services. Thank you. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Financial Services and other business highlights. Harrie.
Preston Feight: Sure, I’d be happy to take the question. I feel like things are going really well for the company. As we shared in the commentary, the new trucks are performing really well, in the market in Europe and in North America, that performance is helping our customers perform better, finding excellent fuel economy for them. And the result of that is an improvement in margins. That is really the fundamental underlying principle for increase in truck margins. I’ve also shared that our Parts team is doing a great job and set another record in the first quarter. We expect continued strong performance in the second quarter, I should say. We expect continued strong performance throughout the year for them, because fleets of aged and utilizations are at high levels, which is driving Parts performance. So we do expect to see continued improvement in margins for some time.
Preston Feight: You bet. Well, our European business is doing fantastic right now. The new trucks that we introduced are really delivering for our customers. They are an increasing percentage of our build. They’re roughly 50% in the second quarter, and the increasing in the third quarter. Demand is exceptionally strong for those products, the only trucks that meet the new masses and dimensions regulations in Europe, which provides great driver comfort. They operate in a premium position in the market. And they’re doing a fantastic job. So I think that what we see is continued strong demand in Europe. Freight is moving effectively, and we think it will continue to do so.
Preston Feight: Well, let’s start with the first one, which is new, the North American new products, the medium duty product that was on a brand new platform and the heavy duty product for the new 579 and T680. And we’ve completed those transitions in North America now. And you’re right to note that it’s a European product that’s continuing to increase. So that’s good news for all of us, as we’ll take build rates up to the new products continually through being exceptionally well received by our customers. And then as far as commentary and pricing is we feel like because we’ve got the right products in the marketplace, and that the best products delivering thousands of dollars per truck per year and fuel economy savings, that our customers will continue to want to buy those trucks from us. And so we think that the pricing model will stay intact.
Preston Feight: I think every market stands on its own, as you would be well aware and know, and we’ve talked about in the past, right, there have been supply challenges, and we’ve put a priority and making sure that we get the most trucks out for our customers that we could. So that has been a thing that we’ve dealt with really effectively. Great congratulations to our team and our suppliers for working through that and continuing to work through that. But our focus has been on getting the right trucks out to our customers and making the transition to the new products. And we think that looking forward, we’ll see continued growth, as Harrie noted in the comments.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that’s what Harrie said, it makes complete sense. And I would just add to it, the opportunity of what the Parts team is doing from a technology standpoint and how effective they are at capturing an increasing percentage of the market is also helpful to us improving margins, so the systems that are employing the technology they’re employing, and put us at the top of the class in terms of how we support customers.
Preston Feight: I think that it’s a great comment. And I think what we’ve seen is, again, the focus on getting trucks through to our customers. And that continues to be our focus. We are not back to our optimized efficiencies, but very darn efficient, I think from a standpoint of how we’re producing the new trucks and what they’re bringing. We’re going to continue to make sure we build as many trucks as we can and that’s really our first priority.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that we feel like the business is running really well, the teams have done a great job in the second quarter. We look forward to the third quarter as Harrie talked about, we think Truck, Parts and other margins are going to increase in the third quarter. And you noted the fewer build days in the third quarter in Europe. But all in all, we feel like the business is running quite well and will do so in the third quarter as well.
Preston Feight: So as you said, and what we what we shared with you, is we have begun to fill our orders for the first quarter of next year. Some of those end up being four-year contracts. We see really strong interest from the customers. And so we’re having good progress in order intake. I’d say that as I think a bit more macroscopically as we shared right fleet ages up 10% or 15%. Truck utilization is very high. Freight tonnage and volumes are very high levels. We think that setup the market for a strong future for truck sales.
Preston Feight: Sure, I’d say, as we mentioned, the supply chain and our team have done a fantastic job really of finding solutions and enabling us to increase our daily build rate through the last quarter. And so while we’re not complete and through the supply chain limitations, we think that that probably actually contributes to a strong truck cycle for a long period of time.
Preston Feight: The used truck field facilities that we’ve added Steve will definitely benefit the finance company next years and many years thereafter. It allows us to sell more trucks at retail prices to end customers, which is good for finance company’s profitability.
Preston Feight: Well, first I think this has been an uncommon couple of years and I think trying to put too much math into order intakes is a difficult thing to get accurate. What I would talk about is that the year sold out there was obviously some pause for everyone in terms of strong order intake, because everyone wanted to see what the market was going to be and what the supply of capabilities were going to be. We’ve now are closer to 2023. And so we’re taking, we’ve open new order books to more fully, and we’re taking orders and demand is strong for that. I would expect to see order intake increase now for the coming time.
Preston Feight: Sure, great question. I think that we probably overemphasize the significance of the spot market, its 10% to 20% of the total market in range. And it’s really the part that deals with the tips of anything. It’s a good leading indicator maybe, but what I would suggest is that spot contracts are quite robust. Spot rates are down from extremely high levels. And normal contracts, truckload contracts and other are doing very well and that rates are actually increase in that area. Combine all those factors the strong freight tonnage and you should expect to see a good Truck market for some time.
Preston Feight: Good question. And the number will never go to zero because there’s always trucks that are being final delivery, I would say so we’ve never looked for the number to be zero. But what we have seen is an improvement from the low 3,000s into the high 2,000s. And so we see that sequential improvement and we hope that that sequential improvement will continue.
Preston Feight: Quite sure that if you look at South America team done, there’s been a really great job in South America and specifically in Brazil, we’ve grown market share considerably. We’ve had strong order intake, the trucks are performing very well for the customers. We’ve established ourselves as a premium brand in Brazil, and feels like a great market for us. And in Mexico, we’re doing well also. So Europe, North America, South America, Australia is doing well. We are having a fantastic year there as well.
Preston Feight: Well, we don’t really break the model out that way to think about it in terms of sequential timing of that, it obviously depends on which materials and the trucks, you bring up, the comment of which is, we have seen in the last several weeks, some softening and materials prices, but from very, very high levels. And so we continue to include that in our conversations with customers, as we price the trucks. It’s one of the elements that goes into the cost of a truck like labor is and efficiency is and the new truck models are. So it’s there’s many elements that go into the pricing for trucks.
Preston Feight: Well, on that topic, Tami, I would say that those conversations are always ongoing. What we’ve seen in the last five months since the Ukraine conflict started, is that the countries have done a great job of continuing to have supply. PACCAR has done very well in that timeframe. And we think that will continue to do well as we look forward.
Preston Feight: I think is the most fundamental thing is the economy is very large, and at a very large level, and is probably going to continue to be. So I think that anything that 75% of what gets delivered in this country is done through trucks and ours are the most desirable trucks. So I kind of expect that as car market is strong, as housing as strong, as consumer goods, even if it moderates is at high levels, then there’s a lot of freight that’s going to need to be hauled. And so that creates a strong market dynamic for us.
Preston Feight: Well, I think, no, there’s not really an easy way to do that or necessary way to do that. I think what we look at is the improvement in margins that we’ve realized year-over-year and sequentially and the continued improvement in margin that we’re forecasting out into the future. And think that that kind of takes the whole macro picture of pricing cost and efficiency into play, and shows you that we see things going in the right direction.
Preston Feight: Well, I have to give all the credit in the world to the entire team and PACCAR. And we have a focus on excellence and a focus on efficiency and operating well, and they have delivered fantastic performance in that area.
Preston Feight: Sure. Obviously last year and to the start of this year been introducing new products at the same time, we’re working on some really exciting new technology projects in both the battery electric space, hydrogen fuel cell space, connected vehicle space, and autonomous space. So we see that we have a great future in set of product portfolios that we’re working on, that’ll deliver continued great results for the future.
Preston Feight: As we think about it, we have been able to grow over the years our proprietary powertrain that continues to grow. Our MX engine performance or percentages in the U.S. is now right around 40%. In the low 40% is what we’d expect to see through the year. And the transmission that we introduced in the medium duty, the automated PACCAR transmission has done a great job. I don’t have the numbers in front of me in terms of percentages, but it is definitely growing.
Preston Feight: No, I wouldn’t think of us as being limiting orders for 2023. I think that there’s a normal cadence to how fleets buy and how the market goes. So it’s really just the start of that season. And that’s what you’re kind of seeing is an uptick in order intake as we move through the calendar year.
Preston Feight: I would say that we’ve had a fantastic team of people working really hard around the business to deliver the great results, as we shared, we think that third quarter looks fantastic as well. And we think that there’s a great business going forward.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR delivered 47,000 trucks during the second quarter and 9% increase over the first quarter. We estimate third quarter deliveries to be in the range of 44,000 to 48,000 trucks. As higher daily build dates will be offset by the normal summer shutdown at DAF in Europe. Truck Parts and other gross margins increased to 14.4% in the second quarter. We anticipate third quarter gross margins to be in the 14.5% to 15% range, reflecting a continued strong performance of PACCAR Parts and a favorable mix of new truck models in production. PACCAR Parts had an outstanding second quarter with Parts gross margins of 30%. Customers increased truck utilization and higher average fleet age have contributed to PACCAR Parts record results. PACCAR Parts outstanding performance is driven by an expanding network of 18 parts distribution centers, 2,200 dealer locations, 250 independent TRP stores. As well as technologies like managed dealer inventory and innovative e-commerce systems. PACCAR is continuing its investments in the Parts business by opening a new distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky this quarter. PACCAR Financial Services benefited in the second quarter from high used truck prices and excellent portfolio quality. Revenues were $373 million in the second quarter. Pre-tax income was $144 million 36% higher than last year. Demand continues to be strong for PACCAR pre-owned vehicles as customers appreciate and are willing to pay a premium for the superior reliability and durability. PACCAR Financial has been increasing its network of retail used truck centers and it’s opening the used truck retail center in Madrid, Spain this year. These facilities sell used trucks at retail prices which contributes to higher profits. PACCAR has invested $7.3 billion in new and expanded facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past decade. These investments have created the newest and most impressive lineup of trucks in the industry and will contribute to excellent shareholder returns for many years. PACCAR’s after-tax return on invested capital improved to an industry leading 23% in the first half of this year. Capital expenditures are projected to be $425 million to $475 million this year, and research and development expenses are estimated to be $330 million to $350 million. PACCAR’s exciting new line of trucks and transportation solutions, efficient R&D and capital investments, strong after-market parts and financial services business and flexible operating structure position the company for a bright future. Thank you. We will be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: Sure. We expect Parts sales to continue to be strong in the third quarter, probably similar to the second quarter, which would be up 12% to 14% from the third quarter last year.
Harrie Schippers: Like you said, Jerry, that Parts margins have improved very nicely at record levels of around 30% now. A lot of that is driven by the increasing success of the PACCAR Engine. And as the population grows, and the engines get older and get into more maintenance work, that should be a tailwind for Parts margin in the future as well.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, sure. As we noted in the in the press release, market share in Europe has grown to 17.5%. A lot of those gains have come out of the let’s say bigger markets like Germany, France and Spain, where we had opportunity to grow. And it’s really, really, really exciting to see that in the first half year those countries came through. And that has done really well in those markets. So that’s been a lot of big part of the success.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, the impact on sales was about $270 million negative. And the impact on net income was about $25 million compared to last year for the quarter.
Harrie Schippers: I don’t have the numbers readily available Steve, but it was a nice benefit to the results of the finance company, both in the first and second quarter. And we expect the used truck market to remain strong and finance company also to perform very, very solid in the third quarter.
Harrie Schippers: No, it’s not necessarily a pullback on the R&D. If you look at the second quarter, the lower R&D, I would say that the majority of that is, again, due to currency, a weaker euro. Our outlook for the year means that we’re going to be spending R&D at record levels. So we feel very good about the money we’re spending the projects we’re developing and the technologies that will be coming to customers.
Harrie Schippers: You bet. I think that where we sit with that, as we have seven truck models in production now around the world that are battery electric and zero emissions, product lines, which is fantastic. We’ve secured supply for the batteries and systems we need, batteries specifically for the coming years. And we continue to work with our partners as we ramp up our production. So we’re seeing that growth quarter-over-quarter. And as we’ve shared a few times, we expect that this year will be in the hundreds of units and then over the coming years that have grown to the thousands of units and we see just a steady progression there as our technology comes to market.
Harrie Schippers: Hi, David, we don’t break that out. We think that what we’ve been able to do is transition the DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt brands to these new models. And we definitely see that as an advantage for our customers. As we said, each truck can save them several thousand dollars per year in operating cost. And then of course, as we’ve mentioned, that’s really good for the company. But we haven’t differentiated those margins.
Harrie Schippers: Well, I mean, I think yes, it has right. We’ve seen improved margin from them because they’re delivering benefit to our customers. And so it’s a win-win situation.
Harrie Schippers: I think that there’s a several factors that go into that, and one of those market strengths. And we have seen increasingly strength, increasingly strong markets in Europe. So that’s to an advantage. And then the new trucks are definitely performing really well. So I would directionally the margin question of Europe improving? Yes, great margins in Europe.
Harrie Schippers: Yes, we will continue to deliver good margins. I think the outlook for the company is excellent. Demand is strong, the new products are doing well. And we’re in a excellent position to deliver this very, very good margin for next quarter and going forward.
Michael Barkley: Yes, we had good price realization during the quarter that kept pace a little bit more than kept pace with our cost increases.
Michael Barkley: Well, we did experience a reduction in the number of trucks that were offline during the quarter. So we had good sequential improvement in that we also -- the currency weakness also had an impact on reducing our inventories, which, we’ll see how that goes as the year progresses. But there’s that impact as well to think about.
Michael Barkley: Yes, I mean, I think what happened in Q2 is probably it would be a similar effect that what you’d see in Q3 and Q4, kind of last year’s currency was already dropping in Q3 and Q4 last year. So there’s multiple cross currency there, but directionally, it would be similar probably to Q2.
