Ron Armstrong: Good morning. Preston Feight, Harrie Schippers and I will update you on PACCAR's excellent first quarter results and business highlights. PACCAR reported record revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2019. PACCAR's first quarter sales and Financial Services revenues were $6.5 billion and first quarter net income was $629 million an excellent 9.7% after-tax return on revenues. Revenues were 15% higher and net income was 23% higher compared to the first quarter last year. PACCAR delivered a record 51,500 trucks during the first quarter. PACCAR Parts achieved record quarterly revenues of $1 billion an increase of 7% compared to the first quarter last year. Parts pre-tax profits were also a record at $208 million. I'm very proud of our 28,000 employees who are passionate about delivering the industry's best products and services to our customers and achieving strong results for our shareholders. PACCAR continues to outperform its peers and provide strong operating cash flow for reinvestment in future growth and distributions to stockholders. One key measure where PACCAR excels is return on invested capital. In the first quarter, PACCAR achieved a return on invested capital of 25% and over the last five years achieved an annual average return of 22%. PACCAR has delivered annual dividends of approximately 50% of net income for many years and has paid a dividend every year since 1941. PACCAR has increased it’s quarterly dividend at an average of 11% per year during the last 20 years and raised it another 14% in the first quarter to $0.32 per share. PACCAR repurchased 491,000 of its outstanding shares during the first quarter. The increase in truck production in the first quarter was primarily due to more build days in North America compared to the fourth quarter and good supplier performance. Truck and Parts gross margins were 15% in the first quarter. Truck pricing was good with price realization of 3%. Our Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF factories and purchasing and supplier management teams did a fantastic job of managing production delivering a record number of trucks and achieving the highest operating margins in the industry. In the second quarter, we're expecting deliveries to be 2% to 4% higher than the first quarter due to increased production in North America. Truck, Parts and other gross margins in the second quarter are estimated to be in a range of 14.5% to 15%. Preston Feight will now provide an update on DAF and PACCAR Parts.
Ron Armstrong: I think it's all very firm. So I think all the movement of trucks in and out is just very normal and the backlog is very firm.
Ron Armstrong: Well, as you know, Jerry rigorous cost management is something that we're very focused on and managing that over the cycle. There was some benefit in the quarter from some currency movement, but for the most part it's just our ongoing focus on managing our cost for the entire cycle.
Ron Armstrong: I think a lot of that share gain comes from our engines where we've been in the engine business in North America. This is our ninth year and so the -- as a percent of the total population of engines, the PACCAR MX engine is just becoming a bigger portion. And so that engine business is a nice add-on. Plus the – we now have 175 or so TRP stores around the globe and so that enables the parts group to get more penetration with all-makes customers trailers, buses, et cetera. So I think those are probably the two key drivers of share growth in the parts arena.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, I mean we're full ahead on our production. We're going to continue to produce trucks. We -- as I said the backlog is firm. The demand, we're quoting business into 2020. So full ahead for us and we're -- we've -- because we -- as we mentioned earlier, we manage that cost structure prudently during all times -- all phases of the cycle. We've proven historically that we can manage our cost structure quite efficiently and this will be no exception. We'll be able to manage that quite effectively with our factories and with our other operations.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah, so we're at 6.7% share last year. Similar in the first quarter, we are continuing to increase our production. We produced over 1,000 trucks in the first quarter. In 2018, we basically doubled production from the prior year and we'll be in a similar kind of scale this year for 2019. So we -- the product has just been very well-received by all of our customers and the industry as a whole and we've been recognized as the brand of the year for the last three years. So, we have great dealership representatives. We've got a good network to support the trucks. And so, we're continuing to improve our positioning there. And we're also expanding our Parts and service presence and we're going to add a 160,000 square-foot PDC that will be opening probably in early first half of 2020. We've been using part of our truck factory as a Parts warehouse. So, we need to grow that. And support that. So, the future is very bright for our Brazilian operations.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. Basically, we're selling every engine that we can produce, and so we need the additional capacity in our factories, and we need the additional capacity with our suppliers. So that's where the investment is focused, so we can go to those next plateaus and deliver great engines to our customers.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. That's certainly on the drawing board and part of our process. We've obviously been balancing our entry into the market, and as we continue to grow and expand our business, we'll be introducing new products just like we do in all markets around the world to continue to enhance our position in that market as well. So yeah, that's definitely on our roadmap.
Ron Armstrong: We're going to continue to work very closely with our suppliers to continue to move up our build rates in the second quarter and third quarters in North America, and so it's always an orchestrated effort with our suppliers. We feel good about -- obviously the performance in the first quarter was much better than what we saw in the second half of the year, and we expect that to continue for the rest of this year.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. I think it's a real exploratory time with respect to a lot of the new technologies, and we're taking multiple paths in terms of developing our own internal capabilities, working closely with a variety of suppliers who are developing their capabilities. As we progress over the next 12 to 24 months, we'll be sort of figuring out what the best path is for us for the long-term. And there's still quite a bit of challenge with respect to the economic viability of some of these powertrain choices, and can they survive without high degree of subsidization? So in our mind it's still early days. I know we have a lot of customers who want to have some initial trucks to have in their fleet so they can understand the capability and we're supporting those and so we'll continue to explore our avenues. And as I say the next 12 to 24 months will be critical for us to sort of define our way forward.
Ron Armstrong: A lot. When we first made the decision to open that office that was -- it was clear there was a lot of research that was being done on that area. And so our team in Silicon Valley -- that's where we're really developing our internal capabilities for autonomy. We have a great team there and they're really working closely with some third-party suppliers to develop our own packages. And then as I said, we're working with others who have their packages and want to incorporate those into our vehicles. And so we have multiple paths that we're working on there, but the Silicon Valley office and Silicon Valley team has been very helpful, as well as our technical teams and our tech center up here in Mount Vernon in Washington and in Eindhoven. They're all working together quite well to help further our efforts and be smarter about what's possible and all the things you have to think about to accomplish successful implementation.
Ron Armstrong: Well the way I think every day that goes by we're a day closer. But there's nothing on the horizon. We continue to -- we have offices in Beijing, we have offices in Shanghai, we have an office in Pune, India with hundreds of employees working in those areas and they're providing valuable support for sourcing from suppliers for engineering technology, embedded software. So we get a lot of support from those teams and we make a lot of trips and have a lot of discussions with potential partners both on the OEM side, the component side to evaluate what -- where's that opportunity that's going to provide us a good return for our shareholders. And so we'll continue to evaluate, because it is -- they are large markets and there's opportunity there. It just has to be a situation that's going to make sense for us as a company and provide us a reasonable return.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think there has been a positive impact on the margin performance of our operations in North America. Europe we've always had our own engine and so we've enjoyed those margins for quite some time and we've seen margin enhancement in North America as a result of selling -- the engine parts sales have sort of outsized the total growth in North America and so that's a contributor.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, so I mean as the engines mature and you get to -- we're getting to the point now where you're starting to get into more replacement and overhaul kinds of activities for our engines and so we're just starting to see the benefits of that phase of the aftermarket opportunity.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. There's really nothing -- I guess, I would say no projects pulled forward. It's just the execution of the projects that we have been planning all along. We have new PDCs, we have factory expansions, we had a nice grand -- groundbreaking for the Chillicothe paint shop. And those things are just that -- we're going to be able to get those projects done faster and moving quicker than what we had originally anticipated. So, our spending it's just -- is purely just a matter of the timing of the spend. Those have always been part of our plan.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. I think what we'll see is -- the production that 2% to 4% is pretty much all North America-driven. And I think in the third quarter we'd probably see a similar level of production. We have the two-week summer shutdown at DAF in the third quarter. So that -- we'll see a reduction in production in Europe, but it should be for the most part offset by production levels in North America.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. The orders in North America are -- because of the strength of the backlog. They're reflective of just the customers that are really filling in the few open slots that exist for 2019, but mostly it's for 2020 build. And again, in Europe, we saw a reduction in orders from -- last year's first quarter was when the backlog really got built up for DAF and so we saw a reduction in first quarter to -- I guess, I can say more normal levels of order intake.
Ron Armstrong: Yeah. I'd say similar. I mean, it depends a little bit on the customer mix, the model mix, the geography mix, so there's lot of factors that weight into that. So something in a similar range would be.
Ron Armstrong: Well, I mean, because of the strength of the freight markets, our customers have enjoyed excellent performance. Our credit teams and our finance teams have done a lot of work to really apply lot of intelligent data analytics to our credit underwriting. We feel really good about the capabilities there. And so as long as the economy is good, the freight markets are good the portfolio will continue to perform very well. We've seen improvement in used trucks and -- the portfolio is growing. The team has some great technology that they've made available to our customers and, so I think all of that is playing to our finance company's capabilities and performance.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, it was up 2% to 3% compared to the first quarter of last year. I don't have the used truck volumes last year. For 2018, we sold about 15,000 Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF used trucks and so that's 3,000 to 4,000 a quarter, so I would guess that we're probably somewhere in the 3,000 3,500 range for used trucks sales in the first quarter.
Ron Armstrong: That surely would be our aim. Again, we're continuing to add additional TRP stores. We're continuing to add additional Peterbilt and Kenworth dealer locations, adding locations in markets like Brazil and other areas and so our goal is to continue to have the new programs in place, the additional technology to continue to build that business throughout all cycles.
Ron Armstrong: I think that our assumption is probably a pretty steady input cost. We have most of our components are purchased under long-term agreements and so it takes a little while to blend cost movements into the cost of the vehicles et cetera. So I think that's pretty much our assumption is a pretty stable cost environment.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, as a company we produced last year 97,500 engines which is the highest that we've ever produced and obviously of that -- every one of those -- DAF had record production and so every DAF truck has a PACCAR engine. And so as time goes on we'll have -- see more penetration of those engines into Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks and we are -- we've committed the money to get the capacity in place as quickly as we can. I think most of that will be being implemented in the 2019-2020 time frame for having full availability at the 2021-ish time frame.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I -- the demand for trucks is there and we're all ahead and as I had mentioned before when things do adjust down we've proven over many, many cycles that we're very adapt at managing through those. So we'll continue to execute that very well at whatever point that may happen.
A – Ron Armstrong: Yes the backlog is I'd say normal in terms of visibility that we have for our factory operations. And as we saw in the first quarter, registrations in the European market were up over last year and you'll continue to see a good market for this year for the full year as our forecast indicates.
A – Ron Armstrong: Yes, the actual order intake is down a bit over the -- last year was a very strong first quarter. So order intake is down similar to levels we've seen with our other European competitors.
A – Ron Armstrong: Yeah. So, the truck margins are in the 12%, 12.5% range. First quarter the truck margins were 12.5%. So, a lot of the incremental revenue will come from the truck side. And so, that wading effect of trucks versus Parts, will sort of keep us in a similar range as to the first quarter.
A – Ron Armstrong: Yeah. The CapEx increase is purely just as we've gotten into the year, the ability of our teams to move things forward has gone quicker than what we anticipated. Our plans are still pretty much the same. But we're actually going to be able to get things done quicker than what we'd originally anticipated. So, that's the capital increase. The R&D is, just part of how we prudently manage our product development efforts and have for years. We're probably going to spend a record amount of R&D for our company this year. But it's well thought out well positioned. And we feel good about we're doing everything we need to do to support the future needs for greenhouse gas changes, future products and also the advanced powertrain arena. So, I think we feel really good about what we're doing and the things that we're investing in both on the capital and R&D side.
A – Ron Armstrong: Yeah because the plans and projects that we're working on hasn't changed, It's just the pace at which those capital projects are being executed, and the ability to get those done quicker than what we had originally anticipated. So, there was no change in the projects. It's just recognition of the timing of incurring those capital-related costs.
A – Ron Armstrong: And we're continuing to fill out our used truck locations. We're going to be adding a new location on the property where our factory is located to further supplement our ability to sell used trucks and we're the biggest used truck seller for Peterbilt and Kenworth vehicles and we'll continue to support those excellent residual values.
A – Ron Armstrong: Yes, if there is pipeline capacity expansion and more importantly, if there's infrastructure program that gets approved, that will be where the vocational truck leader in North America and both of those things would be big pluses for our business. But as we said, the backlog for this year is very firm.
A – Ron Armstrong: So back on the truck pricing, I think on a year-over-year basis, I think we'll see similar comparison when you look back to the same quarter of the prior year, similar performance that offsets some increases in cost, but I think we'll see similar performance of what we saw in the first quarter.
A – Ron Armstrong: Well, I mean, we're having negotiations with customers on an ongoing basis about 2020 delivery. So and I think there's still recognition that the economy is good, the demand for freight is good, discussions with customers, people that need to haul freight it's -- there's still a pretty tight market to be able to get things delivered on a timely basis. So we're preparing for a continuation of the good market conditions into 2020.
