Mark Pigott: Sure. Well, I think, looking forward, as our industry, and I stress the industry, achieves more of a logistical equilibrium as suppliers are able to ramp up and invest in their companies and smooth out the delivery of many components, it should benefit the entire industry, including our customers, of course. There may be a slight improvement in margins. Obviously, PACCAR continues to invest in making our plants the most efficient in the industry. So overall, I know there's been a few questions about the margins, but I think as I indicated in the first prepared comments, our sales in trucks and parts and finance are improving, and as we get a higher proportion of truck sales and truck margins, they tend to reduce the overall margin because of the proportional weight.
Mark Pigott: Over the last, certainly, 10 years, as the industry has evolved away from the, let's call it, owner/operator smaller fleets to more medium and larger fleets, so has PACCAR's customer mix. I think it's very much in line with any of our competitors, and our market share is close to record levels in North America and certainly in Europe, which is, I think, reflecting more our customers’ demand for higher quality products. But I don't think there's really a mix issue in terms of any margin, no. Good question, though.
Mark Pigott: Well, we look at the number of retail sales, and there's a lot of things that you've got to look at in terms of moving parts: orders, build and retail sales, obviously the 3 major components. Backlogs are increasing certainly throughout the industry at Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF, which is good. I think there might be an element of push out. You're talking about a market that is up 50% from a year ago. Now, would we like it to be higher? Would you like it to be higher? Certainly, but that's kind of the world we're living in. The economy once again, even though we all read the headlines and people are having record results here, there and everywhere, if you peel back that onion a little bit, a lot of the companies, even some that reported today, a pretty considerable mixture of their benefits are Asia, China, India, Brazil, whether they're an industrial company or even on a consumer side. And that usually doesn't get reflected in the headline. So we have limited exposure to South America and to Asia. We have some but limited. So I think our results really reflect what's going on in North America and Europe. So next year, we hope things will be good. You got housing at a 50-year low, which impacts I'd say most basic materials and industries. You take a look at excellent companies like a Wal-Mart, a Lowe's, a Home Depot, people aren't putting a lot of money into fixing up their houses. So that impacts glass, brick, wood, concrete, TVs, refrigerators, carpets. All those things get moved by trucks. So I say as we indicated in our press release, the recovery is uneven, and then you overlay a 9% or 9.5% unemployment rate, and I think people are rightfully just -- they're cautious about what's going to happen.
Mark Pigott: Yes we are. And I'm glad you brought that up. I think we took an initiative, oh gosh, probably 15 years ago, where we would actually invest in capital equipment for our suppliers. We would retain ownership, and let's say you're running a $50 million company, which is a good-sized supplier. And you need to get a piece of equipment that might be $0.5 million. Well, that's a pretty substantial investment. If it makes sense, we'll go in, we'll purchase that. You, as a supplier, will run it. Hopefully, you'll be able to improve your quality, reduce your cost, reduce the amount of overtime and actually use it to supply other customers besides us. So it's kind of a win-win. So we are doing -- have done a lot of that and continue to do it and, in some cases, have probably accelerated that. So we want these suppliers to make money. We want our dealers to make money. We want our customers to make money, so we're going to see what we can do to help them.
Mark Pigott: I would say it's probably $5 million to $10 million range. It varies on the timing. Some of the pieces of equipment may take a year to build.
Mark Pigott: Absolutely. I think it's a host of suppliers. As you know, Ann, 1, 2 components, you need them all to make a truck to be able to deliver to a customer, and I think -- let me start on sort of the macro level. Certainly, a number of our competitors, and some that I'm sure you cover, have had week-long shutdowns. In fact, I think 1 or 2 have shutdowns right now because of supplier issue. And we're seeing this more in North America, but we've also seen it in Europe. So it's affecting the whole industry. When we sort of go on a more focused micro level, it can be anything to do with the rear suspension area. It can be an axle-related type of component. It could be components inside the cab that we might be purchasing. So I'd say every week, probably there may be a new supplier that's popping up. It may be that these suppliers are running 24/7. And God bless them for doing that. Everybody's working very, very hard. We've got a lot of people in different suppliers, facilities, assisting them whether it's investment as I talked about on the previous question, helping them lay out new lines, but there are suppliers in the automotive supply base in North America was really impacted seriously, much more than maybe people understand. I've seen the term hollowed out in different articles. When you've got a major contraction in the car industry, and a lot of these suppliers supply car and truck, and people talking about double dip, suppliers are rightfully very cautious. Should they add new facilities? Should they hire more people? Should they expand their facility? What if the economy, whether it's because we don't have a debt ceiling agreement or unemployment continues, what if there's a double dip? They don't want to get caught again. There's a lot of people that are rightfully cautious and conservative, and we're working with them to meet our needs, but it's not just all rosy out there.
Mark Pigott: That is correct. That is retail sales, and it reflects exactly what the industry is seeing, and that is 83,000 classic trucks have been retailed for the first 6 months, which means if we're going to get to 180,000 or 200,000 for the year, you're going to need a 25% to 40% increase in the second half. That's just the math.
Mark Pigott: The build is sort of running in line with retail sales. I mean, I can't -- I don't really know what the competitors are doing in terms of dealers, but our dealers, they're -- let's call it new truck inventory, so that would be trucks that are on the lot when you go see them, is at a 5-year low. So what that really means is when we build the truck, the customer gets the truck. So build becomes retail sales very quickly. There's not a 3, 4, 5, 6 month delay. The customers who are -- the customers have reported their earnings, and a number of them are up 5%, 10%, 20%, which is encouraging. That's good. They want the trucks. They're not going to wait around for them. So we see some improvement. Suppliers are getting healthier. There is a growing backlog which is healthy, and everybody in the industry is pushing to increase their build, but you can't build if you can't get components from your suppliers.
Mark Pigott: The way we run it, we have orders, we build for the customer. So if we're able to increase, and as I indicated in my comments, we're planning to have a 5% to 10% increase in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, we'll increase the build to meet our customers’ demand, in line with what we can get from suppliers. So I think it's getting better. And I think that's the important message is it's getting better. The orders have been relatively consistent. There have been 1 or 2 high months, but you can kind of level those out, and suppliers are making investments. We're making investments in suppliers. And I don't think we can look away. A 50% increase year-on-year, that's pretty strong, particularly in the automotive industry. You don't see that on the car side. I don't think they could handle a 50%. I mean that would be amazing. So I think we have to give credit to the truck people to be able to get a 50% increase.
Mark Pigott: Well, they certainly had some impact, but we don't really break that out. As part of doing business, sometimes, the supplier picks up the cost. Sometimes we do, but all I can say is, if you've ever been in the plant, you don't want to get too many things being brought in by airplane. It tends to gets expensive, but we don't really break that out. I mean it's just the cost of doing business that way.
Mark Pigott: I'd say there is some improved pricing in the marketplace. As I noted earlier, a number of our customers, in fact, quite a few of our customers are seeing improved profitability. Obviously fuel, they have to watch what's going on with fuel. But the customers and the very good customers who are here and have survived really 3 major economic shocks in the last 10 years, they're very well-run companies. They understand that to meet the different emission levels, of course, the latest one being 2010, costs are going up, and obviously as a manufacturer, what we need to bring to the party is improved fuel economy whether it's through better engine performance or just more streamlined vehicles. So you're talking about a couple of percent increase out to the customers, which then they have to turn around and pass on to their end customers. So you're seeing that. So that's positive. And just how to see how the general economy is doing, some areas are doing well, but others are obviously slow. And I think that is reflected in the type of customers. If you're in the building products type of industry, it's pretty slow. If you're maybe doing a few things to the retail mall or consumer, it might be pretty good. I think it's gradually improving.
Mark Pigott: Well, let's look at it in 2 segments, if you will. Europe, DAF has just been an amazing success story. And obviously, we have the attention of all of our major competitors, and as we continue to reiterate, we'd like to get to that 20% level. We're a little over 15%. We kind of go between 15% and 16%, which is a great improvement from the 7% to 8% it was 10 years ago. So that's had a good benefit. And DAF probably has the best dealer network in Europe, one of the few independent dealer networks, so these dealers are really working hard to break into new customers, new accounts. So we look for steady improvement, but recognize that we are now in the sights of all of our competitors in Europe. In North America, 26.7% is certainly one of the highest shares we've had in many years. I think because we've worked with suppliers, we've been able to deliver maybe a few more vehicles than some of our competitors. Some of our competitors might have had longer shutdowns or had shutdowns. We haven't really had to do any of that. But in that range, we always like to be there, but the main thing is continue to deliver great results to our shareholders. That's the key.
Mark Pigott: Well, I think it's probably, overall, although there'll be some short-term pain probably at a few different customers, I think it's overall good to have a standard. This is an industry that we love. We live in it every day, and we're very proud of what it's done for certainly North America and Europe in having a very attractive transportation sector. I think in terms of drivers, just 5, 6 years ago, if you had said housing was down, you would have said, well, that would have resulted in a lot more drivers because there is a real correlation between people driving or building homes. Because of CSA and the different regulations, that correlation is probably still intact, but it's reduced in intensity or correlation. I know some of our customers are finding it a challenge to find good drivers. What that usually results in is higher pay for the drivers, and usually, our customers are pretty good at balancing that because they've got customers that they have to deliver to. They've got trucks -- they don't want trucks standing still as the economy gradually improves. So I think overall, it's a capitalistic system, works as pay goes up, you'll get more people that at one time, say, well I'm not interested, saying that is attractive for me. It is a good company, let me get into that. So if the pay goes up, more people will get interested and good people, that's the key. Good professional drivers.
Mark Pigott: Absolutely. No, I mean it's a very good point. It's sort of a given in our strategy and also in the strategy of many of our customers to have a good-looking Kenworth, Peterbilt or DAF truck out there and use that to pull people in, and that continues to be an element of the recruiting. But you also have to have the overall compensation package, which I think many of our excellent customers continue to review on a regular basis. So you put the package out there. It's attractive. You're going to have more people interested in taking the job.
Mark Pigott: Well, we probably won't see the percent of sales, but I think the dollars should certainly be in that range because of the strength of PACCAR and an excellent balance sheet, which I know you've noted, and we appreciate that. We're trying to accelerate new products, new processes, new systems and stay at the forefront, and as I mentioned, it was a nice recognition by Forbes Magazine on being one of the world's top 50 innovative companies. You've got to keep innovating. So I think the dollars are probably in line.
Mark Pigott: Probably that would be a much longer conversation. I'm not sure that either of us would be completely happy with the outcome of that. It's all bundled in, and it's just what our team works with every day. Yes, I know the question, but it's very complicated.
Mark Pigott: Yes, exactly right. You've followed us and the industry long enough to -- in every 3 months, we get a little bit smarter on where the industry is going to go, and of course, we've also seen dramatic changes, not these last 3 months but in previous years. A lot of things can happen in 3 months. So I think Ann or some of your other colleagues mentioned, we'd love to get to 180,000, 200,000. That's our estimate but for the first half, it was 83,000 retail sales.
Mark Pigott: Well, obviously, how we run the company, the efficiency of productivity is completely in our control, and I'm very proud of the team. They've done an outstanding job forever. And we'll continue to do that. The working with suppliers, I think, as a number of them get on firmer footing, which all of them want to be, and as we're able to help them out, whether it's to say making a capital investment or just helping them lay out factories or work with their Tier 2 or Tier 3, there may be some benefit in a long-term arrangement. And I think, the biggest thing that's probably out of our hands is the general economy, and I know a lot of the analysts who've covered the industry, particularly through the heydays of '06, '07 and '08. And I think we need to recognize that a lot of the margins being generated then, the whole economy was just really doing well. I'm not talking about trucking. I'm talking about just the general economy. It was buoyant, there was a lot of confidence, housing was, gosh, probably 1.8 million housing starts in that timeframe. We're now at about 500,000 to 600,000, so it's down 60%, 70%. Car sales were bumping 15 million, 16 million, 17 million. There was a lot going on, and so margins for every industry were pretty good. Customers were able to pass along costs as they came in. And now we're in a different economic cycle. So if you guys can tell me when we're going to get back to '07, '08 general economic buoyancy, that will be great.
Mark Pigott: We're working on it. We've got great results and great teams and a lot of products that we're very proud of and great customers, so say, $240 million this quarter versus $100 million a year ago, I think a nice reflection for everybody's hard work.
Mark Pigott: Yes, I've seen 1 or 2 of my competitors commenting. I think what we're seeing, and obviously we can't mention too much about that, but what we're seeing at DAF in Europe is some increased share. And increased share in a bigger market than a year ago, so that translates for us more units. And growing in central Europe, probably [ph] Southern Europe on a general economic platform, has got some challenges, which we know all about. But DAF, I think it's got some upward potential and the overall industry, 10% to 20% I think that's in line. We're comfortable with that.
Mark Pigott: Yes. I think in Europe, and this is something that you would know as well as any of us, the Portugal, Spain, Italy, the usual group, Greece not so much because it's not such a big truck market, but people are thinking about what they're going to do. We do reasonably well. We typically, we're #2 in market share in those markets, but those markets are not big. So the benefit for us is the strong economic performance of Germany. We do well in the U.K. We have for decades, France, good market, we're now #2 in France behind one of our competitors. And Central Europe and some into Russia, so that's good. And then selling some components, whether it’s a cab or an engine into Asia. People really enjoy and appreciate the DAF quality and attention to detail. So it's smaller numbers, but that's improving. And you say in North America, we're still in the replacement side and depending on what replacement cycle number you look at, and for a number of years, we said it's about 220,000, 225,000, and we're not really to that level yet. We're probably still a little below replacement, which if that holds true and the general economy improves, bodes well for our industry.
Mark Pigott: Well, I don't think it has that much impact. Obviously, we're very used to going up in production and probably going down in production because we've been doing it for a long time. PACCAR is very efficient. I think if anything, you can say it's front-end loaded, but I don't think it's really much to talk about. Our factories are at strong build levels, and we'll probably have 50% more in-house capacity in terms of the efficiency just over the last 6, 7, 8 years. And we have long-term employees working there, great engineering, great materials people. So going up, they were ready to go up and build, right? And they're ready to do more if the market demands it.
Mark Pigott: I'm not sure what European incentives. We don't get any, so maybe somebody is getting something that we don't. I am not sure who you might be talking about, but if I connect the dots, so to speak, we’re selling at the premium end and some others may not be at that end. So I'm not sure what you mean by incentives.
Mark Pigott: Well, of course, you know PACCAR financially. You know what we do on that. We've had good results, and we're having improved results as we shared in the press release. Now I don't know. I mean, our dealers are independent. But they use PACCAR Financial, and so I'm not sure what they're talking about. We're doing well. Our share is good. Quality is great, and we keep working on it.
Mark Pigott: Well, it's a very good question. I would say that probably PACCAR has the best relationship with suppliers. So that is the same excellent relationship we've had for decades. I think what the industry, and it's for the whole industry and everybody being affected is the increasingly expensive cost associated with meeting the different EPA regulations. It's all been in the press, and this is nothing new. But essentially, every 3 years, '02, '04, '07, '10, '13, there are significant technology enhancements that need to be developed. And the customers benefit ultimately. Certainly the world benefits as we have a wonderfully low emission vehicle. But the last -- we've been in a recession for 4 years in our industry, since '07. Nobody likes to talk about it, but that's the facts. And so for 4 years, which really covers 2 major cost milestones, if you will, '07 and '10 where customers are saying, we know you have $15,000 worth of costs, but I can't pass that long. And as a consumer, I can appreciate that. So that's, I think, if you pull that out, our margins are excellent. I'm very proud of the team. We've got great margins considering the environment we're in. And we're working hard through new products, new markets, aka Brazil, new developments in all elements to, first of all, increase our net income because that's really what our goals are. And that should result in some margin enhancement. But that's the macro view of the world we live in.
Mark Pigott: As far as the truck market, we've had good success, and they tend to be still some low-cost manufacturers. We have some customers that are either adding additional distribution centers or actually relocating from traditional Western Europe markets, but Europe is a complicated scenario right now as you can see from some of your studies, particularly on the financial and political side. So we're in all the major markets and continue to add dealers and the trucks do very, very well. So whatever happens, I think DAF is well positioned.
Mark Pigott: We really can't forecast that. And the, as I shared previously, a lot of the cost, it's not supplier. It's regulatory. That's the impact. Those are not going away. In fact, they will continue to increase because although 2013 will be not as expensive, there will be costs associated with it. And so that's the difference.
Mark Pigott: We had positive operating cash flow of $792 million, and we would expect, as many of our customers use the leasing product, that we will continue to invest in operating leases going forward. So the trend in that metric will probably be similar as we look into the second half.
Mark Pigott: We would expect our gross margins for the year to be -- combined between truck and parts to be probably trending more towards the June 30 level.
Mark Pigott: On Mississippi? Yes, it's going well. I'd say we have about 25% year-to-date market share in the Kenworth and Peterbilt. We're starting to have customers on some repeat purchases, and so in terms of utilization, we still have -- or capacity utilization, we have a lot of capacity left, and certainly, we can bring in additional machines if we feel that we need additional capacity. So we're in very good shape.
Mark Pigott: I think that's a fair comment, I think, from an overall perspective, and that's for the whole industry. Obviously, everybody making something in the automotive sector is having some impact. So we think it should be improved. Next year, we'll probably bring a different group of suppliers that will maybe have some challenges, but that's what we do. And I think depending on how the general economy unfolds, which will be interesting, over the next week, to see how the United States of America deals with a few issues, it should be reasonable.
Mark Pigott: Yes. Well, longer term, we see it going up. And whether it's 5%, 8%, 10% per year, which we certainly have seen over the last decade or so. Brazil is a large country. 200 million people in an area the size of Continental United States. They've got some major infrastructure programs that are well underway. Olympics, World Cup are 2 major ones but just a general improvement in their highway system. You've got some very positive government policies that are allowing quite a few millions of Brazilians to move up the social scale to middle-class. And as a result of that, you've got increased demand for housing and all the goods that go along with housing. Now balancing that, there are challenges, as you would find for any rapidly growing country, whether it's interest rate, inflation, currency versus other currencies, and that's something that I'm sure the government is working on very hard. So will it have some ups and downs in the truck market? Certainly. We've seen it in every other market, and just as an aside, the Chinese market, which continues to be the largest truck market in the world, greater than 15 tonnes, so let's call it the medium- and heavy-duty trucks, it could be down 10% this year. And we've been going to China, and gosh, for decades, if you would talk with any of the Chinese manufacturers even a year ago and said that you think things are going to go down, you would have probably been -- there would have been a long silence because everybody there is geared at 7%, 8%, 9%, 10% growth, but the market will be down in China 10%. And let's put that in perspective. That's over 100,000 trucks down, which is more than 1/2 of the U.S. and Canadian market. So those are significant changes, but that's the way the world is. It doesn't always go up, and we've been doing this for a long time, so Brazil may have a lower truck market, but I think overall, it looks very good. They don't have much of a rail system, a very limited rail system. You've got a growing population, a population moving towards more middle class and still very exciting, very attractive marketplace for trucks.
Mark Pigott: No. No, no, the aerodynamic trucks, which I would call the -- that's the new traditional. You can quote me on that. Everybody understands that fuel, diesel is at $4, $4.50, most likely it could go higher. We're certainly the lowest fuel cost of major markets. And no, I think the margins, there's really not a mix impact in terms of margins.
Mark Pigott: Well, first of all, they have a completely different supply base. Their industry, while it certainly has ups and downs, to be fair, didn't have major bankruptcies in the industry. And if you peel it away, and they're excellent companies, excellent companies you've mentioned.
Mark Pigott: A bigger percent of their business is coming from outside of North America. So we can't really -- we're not in this to compare how we're doing. This is how we're doing. PACCAR is doing very, very well, and we'll continue to do well and proud of the team.
Mark Pigott: Well, I can't say. We're still in July and working with suppliers, but we're looking for overall increase in production for the quarter.
Mark Pigott: Kristine, I've been doing this for 32 years, and PACCAR has always been the premium priced, premium quality supplier to the industry, and that's what we focus on. What our competitors do with their pricing is always just something we live with.
Mark Pigott: In the third quarter, we're pretty much filled up, yes, but if you want that truck, we can get it to you in the fourth quarter.
Mark Pigott: Well, I think that's a good question. It's fairly straightforward obviously. Northern Europe is going to be stronger than Southern Europe. And I think that's -- Central Europe is pretty good. I was just in Central Europe a few weeks ago, and the economies are in reasonable shape. DAF, you may not know this, but DAF is number one in share in Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic. And those economies are pretty good, so that's really sort of the short answer.
Mark Pigott: Well, I think typically you've seen a little bit faster GDP growth in Central Europe. With the unevenness and the challenges facing the Eurozone right now, a lot of these are starting to vary, but the markets where we're strong, and of course, we're quite strong in all the markets. We're gaining share even in a down market. I'd say the good thing about DAF is we're in all those major markets and able to benefit. Obviously, Germany is the big economic engine for all of Europe and perhaps U.K. has a good economy although having some challenges now.
Mark Pigott: I think customers are very happy with them. Obviously, they're standard in Europe. And so the recognizable benefits of the shorter stopping distance is better achieved by the disc brakes. And I think over time, the North American industry will be moving more towards disc brakes.
Mark Pigott: Well, as we've mentioned a number of times, as the general economy improves, and if that drives a market to 300, which would be very significant increase, I would say that probably reflects a much stronger general economy, which we have seen in the past, usually allows higher margins in a whole host of industries, and that would be a good thing.
Mark Pigott: Well, even in boom times, and we certainly have seen many of those, each company has its own cycle, if you will. And in boom times, we've seen companies go out of business. We've seen acquisition of supplier companies. But those are boom times that gets exacerbated obviously with slowdown. And remember, our industry went down 70%, 7-0 from the peak to the trough. That is pretty tough. So I think companies that have made it through on the supply side would love to have higher volumes and but each company makes its own decision, so when we say the supplier industry, we're sort of generously lumping everybody together but within that 800 or 1,000 different suppliers, each one has its own story. If there's a lot more volume for an extended period of time, I think it's fair to say the general supplier industry will do better. But that doesn't mean there aren't 1,000 different stories.
Mark Pigott: No. In fact, quite the opposite. The efficiency, PACCAR being a leader on Six Sigma and 5S is actually making a positive contribution to the truck margin, which I've said has gone from 5% to 8.1%. So I give the plants and our teams there a lot of credit for their contribution.
Mark Pigott: Not really. No, it's a benefit. It's a benefit to have our own engine. Our customers love it. We love it, and we're looking for very exciting ongoing development.
Mark Pigott: Okay. Well, when you do, I'm sure you'll love it. But we purposely designed it so that we could bring in by component at different production levels the machinery we needed. So you have different thresholds of production. So we anticipated that we'd be at approximately these levels. We have machinery to support it. As the market increases, we certainly have the room inside the factory to bring in the next threshold amount of equipment. So it's all aligned.
Mark Pigott: No. It's a good question, but not quite right. What we're saying is the industry won't build in retail as many as we thought 6 months ago. So we're not talking about cancellations. We're just talking about fewer trucks will be built and retailed.
Mark Pigott: Well, actually, in '08 '09, of course, DAF was also a part of PACCAR, an important part of PACCAR. And they're vertically integrated. So that really hasn't shifted. What's changed is in '07, '08, it's a very strong economic environment, a lot of people making a lot of money. Margins were high. And you didn't have the overlay of these large costs. So if we get back to a GDP of 3%, 4% growth here and the market is as one of your fellow analysts said at 300,000, I would expect there will be some improvement in the margins.
Ann Duignan: Mark, can you just expand on the chassis component shortages? Can you just elaborate on what specific component are you talking about? Is it the whole bunch of little things or is it axles or is it one supplier or many suppliers? If you can just expand on that, it would be very helpful.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And I appreciate that, and that kind of leads me into my second question, and that’s your outlook for North America and taking it down. I presume, just correct me if I'm wrong, that's your outlook for retail sales given the economic...
Ann Duignan: I appreciate that, but can you talk about your outlook for build versus retail? I mean, if I look at the backlogs, backlog build...
Ann Duignan: And supposing you were able to free up all the capacity you need in your supply base, would you accelerate your build for a while to exceed retail just to get those dealer inventories back to...
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Well, first, I’ll start with a comment. Part of the confusion around free cash flow is while you've made some great steps in terms of the income statement and balance sheet in terms of breaking out the manufacturing from the finance business, it would really help if you did the same on the cash flow statement, and then you wouldn't get those questions.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Okay. And more importantly, I think you’ve made it very clear that and you said it that the issue around gross margins has more to do with regulatory costs than it does with supplier. To me, that means, and quite frankly, Mark, I've never seen a machining business, heavy machining, heavy machinery that has better gross margins than an assembly business. So to me, what's different is as you ramp up the engine production in Mississippi, while your customers love it and all those things are good, on a gross margin level, it's got to be lower, maybe not significantly, but it's got to be lower than the traditional assembly businesses. And that might change over time when spare parts and parts become a bigger part of the business. But at least for right now, it's more of a secular issue as that mix shifts than it is cyclical relative to where we are in production or where we are with suppliers.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: Okay. But again, the only thing that's different about PACCAR today versus PACCAR of the '08, '09, '10 where other people wanted to compare like-for-like volumes or revenues to today and competition that's had close to peak margins versus you guys, the only thing that's different is, today, you're a bigger manufacturer, heavy manufacturing where you always used to be -- the beauty of the PACCAR business model was assembly. And to me, that's the only thing I can see. So that's why I believe it's more of this secular shift towards making your own engines.
Michael Regan - Janus Capital: But to your point about the overlay of large costs, there are larger costs associated with engine regulation, engine changes that are needed to have to be invested in than there are with the overall truck, and I think that supports my thesis around gross margins for the engine business versus assembly.
