Preston Feight: Good morning. Harrie Schippers and I will provide you an update on PACCAR's excellent third quarter results and business highlights. To begin, I'm proud of our employees around the world who provide our customers the highest quality trucks, powertrains, and transportation solutions. In the third quarter PACCAR achieved sales and financial services revenues of $6.4 billion and net income of $608 million, resulting in a strong 9.5% after-tax return on revenues. PACCAR net income increased 11% compared to the third quarter of last year. PACCAR achieved robust truck, parts, and other gross margins of 14.9% in the third quarter, and also for the year to date. Through the first nine months of the year, our team achieved record revenue and earnings. PACCAR delivered 49,300 trucks during the third quarter, compared to 52,200 in the second quarter. This reflects fewer billing days in Europe, due to DAF's regular summer shutdown, which was partially offset by higher deliveries in North America. In the fourth quarter, deliveries will be lower by 6% to 8% compared to the third quarter, due to fewer production days in North America and lower daily build rates in North America and Europe. Fourth quarter truck, parts and other gross margins are estimated to be in the range of 14% to 14.5%. PACCAR declared third quarter dividends of $0.32 per share and year-to-date dividends of $0.96 per share. Year-to-date dividends were 19% higher than dividends declared in the same period last year. We repurchased 833,000 shares of stock during the third quarter, and there is $431 million remaining in the current $500 million Board of Directors' authorization. PACCAR continues to create a full lineup of innovative truck models and technologies. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF have introduced a range of electric powertrain vehicles in the last two years, that customers are field testing in a variety of applications. PACCAR is well positioned to supply the industry with a complete set of powertrain technologies, including battery electric, fuel cell and diesel engines. This year, PACCAR has opened two global software research and development centers in the U.S. and Europe that are accelerating the development of embedded vehicle software, and PACCAR connected vehicle solutions for our customers. The PACCAR Innovation Center in the Silicon Valley, which we opened in 2017, complements PACCAR's extensive R&D efforts, and is focused on the development of PACCAR level 2 and 4 autonomous trucks. PACCAR will showcase many of our innovative products and technologies at the North American Commercial Vehicle Show in Atlanta next week, and at the CES Technology Show in Las Vegas in January. We hope to see you there. We are pleased to share that Kenworth, Peterbilt and PACCAR parts were each recognized as top employers for women at the Women in Trucking Annual Conference. We were honored for excellent work environment and company culture, that supports gender diversity. Harrie Schippers will now provide an update on PACCAR's truck segment, PACCAR Parts, Financial Services and investment priorities for next year.
Preston Feight: Sure, as we've watched the industry normalize, if you look at inventory, we really think that right now, it's not in that shape at all for us. We just have 2.4 months of inventory retail sales sitting out there, so that's a nice level. In good shape. We've already adjusted our backlog to be -- we have 36% of the backlog in the industry. So that's in good shape. And then as we look forward and think about build rates, we took adjustments into the -- end of the third quarter there, both North America and Europe to get them right for the markets, so that we feel like we've got a reasonable build going into 2020.
Preston Feight: I think the guidance we gave on the 4% to 6% growth, and I think margins would likely be comparable to what we saw this year.
Preston Feight: I think we'll watch what happens in 2020. I don't think it's going to be an even year, every month will be different. I mean every quarter will be different. So we'll make sure that we adjust build rate appropriate to the orders we have. Right now we have reasonable backlog in the first quarter, especially in North America. So we feel like we've got ourselves about right and we'll watch as the year comes along, what we need to do, whether it's go up or down in build rate.
Preston Feight: What we saw in Financial Services, we've had really a low credit losses. We've had low past dues. The portfolio continues to perform really well. In fact, we're pretty pleased with that portfolio. The only headwind we've had in Financial Services was used trucks.
Preston Feight: Yes, if you just think about what this quarter was about, we did have reasonable pricing influence, that more than offset costs. So I think those are the things that drove our stronger margin performance for the quarter. I don't know if I've gone back in terms of kind of a bridge to the 3Q of '18 numbers and what was going on back in there. We did have fewer operating lease deferrals in Q3 of '19 versus Q3 of 2018, and therefore, that that helped our revenue a bit.
Preston Feight: So if you think about used trucks, one of the things that has been nice for PACCAR, is we've made investments over the past few years to grow our used truck capability. We created a new used truck center in Los Angeles. We're in the middle of creating one in Denton, Texas, it will open in the fourth quarter. Obviously PACCAR's used trucks provide a premium value in the marketplace. So that's a nice thing for our customers, and really have a 10% to 15% premium over our competitors. And actually sometimes, more than that compared to some of the competitors. But we have seen the used truck market in general, go into that double digit level of declines on that 10% to 15% decline, and that's already been kind of dealt with through this quarter.
Preston Feight: Well, I think -- maybe that's a little bit less than I would think about it. And I think we feel like the inventory, while you admit it, while you acknowledge is trailing run rate. We still do talk to our dealers all the time and our customers all the time, and we see that there will be good demand for the products, as we look forward. So I would say that, the last quarter's order intake has been lower, but as we get into the fourth quarter and we're meeting with customers, talking about what next year's buying pattern is going to be, I expect people will be buying trucks, and I think that indeed the occasional market seems to continue to be very solid throughout the country, throughout Canada. So I would expect that our inventory is okay. As far as adjustments go to production, like we said earlier, I think we make those adjustments up and down, as the market demands it.
Preston Feight: Yes, that's a tough thing to forecast out what kind of a decline rate there would be. And if it might last longer than a year. I think we probably look at this and say, there are still strong economic fundamentals in the U.S. and Canada right now. GDP is positive, tonne miles are high. I think, we think there is normalizing of the market estimate of 230,000 to 260,000 is just -- kind of feels like where things are happening too. As far as it being beyond next year. No idea if it's just a pause in the economy, and that it will reaccelerate, or if it will slow down for more than a year.
Preston Feight: Sure. Well, I think that we've already done a good job of looking into our backlog and working with our customers, just to make sure that we had real backlog, and that if there were cancellations, we took them. If there were different scheduling needs, we've addressed them. I can't speak for the total industry, but I feel like -- we feel like our backlog is in a reasonable shape right now.
Preston Feight: One of the things we've seen in Europe has been -- that the U.K. has done quite nicely for us this year. So in spite of all the news around it, and maybe that will continue. We also are the leading brand of tractors throughout Europe. And as we watch Europe really expand East -- continue to expand east in development, our DAF premium products do a great job throughout all of Europe, and we have market leadership in countries like Poland and we are strong in Hungary and Romania and those kinds of countries. So as the total market of Europe matures, DAF does very well, enables us to grow share there.
Preston Feight: Sure. I think I think your comments are reasonably accurate, as we did take the adjustments to Europe, to where -- a point where it matched the market demand. And we've seen that we've held onto our market share gains with our build rates. So we're setting at like 16.4%, which is near historic highs for us, in market share. So we think we have it balanced about right now. And Europe was probably a little sooner coming down than maybe we thought it might be, and that's why we made the necessary adjustments, and it feels like we're setting the right levels.
Preston Feight: Yes. We have -- I mean I'll start by just saying, we have the best dealer network in the industry, and I mean spent a lot of time with them. They're fantastic business partners. We see significant investments from them in North America and in Europe. So it's one way to think about this, is that they're constantly renewing their facilities, and adding service bays and shop capability, to make sure our customers maximize their uptime. And so we'll watch next year that they'll continue to make those investments into new facilities, with lots of great plans around adding locations. And we'll see some location growth in North America. What I'd expect more in Europe, is it will be -- the continuing development of replacement locations and improved service bay capability or more service bay capability. And to your point of, TRP Stores, we will be adding TRP Stores in 2020 as well, probably much along the lines as we have, in this year.
Preston Feight: So as far as the continuing to profitability, we think the strong profits we had in the third quarter will continue going forward and for the detail of your question, I will let Michael want to address that one.
Preston Feight: I think one of the great strengths of PACCAR, is that we are always looking at operational efficiency gains, not just in one year, but over the course of time. We're always thinking about cost control. So as we head into markets like the normalized market we're facing, we've already been aggressively thinking about cost control, and I think that's enabled us to deliver the solid gross margins we had this quarter, and even the quarterly gross margins we predict for next quarter in 14% to 14.5%. So I think that we are always managing the business efficiently for the benefit of our customers, and we think that 14% to 14.5% that we deliver next quarter will be pretty solid.
Preston Feight: Well, that's kind of hypothetical to us. Just to think where it might go down to and how we might react in those circumstances. But you can imagine, that we will always be focused on cost control, and we have a long, long history of all different markets back through the recession of 2009, and we still continue with profitability and we'll continue to do a good job in those, even if those circumstances were to return, which we don't predict.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think what we're always looking for in those in SG&A, and in our spending is to make sure that we are developing the right products and services for customers looking into the future. And so as we shared, we think the level of spending for us on R&D and capital our capital come down a little bit. R&D is roughly flat, and I think in SG&A, we will apply rigorous disciplines, to make sure that the costs are appropriately controlled.
Preston Feight: Workforce is one, contracts is another, licensing agreements, work we do, those kinds of things, all get looked at. We really don't think of things in terms of a lot of fixed pricing.
Preston Feight: So I as we think about the U.K. one of the beautiful things for us is, we have great production capacity in the U.K. We also have it in Eindhoven, and so we were able to flex depending on what Brexit might or might not be appropriately for the market, so we can build the trucks we need in the U.K., in U.K., and we can build all the trucks, the CFXs we need for the continent, we can build on the continent as well. So that gives us good flexibility, and I think Harrie, you were looking at the number...
Preston Feight: Yes, that's -- we can use it for both, and we have enough there to support the U.K. and we have enough capacity in Europe to support Europe.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think it will be -- your second part of question is quite possibly true, and we'll continue to manage price to best of our ability in the market, and we are always aggressively looking at our cost structure. And, as you mentioned, that could be a bit of a tailwind for us, in terms of what happens next year, as in 2019, suppliers are running at full capacity, some inefficiencies in their ships. So maybe there's some upside in that.
Preston Feight: Well, we've made adjustments in the first parts of October for our build rates, so this is coming at that. So we think we've got that set up right. When I think about our backlog and build rates for next year, we still have quite a healthy backlog, and so there could be a little bit of a more time for the normalization to that quarter intake of 20,000 per month, as you put the number out there. But orders are definitely starting to pick up. It's a very normal part of the cycle to have late summer be quiet, and then as people are putting their capital budgets into place, then to see the fourth quarter be a time of ordering, and we're seeing that right now. So whether it's going to be exactly at level this month or it will take a month or two to normalize out, it should normalize out.
Preston Feight: Sure. For both of them as far as -- whether they're one-time or continuous run rates, what we do is, we always look at the portfolio of projects and opportunities that are going to bring value, and we invest in those. We build the business for the long haul. Don't think about the quarterly cycle as much as we do, is making the right level of investments, and we have -- that's how we've arrived at the number, and the guidance number, at $625 million to $675 million in CapEx. And the same approach is on R&D, which is not a lot of really good projects out there right now, that have great ROIs for our customers. And so we're looking at those and always evaluating whether they should be done and whether you can bring the right value and the portfolio we have is, it's a fantastic portfolio, both for factory improvements, and one of the ones we mentioned, is the Chillicothe new paint facility, which will improve efficiencies and quality, just as an example. And as we look at the R&D spending kinds of projects on powertrains, and we mentioned electric vehicles and autonomous vehicles and more aerodynamic truck models, improvements, all of those are things that we look at and say, hey, if we can do this, and it's going to make our already best in class trucks even better, then we're going to do them.
Preston Feight: So I think we already kind of talked about North America being a positive for us in the quarter. And I think that's really the only minor thing that was -- I would say it was a contributor. But overall, good pricing, good cost control and a stronger North American mix.
Preston Feight: So I think they're fairly comparable without running exact numbers. They are both roughly in the same ranges in the quarterly, look at how they how they moved about high-single digits in North America, and it was a series of smaller steps through Europe, that did the same thing.
Preston Feight: So for the medium-duty market in North America, I think we're seeing, it's around 100,000 in North America and right around 50,000 in Europe for next year. So, comparable numbers for this year.
Preston Feight: It what we're really trying to look at, is what's going on with the cycle and what's going on with the timing of the calendar year, and in fact of recent, we've seen an improving order intake in Europe, actually it's matching up to our build, so that's been a nice balancing point. And hopefully that will be what continues.
Preston Feight: Got to believe it has something to do with providing great trucks to our customers, and I think that really is a big part of it at the end of the day, because I think that we've been able to get to our record market shares in Europe and hold on to that share because people are experiencing our fantastic trucks and want some more of those.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. I think that strong growth is a result of, as you said the engines. It's also this investment in TRP that we're doing. Our team there does a fantastic job in e-commerce and in reaching out to our customers through new ways that are meeting their needs. So we're able to just kind of keep taking more and more of the market. These investments in our PDCs that we mentioned, both in Ponta Grossa in Brazil and in Las Vegas, allow us to get parts to the customers more quickly in those regions, which makes us a more desirable provider. And really frankly in partnership with our dealerships, who are fully committed to growing their parts business, because it's good for them, good for our customers and good for us, it's one of those real opportunities for win-win-win.
Preston Feight: Well, I think the comfort should come from the historically strong performance and then the reasons that we just talked about, which are just a lot of great products, growing relation of PACCAR products in Europe and North America over the past several years and that has also contributed to that growth and will continue to contribute to that growth, and some strong markets that we have a large part of trucks out there.
Preston Feight: I think it's probably going to run a lot like this '19 has gone. Those adjustments were more '19 to '18 than they were looking forward. So we're at a pretty stable rate of optional and fixed rate GRVs.
Preston Feight: Well, I guess, we'll just -- we aren't hearing from you, we will just kind of try to extrapolate your question a little bit.
Preston Feight: Sure. I think, the trucks are performing exceptionally well in the field. I think our customers are experiencing that we're delivering the best fuel economy, and the lowest operating cost of any brand. So we do think that should drive our market share up, and looking forward to that happening, and working every day to make sure that does happen.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that the 4% to 6% number is a nice steady growth rate in a market that's declining, as depending on what happens. And again, I think that there's a lot of things working right to it, as far as when it come back up. We'll keep our eyes on that, and watching for every opportunity to grow it.
Preston Feight: Yes, I think that down amount that we've seen, maybe that will continue. It's obviously difficult to forecast entirely where it will stay settled out to. But...
Preston Feight: And I think you know the thing we're looking at is just that there is -- there is still a really healthy demand out there for day cabs specifically, and although values are down, we have the advantage of PACCAR of having a mix of trucks. We are not very uniform in our truck distribution. A lot of day cabs, a lot of pickup and delivery, a lot of vocational trucks, and some sleeper trucks as well. So I think our ability to move those trucks should at least perform to the market and probably outperform, and again, we'll keep getting the premium for those trucks.
Preston Feight: And so, in the third quarter, we saw a price of roughly 3% and cost of 1.5%. And I think in the fourth quarter, I think there will be more pricing pressure, but there could be some opportunity on costs, that we're evaluating right now.
Preston Feight: So I think about it in a couple of different ways. One is, that you mentioned is, the growing MX park that's out there, we did add capacity to our Columbus engine plant, and increase our build rates of MX engines. In fact, in the second -- in the first half, I think we were 39% MX, and in the third quarter we were 45%, so we saw some growth there and do see some continued upside for MX engines, as people get to realize the benefits of that great engine. And then I think it's not just about our park of vehicles for Kenworth and Peterbilt and DAF for the engine. I think our team does a great job of also capturing into the all-mix business with the TRP brands, where 50% of those customers are new to PACCAR, which creates a great opportunity for growth for us as well. And I think we're always looking at opportunities to grow, not just the parts business itself, but provide increased levels of service for our customers, and that comes through higher degrees of connectivity of the trucks, where we understand better what's going on. So all of those point to opportunities to keep growing the parts business over time.
Harrie Schippers: Thanks Preston. Our 2019 forecast, for Europe's greater than 16-tonne truck market, to be in a range of 310,000 to 320,000 units, reflecting continued modest economic growth and strong truck demand. Next year, the Eurozone and U.K. economies are expected to grow about 1%. We expect 2020 to be another good year, with the European above 16-tonne truck market in a range of 260,000 to 290,000 vehicles. The U.S. economy is growing 2.3% this year, with 50-year low unemployment, and strong consumer spending. Freight tonnage has grown 4.2% year-to-date. In the U.S. and Canada Class 8 industry retail sales continue to grow in 2019, following the strong orders and production over the last two years. We estimate 2019, U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales to be in the range of 310,000 to 320,000 trucks. We expect 2020 to be another good economy, and estimate the U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck markets to be in the range of 230,000 to 260,000 trucks, in line with normal replacement demand. The South American above 16-tonne truck market should be in the range of 95,000 to 105,000 trucks this year, and slightly higher in 2020. In Brazil, the above 16-tonne truck segment is projected to be in a range of 65,000 to 75,000 vehicles this year and slightly higher next year. PACCAR Parts business generated strong quarterly revenues of $1 billion. Quarterly pre-tax income was $207 million, 10% higher than the third quarter last year. Consistent investments in parts distribution capacity, customer focus programs such as fleet services and TRP Stores, and a growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operations, drove these results. Since 2013, DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers have opened nearly 200 TRP retail stores on six continents. The stores provide high quality TRP branded, aftermarket products and services to owners of all makes of trucks, trailers, buses and engines. PACCAR Parts is constructing two new distribution centers, that will open next year. A 250,000 square foot facility in Las Vegas, which will make efficient use of solar power and 160,000 square foot facility in Ponta Grossa, Brasil. We expect part sales to grow by 4% to 6% next year. PACCAR Financial Services earned third quarter pre-tax income of $67 million. The portfolio was a record $15.6 billion this quarter, and performed well, with low past dues. In the third quarter, industry used truck inventory increased, and used truck pricing declined. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values commanded 10% to 15% premium in the market. We estimate 2019 capital spending to be in the range of $675 million to $725 million, and R&D expenses to be $325 million to $335 million. In 2020, we're planning for capital investments of $625 million to $675 million, and R&D expenses of $320 million to $350 million. These investments will continue to enhance PACCAR's truck, powertrains and transportation solutions. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: I think we've -- historically we've seen incremental and decremental margins in the 15% to 20% range and I would expect that to be similar for next year.
Harrie Schippers: We go through our overhead budgeting process every year, as a zero based budgeting process, and we review all necessary spending in detail and make sure that we're keeping our organization as lean as possible.
Harrie Schippers: And being the only truck manufacturer that has a factory in the U.K., that could give us a very nice advantage.
Harrie Schippers: The tax rate normally -- you should think about is a 23% level. We benefited in Q3 from higher R&D credits than originally anticipated. So those are our final returns.
