Harrie Schippers: Thanks, Preston. PACCAR continues to provide strong operating cash flow for reinvestment in future growth and distribution to stockholders. Operating cash flow was $416 million in the first quarter. PACCAR delivered an excellent return on invested capital of 23% over the last five years, due to a combination of strong profitability and a consistent conservative approach to investing in the business. Yesterday, the PACCAR Board of Directors announced the regular quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share. PACCAR has a strong balance sheet with $4.3 billion of cash and marketable securities, no manufacturing debt, and an A+/A1 credit rating. PACCAR Parts achieved quarterly revenues of $999 millions, which is comparable to the same period last year. Parts pretax profits were record $215 million, 3% higher than the first quarter last year. To drive growth, PACCAR has made consistent investments in parts distribution capacity and customer focused technologies. PACCAR Parts will open two new parts distribution centers this year: One is Ponta Grossa, Brazil; and the other one is in Las Vegas, Nevada. PACCAR Parts has also made significant investments in e-commerce platform, which is benefiting our customers and dealers in this challenging time. PACCAR Financial Services first quarter revenues were $384 million and pretax income was $48 million, reflecting lower used truck sales results. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values command a 10% to 15% premium over competitors’ trucks. PACCAR Financial is investing to increase its retail used truck sample capacity worldwide, which enhances its used truck sales margins. PACCAR Financial recently opened a used truck center in Denton, Texas and plans to open additional used truck -- in Prague, Czech Republic and in Madrid, Spain this year. PACCAR Financial Services has excellent ongoing access to the debt markets, including commercial paper on a regular basis, -- issuing commercial paper on a regular basis. During the first quarter, PACCAR issued 3 and 5-year term notes, totaling $632 million. In addition, in early April, PACCAR Financial issued, $400 million 3-year fixed rate notes. We have reduced 2020 capital expenditures by $100 million to a range of $525 million to $575 million and have reduced research and development expenses by $45 million to a range of $265 million to $295 million. PACCAR’s strong financial position enables us to continue investing in important capital and R&D projects in all market conditions. And finally, we thank our excellent independent Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers for their support of our customers. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers are well-capitalized and have invested $2.6 billion in their businesses in the last 10 years. These investments continue to make a significant contribution to PACCAR’s Truck market share PACCAR Parts and Financial Services performance. Thank you. We'd be pleased to answer your questions.
Harrie Schippers: The $50 million increase in credit loss provision reflects the weaker economy. And weak economy under the new CECL accounting standards resulted in a more volatile number. So, with the weak economy, the calculation resulted in $50 million higher credit loss provision. If we look at the finance company, the portfolio is in really good shape. We have a very healthy mix of very good A and B customers. And past dues remain really low, currently less than 1%. So, finance company is in good shape. But the weak economy and the accounting standards drive most of that increase in credit loss reserve.
Harrie Schippers: Some more color on Europe. I think the market share growth to 16.7% for DAF has been in most markets, especially the UK. The UK, share in the first quarter grown to 35%. So, we’re really benefiting from the fact that we have an excellent factory in Leyland and are able to build our trucks for the UK, in the UK.
Harrie Schippers: Those used truck centers, one of the benefits that we have is that they predominantly sell to retail customers. And the margins we make when we sell a used truck to a diesel customer are significantly higher than selling them to wholesalers or other customers. So, those used truck centers really give us a very nice return on our investment there.
Harrie Schippers: And those support programs are in place, not only in the Netherlands, but also in Belgium and UK and qualifies to all those programs.
Harrie Schippers: So, you’re right. PACCAR has a very strong balance sheet with a $4.3 billion in cash, a strong A+/A1 credit rating and no manufacturing debt. And that is exactly how we like it. 
Harrie Schippers: And like Preston has said, the number one priority is the safety of our employees. And there might be some costs associated with that, but that's not the number one player.
Harrie Schippers: We talked about the past dues being really low. Most customers are in a good position to pay their bills on time. Finance company is doing well. We're financing a stable portion of the trucks that we sell and with all good well-dated customers that pay their bills.
Preston Feight: I'd tell you that the most important thing as we think about restart is, again I just keep reemphasizing this is the health of our employees, their families, our concern for getting it right, making sure we take care of them. That's number one, that's number two, and that's number three for us actually. And then, as we look about it we obviously want to make sure that we have alignment with the government agencies, that's really important to us, so that we are staying aligned with best practices for how we can reopen and restart society. It's also important that we think about our supply base and their readiness for the restart for our factories to make sure we stay aligned with them, and then of course our business needs. So, all those things together are where we're thinking about it. And we’re really pleased with the best practices that we put in place in the factories, as far as temperature checking for our employees, the distancing protocols, separation of the employees, the spacing and barriers and then wearing masks, personal protective equipment and enhanced cleaning. So, all those things are going into our approach for reopening the factories. It is going to be a gradual reopening. It's going to be done on a location by location basis in a phased manner. We already started some this week, factories, kind of in the start of the operations in Europe and in Australia. And then, we will work through the rest of our plants in the coming weeks and make sure we take care of the employees and bring the truck factories back up and running.
Preston Feight: That's a long window, and I feel pretty good about that. I think, we’re thinking it sooner, but we obviously don't have the final answers and we are working through that in a constructive way with the local agencies and supply base.
Preston Feight: Great question. It's a fun thing for our teams to be working through right now with our suppliers. We have such a good communication with them right now that it's really helpful to know when you can tell the relationships matter. We're paying attention to what they're doing and when their restart timings are. And large and small suppliers have been doing a really good job of keeping us informed of their readiness. And they are doing the same things we are. They are trying to take care of their employees; they're trying to make sure they stay in line with the governments; and then they're moving forward with restarts. And so, so far that's part of the whole puzzle we're putting together and getting the truck factories back up.
Preston Feight: Well, I think that as you mentioned, we had the $15 million that we took the opportunity to book for the improvement of our continuous refinement of our engines, our MX engine was a lot of that. We are doing some software and hardware upgrades on the engine. So, that's something that we want to do is make sure that our customers keep having the best experiences that come with our engines. And as far as what the future looks like, we're going to see how the pandemic works its way through the system. And that will certainly be something we're all watching closely. 
Preston Feight: Sure, glad to. So, the North American industry has roughly 3.8 months of retail sales in inventory. PACCAR has less than that. We have 3.4 months retail sales through March for Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers. And of our 3.4 months, roughly half of that is at bodybuilders. So, that's being worked on right now. And so, our inventory is in really good shape right now. 
Preston Feight: One of the things that's interesting and just kind of gives a little help I hope is that 75% of all goods are moved by trucks. And so, a lot of the trucking companies are really busy right now and they're moving around the country taking care of our communities. And as that's happening, those trucks end up consuming parts. So, there was a lot of strong activity in March and we still have going on in April. And we'll kind of watch how the quarter develops. But, we expect our Parts team to continue to perform really well. And they have great programs. And one of the things that's been nice to watch is their e-commerce programs and the way they're handling our customers and working directly with customers and dealers to support these critical needs is going really well.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that we’re -- your assessment of the impact of the product support fees does match into the margin. But, I would say that looking forward and what is going to be going forward, we're going to watch how the situation develops and when we get our factories running and what the state of the economy is in the second quarter.
Preston Feight: Well, we have the opportunity to optimize the performance of our trucks and engines, mostly on our MX engine for the 2017 to 2019 engines. And so, that was hardware and software upgrades. And this accrual we think we got that all covered and making sure that our customers have optimally performing trucks and engines, always part of our game plan.
Preston Feight: Well, I don't really have any comments on the case numbers. I know that -- what we're watching is a team that's got great programs and really strongly positioned to support with not just parts but knowledge, and they're doing a great job of that. And as I said, talking to a lot of customers and our dealers, there is a lot of activity still going out there and we'll support at the level it's needed.
Preston Feight: That's exactly right. I mean, we have a lower percentage of the inventory of used trucks in Europe than the industry does. And that puts us in good position.
Preston Feight: Sure, Ann. We can talk a little bit about that and that deliveries were 38,400 for the three-month period. But, as far as what we'll see going forward, like I said, I'd come back as -- our biggest focus right now is making sure that our employees are well cared for. And as we watch that and take care of that, then we'll ramp back up our production, align that to the demand and we'll see where that takes us in the second quarter.
Preston Feight: Sure, David. Good to talk with you. First off, you got to start by thinking that we did succeed in '08 and '09. And as we look at the Company right now, as we sit here in 2020, we're an even stronger company than we were there. We have $4.3 billion in cash sitting on our balance sheet. We have great liquidity. We have great access to liquidity in the market still that hasn't changed during this timeframe. Our parts business has grown over that more than a decade, and it's just a foundational part of our business, does a great job. And we have an experienced leadership team that has been through a lot of cycles. And we know how to manage things, we know how to control costs, and we have amazing trucks and engines out there. The MX engine is doing a great job and it's 43% of our builds. So, that's helpful to us from a Parts standpoint. Just the business that we've built is really strong and is doing a good job of taking care of our customers. And freight continues to move in this environment. So, we feel positive about our future and the product we have on the field and those that we're developing.
Preston Feight: Well, let's just take the last one, you mentioned the dividends. And we announced our dividends yesterday for the first quarter, $0.32 a share, which is a strong indicator of what we've done. We have a great history of dividends and we'll look forward to what our future is going to be and that's a Board decision and we take care of that as we progress through the year, based upon the results. I think that -- I don't think that it's a fair thing to think of it as an '08-'09 kind of a thing, they are just different. Each situation is unique. And what we've got is freight being moved, kind of giving you the kind of the -- the truth of the matter is the freight is being moved. Our Company is well-built. We have a great position in terms of our liquidity, our cash position, our product investments. Our trucks are the best in the world. And that feels pretty good.
Preston Feight: Sure. We have the stronger foundational parts market. We have the growth in our engine business, right, '08, '09 wasn't here in North America. So, that's good. I think, the other thing to think about the share growth over that timeframe has been significant. So, we've had really strong share growth over that time, which contributes extra volume to us. And PACCAR does a great job. Our team is so good at adjusting the business, both in capital and expense side to think about how the business should be run. And so, we really do adjust to market conditions.
Preston Feight: I think, as a general sense, it seems like by the next quarter gets through us, we’ll have a lot more information than we do today and we'll share with you what we can at that point.
Preston Feight: Well, I think, what I look at is first -- the first thing that comes to my mind is when we go to our factories, when I go to our factories, I meet with our people, whether it's in a distribution center or a truck factory or anywhere, it's just how impressive they are. And we have such an incredible group of people and they're just exceptional, they're just exceptional people. I'm so proud of them and what they're doing. So, they're the ones that are everyday thinking of new ways to optimize our efficiencies and effectiveness and they do it every day. And they continue in that vein. And we Six Sigma as a great tool for ourselves and optimizing and we'll continue doing that. This is accretive time for us as we look at truck production and how we come back. And we'll learn some new things and they’ll be helpful to improving the business and making us even more effective and efficient as we look forward.
Preston Feight: Sure. You did a good job of summarizing what's really going on as if you look at refrigerated carriers or protein haulers. They obviously have just seen a shift in where their business is going. So, those long-haul trucking companies that are delivering that are doing well. Vocational segment is where we're a market leader -- the market leader. And that business has been strong. And I mentioned that part of our inventory is at bodybuilders right now. So, that inventory is being built, being ready for production for a summer season. And I think, as you look at some of the over the road trucking companies, it varies by company. Talking with some of them, they have a good base of customers. And those that have a good base of customers, they're will really well positioned. And there, as you said, the energy sector has been lower but the yin to that yang is that fuel prices are down 20%. And if fuel prices are one third of the operating costs for a trucking company, then that's helping them from their operating models as well. So, that's kind of you -- you characterized it well. And that's a little bit more information on it.
Preston Feight: Sure. We have 18 distribution centers, we'll be adding two more that was down in Las Vegas facility a couple of weeks ago, new one, it's just beautiful. And I know the employees are excited to move in there as we're talking about it. I think, one of the things that's happening is there's always opportunity to gain share. And we continue to use those distribution centers and the best practices around them to gain share. For example, our distribution centers are more closely aligned to our dealer body, then we're able to deliver more overnight parts to our customers and keep their uptime at maximum levels, which is one of our key objectives. That gives us a competitive advantage against the market. So, that's part of the thinking. It’s not just about parts and storing, it's about getting them to the customers as quickly as possible, and that's been really successful for us and helping the parts team grow the business.
Preston Feight: So, you're right in saying it will continue to support the top line growth of the business. And yes, roughly 10%. There is some variation in the size of the PDCs, but they're roughly the right order, same orders of magnitude.
Preston Feight: Yes. We have a very diversified portfolio. It's not concentrated overly in the energy sector. So, the dealers that have -- there are some dealers that obviously have more exposure. But, our dealers are doing just such a great job of building their businesses that they have good absorption, good parts and service businesses throughout diversified customer bases, even for themselves. And so, dealer body is in really good shape and managing that well.
Preston Feight: Yes, sure. Good to talk to you, Jamie. I'd say from a customer standpoint, we do talk to a lot of our customers and the dealers and keep track of what's going on. And there is -- as we said before, some segments are doing well and some are experiencing moderate slowdowns. And that's to be expected in a situation with this much dynamic factoring going into it. But, it's got a good customer base and they do a good job managing their business. So, they're making the adjustments. And if there's some trucks that are not as fully utilized, that's true. But, I'm pretty impressed with how they talk about their business and their customer base. And again, they're an essential part of our economy and they will continue to move freight and are continuing to move freight. So, that's pretty important to keep perspective on. From a tech standpoint and R&D and CapEx alignment to that, when I look at that and say, you have some really neat programs going on and we're continuing on some of the exciting programs that we have within our portfolios, and some of those are R&D related. So, whether that's battery electric vehicles or work that we're doing, that work's going to continue. We're going to keep moving along and doing the critical things that are going to build a bright future for our Company and provide our customers the lowest operating cost possible. So, it's kind of a bit of a look at what's going on. 
Preston Feight: Well, I think, we have seen good market share gains, as we mentioned, the 30.4% in the U.S. and 16.7% in Europe and really strong 8.7% in Brazil; and in the medium duty side also good growth in both Europe and North America. So, that's been good. And as far as what order intake has been, I think the last month we have numbers for we had was March and we had 38% of the order intake in the month of March. We're in a good position.
Preston Feight: What I look at is, the PACCAR Financial team has done a really good job of building this used truck center network and we've seen even in the U.S. uptick in the recent time of more retail activity flowing through the used truck centers. And as we build like the one in Prague and expand our capabilities, that just creates an outlet for the strong customer demand for PACCAR products and the used market. And it gives them a good place to go to get a young truck that's going to serve their needs really well and they're happy to buy those trucks from us, because they know what they're getting. That helps values.
Preston Feight: Well, I’ll let you talk to the competitors and what they do that's irrational. But for us, what we see is steadiness in pricing. And I think there continues to be a strong desire to have the best trucks, which are Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF.
Preston Feight: Sure. As far as the protocols we're implementing, come back to the statement, because it's core to us. Our biggest focus right now is making sure that our employees are cared for and operating in healthy and safe environment. And so, those protocols, things like temperature testing, when they enter the facilities and making sure there's 6 feet between them or 1.5 meters in Europe that we have put up spacing and barriers, where we're building the trucks. The people are wearing masks that we're doing great cleaning and that we're comparing all of our practices that I just described to other industry leaders to make sure we have the best practices in place. Those will carry on as long as they need to make sure that our employees are healthy and protected. And they're involved in the process and want them to feel comfortable with their environments. And that's really important to us. And then, as far as the costs that we experienced. We’re -- Company is always thinking about capital costs and expense costs and looking for ways to reduce them. And our teams are fully focused on that. That's why you see the reduction in the CapEx spending plans that we outlined in our opening comments, and why we are looking at R&D reductions that we can take, just so that business is optimized and set up for this industry cycle.
Preston Feight: Yes. The difference is that we have furloughs from employees during the stopping point. And that's what we've done in North America and Europe. In the Netherlands, the good relationship with our unions there and with our employees there and with the government there, and they've been able to help us support people still working during the shutdown, the overhead side of the business. And that's great, because we're continuing to make progress in these practices to keep a healthy and safe environment, and even on the engineering side, they are continuing to work on new projects and processes that are aligned with government support programs.
Preston Feight: I think that -- I think this may hasten the move towards more and more e-commerce in the parts business. And our team has built a great system to make that available for the customers, for the dealers to work with, and we continue to use the e-commerce, MDI systems to help everybody have the right parts at the right places at the right time, so that we can make sure our customers’ uptime is optimized. There may be a little bit of a move towards that furthering. And that's good for PACCAR and good for our parts team.
Preston Feight: That's a good commentary you offered. I think it's a truth of the confluence of the pandemic and the low oil prices and the fact that customers continue -- our customers, trucking companies continue to deliver freight. And when they're delivering freight, they're putting miles on trucks. And so, that bodes well for us in the future because they're consumable and over time will need to replace them.
Preston Feight: And we've had good access to the markets, we do. We have great credit ratings and good access to the markets. And we've had no trouble in getting midterm notes and our issuances in the first quarter were $632 million. And we did an issuance in April for $400 million. And we've got really good position to support our financial services business.
Preston Feight: Sure. I think that the most significant factor is the team at PACCAR Parts has done a great job with -- alongside of our dealers with having the right kind of systems in place to support the customers. And so, they become a go to organization in these times. And they're doing a great job of meeting the demand there. And I think that there -- obviously, as the situation is dynamic, people were looking at that. And so, they want to make sure that part is on the shelf to take care of the customers. They've done that. And as we move forward, they're consuming those parts and they’ll reorder.
Preston Feight: I think that we always -- we think that in the market we're in we have sufficient capacity. And even bringing in these great best practices will have a sufficient capacity to build for our customers' needs.
Preston Feight: Yes. I think that through the month of April, our backlog actually improved and increased because we weren’t building trucks. And so, we do have good backlog through the second quarter and we'll watch how that carries on.
Preston Feight: We're working really close with all suppliers, have daily contact with them. And we have great strong supply base. We choose them for their strength and continue just alignment with them so that when we restart, they're ready to go, and align with us, being ready to go. So, there are daily conversations. There's nothing that seems unstable right now. It's just making sure they’ve put the best practices in, care for their people, which they want to do and align up with the government directives.
Preston Feight: Yes. That's interesting. We do have -- in North America all of our trucks are connected. So, the people that can work, trucks are connected. And we watch vehicle miles traveled and we watch utilization of the fleet. And while it's down just a little bit, it's also holding up pretty well and remains at high levels over the historical framework.
Preston Feight: We continue to work in alignment with the initial declarations, which is that trucking is an essential business and the parts supplies and essential business. So, that's one of the things that we work with and then the others to make sure that these best practices we put in for our employees are sufficient and are robust and protect them well. And those two things in alignment are what define our restart strategy.
Preston Feight: No, there's nothing that's that concrete. We take the temperatures of the employees we're going to or as they come back into the factories pre-production, make sure everybody is healthy when they come to work. That's good for everybody. And then, the teams are doing a really good job of just bringing in safety protocols that work with truck production. And that overlay has gone very well in our factories where we're starting up.
Preston Feight: It was relatively flat through the quarter. I mean, there were weeks and differences by weeks, but it was relatively flat through the first -- for each of the months.
Preston Feight: Happy to answer that question with you. So, I would say that is whether deferred or canceled, we have a great portfolio of projects. They all have good returns and provide values for our customers. And so with those projects, often what we're looking at right now is, can we do a phase now, can we postpone a phase to a later point. Very few of them will cancel. We just look at how well they can be done and how do we can more efficient in doing them. And as that lies into the EV movement or to autonomous vehicles or connected vehicles, those technologies really continue to be progressing into the truck industry in the coming years. PACCAR is going to continue to be a leader in offering EV vehicles to our customers and developing autonomous vehicles, leveraging partnerships and working with suppliers and doing in-house developments, so that we can have all of those ready when our customers want them. And we will continue to have that leadership position.
Preston Feight: Yes. I guess, I would just like to close by saying thank you to everybody for the calls. And again, just to recognize the outstanding people in our Company that are doing such a fantastic job and then also to recognize those people that are handling and managing and working with the COVID situation around the world. And our heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with them and we're all going to come through this stronger in the final analysis.
