Mark Pigott: Well, we commented in the opening statement gross margin was really driven primarily by some increased volume and better pricing, particularly as there’s been increased demand throughout the marketplace.
Mark Pigott: Yes, it's an $8,000 to $10,000 increase. We're starting to see slightly improved margins as the overall market is getting a little bit stronger. It's still a challenge for many of our customers to recognize that $8,000 to $10,000 price increase, but as the freight business improves, as their freight rates are increasing, as there's a little bit more business for our customers, they’re starting to see the benefits of it.
Mark Pigott: Yes. A number of our customers are increasing their pay somewhat, although there are still a fair number of potential candidates out there, particularly as the housing/construction market is at 50-year lows. But all these fleets want the best drivers that are available in the marketplace and using a Kenworth, Peterbilt or DAF product as an inducement to join their fleet is always a great idea and we encourage it.
Mark Pigott: We typically aren't breaking that out too much, but we shipped a comparable number between second and first quarter for the U.S. The first quarter, as you may recall, still has some carry over 2009 engines. The second quarter was really the customers adjusting to the 2010 pricing.
Mark Pigott: Not for us, it's not. Obviously, in Europe, it's the entire mix. But in North America, it's still probably more in the 20% range, but improving.
Mark Pigott: They’re at about five- or six-year lows, so our dealers are in great shape making strong profits as the Parts & Service business returns, used truck pricing is improving and they're in, very, very good shape financially.
Mark Pigott: That’s a great question. I’m glad you brought it up. As you've seen from the reports, DAF has really become one of the major leaders in the European market, Western and Central Europe, now over 16% market share; great product, great dealers and really a terrific company. So as we are more comfortable with the strengths of what's going on in Europe, we're taking a look at South America. And we've sold in South America particularly with our Kenworth brand for many decades, but in America Sur region, which is most of the product being sold in South America, we've only sold in very limited numbers. So recently in the last few years as we evaluate growth opportunities, that seems to be a very strong candidate. Most likely, we'll take a manufacturing facility in order to meet local content regulations and also to qualify for some of the national finance programs that are available to customers in Brazil and Argentina. And as you've heard from many of our competitors, they seem to be gaining most of their profitability from the strong South American market. We compete against these same competitors around the world and do very well. So I think over time, we should have a very strong, profitable and growing presence in South America.
Mark Pigott: They usually take a couple of years to get up and running and in place, but we will see what happens.
Mark Pigott: Well, we track all of the major commodities around the world and obviously, now things have slowed. We have very good relations with all of our suppliers, dealing with commodity pricing. We have long-term agreements with them that hopefully will minimize the impact of the pricing swings. So at this time, minimal impact, but you can never tell as the world may go on a different tangent.
Mark Pigott: Sure. Europe started out slow for the whole industry in the first quarter. The second quarter definitely gained some momentum. As I said, it's up 17% second quarter to first. And orders continue to be good. Obviously, some countries are stronger than others. Some of the southern countries, Spain and Italy, are still challenged, but a little more confidence among our customers. Our dealers, once again, are in very good shape in Europe as they are in North America. So they're continuing to invest and add new service facilities, which help to grow our business. And I think as I shared with you, our DAF production is up about 25%. Some of that is obviously gaining market share as people really enjoy the DAF product. And I think the European market is steadily improving, but even with that, we're looking for the number of registrations this year to be comparable, maybe a little bit more than last year, but 2011 could be better again.
Mark Pigott: Well, we are now number one in Europe in the On-highway Tractor segment, so that's the vehicles that you see up and down the motorways. That's been a very excellent result and a very long process of developing the right product for our customers. A growth opportunity for us is continuing to grow in the Off-highway or Construction segment. That tends to be a little bit more regionalized. Certainly the biggest market would be Germany and I think we still have a few competitors in Germany that seem to have a strong presence there. But overall, Northern Europe, DAF is doing well in every country. If we're not number one, most likely we're number two. So we see continued growth opportunities as we add more service facilities. We continue to invest in new products. We've got Euro 6 coming up in 2013. It’s going to be another exciting inflection point for our industry. So just good, steady progress. Excellent team.
Mark Pigott: No. It's a good question. I mean, obviously, we touched on this a little bit with some of the commodity pricing, which is still very variable around the world, depending on major macro influences. But I would just say on the margin -- and we have to take a look at a 20-year horizon. When you look at that, the U.S. and Canadian and European truck markets are still down at those 20-year lows. So the volumes overall for the entire industry are improving, but they're still at a very low level. And I think in order to get solid margin enhancement, we need to get back to not the heyday of 2006, but certainly '04, '05 and maybe even 2007. So that's going to have a big influence on the margin growth.
Mark Pigott: Well, as the market improves, we're looking for further growth. Obviously, the template that we've designed the MX engine on is based on the success of the engine in the DAF product. And as you know, we're standard and essentially exclusive with our own product, as many of the other competitors are. But it’s going to take some time to ramp up. We certainly will be expecting to get well over half our products. We'll have our engine as we continue to grow our business, but that's what going to take some time. The other element that was not really addressed is that we're seeing some real success in selling our powertrain around the world to independent manufacturers. And that still small numbers but starting to gather some traction.
Mark Pigott: I think the competition levels are comparable to what we've seen historically. Banks are always going to be there and offering competitive rates and we try to show we're the best in terms of providing the service to support the customers long term. In terms of penetration, we were at 25% for the first half, consistent with where we've been historically.
Mark Pigott: Well, taking a look at Europe, which is a little bit behind, a little bit ahead depending on how you look at the markets and the economic cycle, our dealer inventory for DAF products is probably half of what it was a year ago. So they're in great shape and we are seeing an increase in production. And as I mentioned, DAF production is up about 25% year-on-year, so that's significant and we expect that will run out at that same rate during the rest of the year, recognizing we do have a normally scheduled two-week summer shutdown that will affect DAF production. And in North America, once again, the dealer new truck inventory is five- to six-year lows, so they're in great shape. And Kenworth and Peterbilt production will improve. It had a good first quarter. Things slowed down the second quarter and we look for some improvement on the second half.
Mark Pigott: You bet. Breaking out, let's call it Central, Eastern Europe versus Western Europe, it's kind of interesting because year-on-year, that's the first six months, Central, Eastern Europe is up about 20%; Western Europe -- these are registrations I'm talking about, 15-ton higher -- Western Europe is down about 20% for the first six months. So you blend those together and they’re down about 17%. So Eastern Europe, even though there's plenty of challenges and you see those in the paper, those economies are still chugging along and people are interested in doing business there. They typically have low corporate tax rates. They have attractive business programs to invite new businesses to settle into their countries. So we're seeing some growth, but Central Europe total market is about 12%, 14% of the Western European market, so it's still a lot smaller.
Mark Pigott: Well, as we've been doing this for a long time, as we progress through the year, obviously, we got a little bit smarter on what the total market is doing. But looking at Europe first, we have a range of 160 to 170. That's strictly a range. Things can happen that will have an effect on that, but looking at the order input for the entire industry, and obviously, what we're getting at DAF and any of changes in market share between the competitors, it seemed to be probably close to 170,000, which is, as I mentioned earlier, comparable to last year, which is 168,000. 2011 could be better market if some of the momentum continues. In North America, we have a range of 110,000 to 130,000 units, which is up from 108,000. In fact, if you went to 130,000, it's up about roughly 20%. So we're seeing that in terms of the incoming order rate. Hopefully that's the first step in the trend to get back to the replacement demand, which we calculate is about 225,000 to 250,000 units for the U.S. and Canadian market.
Mark Pigott: Six months ago, we're talking about the euro dollar exchange rate. There were a lot of people thinking, well, it's going to go 150, 160. Three months ago, they’re talking about one to one. Now they’re saying, well, it’s 130. I mean, a lot of things can still unravel in Europe that many economists can't even foresee. So we just give a range.
Mark Pigott: So overall past dues for the Financial Services segment were flat with slightly higher in U.S. and Canada and Europe and offset by a reduction in our Mexican and Australian portfolios. We do continue to see gradual improvement in the portfolio and customers are continuing to work through the rehabilitation process, if you will.
Mark Pigott: We'd be looking at a full line. Primarily, it's the DAF product. Most of South America prefers the cabover version and we're very pleased that we have the global leader in cabovers with the DAF, LF, CF and XF. In terms of the powertrain, that's a very important part of growing in South America. We have some very good suppliers there that can furnish us with componentry. And some of the product may come from Mississippi or may come from Eindhoven, just depending on what makes the best economical sense. Very exciting opportunity for us over time.
Mark Pigott: No. It's just markets perhaps getting a little bit stronger. If people want the MX, we are happy to provide it.
Mark Pigott: That’s a great question. I just want to say that, that program for the industry was very well thought out and very well instituted and really achieved its target of maintaining a reasonable level of employment, of giving some assurance and hope to many workers and many industries and also basically allowing companies to do some forward planning. That was a really excellent program. The program, the part-time unemployment has now expired in the Netherlands, but it continues in Belgium and in other countries. The good news is the markets are starting to improve and we're able to start hiring back some of our employees. So I think the programs were excellent for their time and now they’ll just be gradually phased out.
Mark Pigott: I think there is many consistent themes in our industry as I'm entering my 33 year. One is PACCAR will produce the highest quality products in the industry. Second, most of our competitors will sell one thing -- cheap pricing. I think that's all I can really comment.
Mark Pigott: Yes. We're the leader, continue to be the leader and there's always somebody that will say something, but let's let the market decide.
Mark Pigott: We've done plenty of testing. You know that and you've been here. We’re the leaders in testing. 50 million miles for our engine. We test extensively. We have a very sophisticated testing. But at the end of the day, let's just let the customers decide. As I go to these used truck auctions and that would be probably fun for you to do sometime because you can really see the real world there and the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAFs are getting 20% to 25% more for a comparable aged, spec’d vehicle. That's what's defining our product worth.
Mark Pigott: Well, actually, we’re in both areas. We've been in China for 100 years. So we certainly know that market. It's a huge market, as you're aware. It's got some different kinds of challenges in terms of the ownership capability for Western companies. There's still been no certifiable Western truck manufacturer that's ever made any money in China in a partnership. Now that's a challenge. But we are pleased after four years in a row, the PACCAR engine has been named the diesel bus Engine of the Year in China. We're selling a lot of our product in China. Brazil, America Sur, South America is a market, once again, that we've been in for over 50 years. We're the market share leader in a number of the countries. Columbia comes to mind. And it's a market that is in a slightly different place in terms of its evolution of owner operators, medium- and large-sized fleets. There still seems to be the opportunity to gain significant gross margins on vehicle sales, as you've seen over your years of covering the industry. Any of our competitors that are in South America, particularly Brazil, which is the largest market in South America, seemed to gain an inordinate amount of their net income from those markets when it's going well. We're a leader in every market we’re in and we think the product will be very well accepted. And we're looking forward to growing in South America.
Mark Pigott: I don't think anybody knows exactly how many parked trucks. I think the best comment would be there's a lot less than there was a year ago and many of our customers have no truck parked.
Mark Pigott: I don't think there's any shifting down. The 13-liter is the preferred engine throughout the world. And I think there’s just a growing realization of the benefits of the 13-liter in terms of fuel economy, light weight, ease of maintenance and certainly, it will deliver comparable torque and horsepower. No, I think it’s just people coming to grips that the U.S. and Canadian market really cannot be an island in the global truck world, recognizing that this is what the vast majority of people use for power in their vehicles worldwide.
Mark Pigott: No, I think the main impact was that we made the shift to 2010 engines, as we always make the shift to new technology faster than any of our competitors, and thus, there was a price differential as we were passing along the 2010 pricing versus the old 2009 pricing.
Mark Pigott: Yes, the asset base is getting a little bit smaller. The good news is that probably getting close to the bottom, and as our customers see improved business and start purchasing more, that we'll see Finance Company assets growing and our total Finance Company will grow.
Mark Pigott: No, the margins for parts and service was pretty comparable to what we've seen before. Parts business is improving as we mentioned, as more customers are fixing up their trucks and they're seeing some freight growth and taking trucks off the parked status. But margins for parts is comparable to what we've seen.
Mark Pigott: Our two primary markets would be Mexico where we are celebrating our 51st year and we're also celebrating probably over 50% market share. So that's going well. Australia is also a very strong market. We're the market leader there and Australia did a very good job of navigating the difficult economic times over the last few years and seems to be in a pretty steady recovery area.
Mark Pigott: Well, we do have great products and I appreciate your support of that. Of course, Kenworth, the T700 is really doing well. Peterbilt's got some exciting new products themselves. We continue to be recognized by many of the industry groups, such as the American Truck Dealers as the Peterbilt 384. Right now, when you look at the U.S. and Canadian market, whether it's 110,000, 120,000 units, it's still at about a 20-year low. So it's still at the bottom now. It's improving, so that's the good news. Our share will improve over time, but there's a number of competitors that still are actively selling engines that were built last year. There's certainly a price differential on that. So this year is certainly a year of flux as customers are working their way between what engine do they buy, how is the economy generally recovering. But then you've got the countervailing concerns about housing build, 50-year low, car production, 20-year low. I mean, these are major drivers for freight movement in our country and also have a big effect on what our customers see. So 2010 is certainly a better year than 2009, but it's still a very challenging year.
Mark Pigott: Great question. In Europe, I think the share will be sort of comparable to what we have now. There's certainly a range that will fluctuate in between. We continue to add service points and the customers love the DAF product. Our share in Europe is lower than it is in the U.S. and Canada. So there's still some opportunity. But there's also different dynamics. There's a little different economic headwinds you run into in Europe. Every country has a slightly different challenge and different opportunity. Also a number of our competitors in Europe are not present in North America and some of those competitors have their own unique challenges. So it's a different market.
Mark Pigott: I think the improvement in pricing we're seeing in most of our markets is just early days coming out of a very tough recession and still in a challenging year. So I think I’m proud of the team for getting improved margins, but it's going to take a number of more successful quarters and a much stronger economy in Europe and in North America to continue to get margin enhancement.
Mark Pigott: No, there's definitely some lagging areas. Anything to do with construction, the commercial or residential or let's call it manufacturing, are down. Whether it's a five-year, 10-year, 20-year or 50-year low, they're down. Now some of the retail main street may be seeing some improvements although a number of the big chains are pretty flat year-on-year. So there's definitely some unevenness, as we've said in our press release.
Mark Pigott: There is some and it would take most of the day to go through it all. But certain of our customers focus on different segments. Some are doing very well. You've seen many of the financial reports from the publicly-traded truckload carriers. Some of them are seeing some good improvement. Others are maybe struggling a little bit more because the segment that they're focused on hasn't recovered too much of an extent. And some of the customers have a, let's call it a mix of customer base, and so their results may be a little bit more on the flat end. But all in all, the good news is freight has improved. It's still about 10 points lower than it was at its peak two years ago. Diesel fuel is relatively stable. Freight rates, as some of our customers are starting to see a little bit of improvement in freight rates. But a lot of the customers are still holding on to their older equipment because they just want to see does this "recovery" really have any legs or will next month bring some other challenge.
Mark Pigott: It's a very straightforward strategy, one we've had for 105 years. And that is, if you want our product, we will build it for you in a very reasonable amount of time. We have a lot of flexibility in our factory. We have the most efficient and productive truck manufacturing factories in the world. And so as volume increases and we get more orders, we'll increase our production.
Mark Pigott: I think there is good fleet capacity. Our dealers, that's not an issue for our dealers and our customers seem to be in good shape and if they need more capacity, they are purchasing trucks and the good news is DAF production is up about 25% year-on-year.
Mark Pigott: Well, they're purchasing more trucks than they did a year ago. Of course, a year ago was in the middle of a very tough recession. So I think we are in good shape.
Mark Pigott: Maybe those are people who are actually not building trucks for a living so they're just forecasting. I can't really comment on that. We've got a great supply chain. Obviously, it's been through a tough couple of years with the recession. Once again, the good news, and this doesn't get a lot of press, is that PACCAR's really the only OEM that continues to invest in our suppliers, particularly on capacity and quality enhancement where we will put in multi-million dollar machinery to improve our suppliers. So our suppliers are in good shape and they relish the opportunity to produce more.
Mark Pigott: Well, we continue to work with the EPA and all the relevant environmental groups around the world. I think whatever changes are promulgated, we've had an opportunity to have some input to them and we will be a leader on meeting them. And as you know, everybody in the world, all major competitors, have aligned themselves on one environmental strategy and practice. So I think we're in good shape.
Mark Pigott: Yes we are. Used trucks are having good improvement and we look forward to that improvement continuing through the year and into next year, particularly as the market ramps up and people need trucks to haul their increased freight. So the good news is that all of our trucks, Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF are still getting a 20% to 25% residual value greater than any other competitors.
Mark Pigott: That is correct. Yes. We got a lot of exciting projects we're working on and we are ramping up on them.
Thomas Plimpton: That impact on earnings for the quarter was fairly modest. It was about $4 million and most of that came from in the Australian dollar. And the impact in the first half is about $14 million. A lot of that was in the first quarter and had to do again with the Australian and Canadian dollar movements.
Thomas Plimpton: I think we were down $400 million to $500 million in the quarter. Part of that was currency and part of that’s just lower level of truck sales that we continue to see in the markets.
Thomas Plimpton: We've made significant strides in reducing our level of used equipment and we’re down to between 1,500 and 2,000 units.
Thomas Plimpton: For the quarter, the aftermarket parts margin was 33.8%, which compares to 32.5% in the prior year's quarter…And then 33.7% for the six months and it's 33.8% for the six months last year, so it's comparable.
Thomas Plimpton: Yes, I think that is true. The late-model used vehicles have seen better appreciation because there is a lot of good miles left in those trucks and good demand for those.
