Ronald Armstrong: Total deliveries are up 2% to 3%, so the higher average build rates in North America as well as in Australia, Mexico and Brazil are then offset by the seasonal summer shutdown in Europe.
Ronald Armstrong: At this point, assuming the economy continues to tick along and we feel good about our build rates and maintaining those through the rest of this year.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think in the second quarter, the values in Europe were very stable and in the U.S., down just slightly but very comparable to first quarter levels. And the amount of the used truck results in the second quarter were about $4 million better than the first quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: So I think we talked earlier about a range of 14% to 14.5%. I think we'll be closer to the upper end of that range for the full year. And when it comes to demand, I think it's pretty broad-based whether you look at vocational, you look at on-highway, you look at fleet, both small, mid and large. I think it's a good cross-section. We've seen all the segments go up as we progress through the course of the year.
Ronald Armstrong: The primary thing impacting is currency movements, primarily the impact of the pound versus the euro and the peso versus the dollar. If you adjust for those, then they're very comparable.
Ronald Armstrong: No. We have not seen any impacts as a result of supplier disruptions at all. Suppliers are doing great.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, the team has done a great job of building the business. And as we have progressed through the course of this year, we're going to take an additional build rate increase during the third quarter to support the increasing demand. The product is doing just extremely well in the market. Our dealers are continuing to invest and build their businesses in spite of a very difficult economy and difficult truck market. We feel like the investments that we made will provide an excellent long term return for shareholders. So we've been able to grow our share from 0% up to 5-plus percent in the above 40 tonne segment of that market. So I think that pace of growth will continue to be an opportunity for our DAF business there as we progress through the next 2, 3, 4, 5 years. So hopefully we could double that position in that timeframe.
Ronald Armstrong: No. I think it's -- the more engines, I think, we're up to about 140,000 PACCAR MX engines in the park as we sit here today. And so we'll continue to increment that as we progress, so it's progressing all the time. It's probably the single biggest growth there for the Parts division in terms of the various segments of their Parts business.
Ronald Armstrong: We usually don't think about it as a percent of revenue, we think about it in terms of absolute dollars and how much we're investing to support what we see as our strategic direction for the next 4, 5 years. And I think what you'll see is maybe a steady, slight increase year-on-year as we continue to invest in the many things that we talked about with driver -- advanced driver assistance systems, vehicle connectivity, continuing to build on the efficiency of our powertrain, adding powertrain options for our customers. So I think it will be pretty steady with a slight increase over time.
Ronald Armstrong: So this is a 20,000-pound front axle and it's primarily for heavier vehicle applications. And so we'll start production, initial production in the third quarter and we'll see that ramp up over a 12-month period. And at full production, it could be up to 20% of the axles that we put in our Class 8 vehicles.
Ronald Armstrong: Well, I think we've -- we're probably selling a few more trucks than we're taking in, in the first half of this year. We'll probably see that continue a little bit in the second half. And then things, in terms of volumes, will get sort of balanced as we start next year in terms of what we're selling versus what's coming in.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, it really just depends. The key thing is the used truck valuations in the market and so we'll see how that moves. But part of the positive thing for PACCAR Financial, particularly in the U.S., that beginning next year, pretty much all the returns that will be coming off lease will be the 2.1-meter model truck compared to the legacy 1.9 meter. So that gives us some upside on the used truck valuations going forward as well.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. It wasn't much of a factor in the results for the quarter. There are some upward pressures but we have long term agreements and those impacts tend to get spread over time and managed through. And so that wasn't a significant impact. The key impact of margins for the quarter primarily was the currency impacts I referenced earlier.
Ronald Armstrong: Let me see if I can. So Europe would be down about 10% because of the summer shutdown period. And conversely, North America is probably up about 10%.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes. Our order intake has trended upward during the course of the year compared to if you look back to the latter parts of last year and we continue to see on-highway truck orders build quarter-on quarter.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, for sure. It's been a good order inflow in terms of the mix. Both of them have gone up and probably on-highway a little bit faster from an order standpoint than vocation.
Ronald Armstrong: So the accounting rule, Mike has put that up in operating and the financing that we do for that is down in the investing section.
Ronald Armstrong: So we have a bit of a natural hedge with respect to the translation of our euro-based financial statements and we have euro-sourced components in the U.S. that we get the benefit of. So as the currency weakens and as it strengthens, we'll have more revenues and profits from DAF but that will be offset by some reduction then in the purchase cost for the components coming out of Europe. But it's a nice natural hedge that doesn't fully offset but it does offset [indiscernible].
Ronald Armstrong: We have great partners both in Europe with ZF and Eaton here in North America. We work very closely with them to have integrated customized solutions for our powertrains. And so we expect that to continue for the foreseeable future.
Ronald Armstrong: Yes, I think the market is good. We feel good about where it's at. Obviously, if you look back at 2015, 278,000 truck market compared to 215,000 or so this year. That demand -- supply/demand equation does provide some opportunities for pricing and so that could be in the future.
Ronald Armstrong: That is a multifaceted question but a good question. So as we think forward, we're talking with a lot of suppliers who are very interested in partnering with us for a variety of technology paths that we may take. And so I'd say we're currently in that assessment phase of evaluating the best path for our company. And so part of opening this office is getting greater, more immediate access to the technologies and the technology development so that we can be better informed and make better decisions. And I think we'll start with this office in a relatively small way but I think it will probably grow as time goes on. And all those things will be parts of the areas of study that are done in this office. And we'll stay very close to those developments and continue to formulate the specifics of our strategy as we go through the next year or two.
Ronald Armstrong: No, I think the advanced driver assistance systems, those continue to progress. The camera technology, radar, lidar, all those technologies are developing pretty quickly. So I think they'll be the technology to support autonomy but how quickly will it actually happen in reality and for the next decades, you're going to have a majority of nonautonomous trucks on the streets. So it's going to be a transition and I'd say, a relatively gradual transition over time. So I think there will be progress in that area for sure. Batteries is just the size. There has to be a breakthrough in battery technology for there to be a economic -- economically viable solution for heavy-duty trucks. So again, we'll be very close to those developments. And as they occur, we work with a lot of potential partners in that arena now and we'll continue to stay close to that.
Ronald Armstrong: We typically don't talk that extensively about backlog. I'll just tell you that they're very solid and in good shape. The backlog position has maintained sort of that strong position throughout the year and we've been able to increase the build rates in all of our markets as a result of that. So we're -- we feel good about the current build rate plans for the quarter -- for the next quarter and hopefully progressing through the rest of the year.
Ronald Armstrong: I think we're starting to see some. I wouldn't call it a notable amount, but there are some orders in the backlog for 2018 currently. But I think the discussion level about 2018 with, obviously, many of our larger customers, those discussions are starting to occur.
Ronald Armstrong: No, no notable impact. The MX-11 is doing very well. The MX-11 was launched in Europe the fourth quarter of 2013 and we launched it here the beginning of 2016. And the engine has performed very well in both markets. And we're excited about the prospects for getting a greater penetration of that engine with our customers going forward.
Ronald Armstrong: This year, based on how we've produced medium duty trucks for the first half and our planned build rates for the second half, this could be a record medium duty production year for PACCAR. I think part of that is continued strong -- relatively strong market conditions, probably 50,000 to 55,000 trucks in Europe in the 6- to 16-tonne and in the class 6, 7 market, probably in the 80,000 to 90,000 truck range. And the Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF products are very well received in the markets and share positions are good. So like I said, this could be a record medium duty production year for PACCAR.
Ronald Armstrong: So for the full year, we expect the global parts sales to be up in the range of 5% to 7% for the year.
Ronald Armstrong: Our used truck position is, I guess, I would characterize very normal. And I would say there probably still in the industry, there probably still are excessive trucks from some of the competitor mix. But -- so we feel good about our ability to manage our inventory in the near and midterm.
