Mark Pigott: Good morning. PACCAR today reported improved revenues and net income for the first quarter of 2010. PACCAR’s first quarter sales and financial services revenue were $2.2 billion compared to $1.99 billion in the first quarter last year. Net income was $68 million compared to $26 million a year ago. PACCAR’s financial results reflect the benefits of higher truck deliveries in North America and an improvement in aftermarket part sales and financial services worldwide. PACCAR results for the first quarter benefited from a small pre-buy in the US and Canadian markets as customers took delivery of new vehicles with pre-EPA 2010 engines. As I have mentioned in previous calls, I am very proud of our 15,000 employees who have delivered outstanding performance to our shareholders and customers in a very challenging recession. PACCAR’s strong balance sheet and positive cash flow have enabled the company to continuously reinvest in the business, enhance operating efficiency, and introduce new products such as the PACCAR MX engine, which will be installed in Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks this summer. And on a personal note, I appreciate that many analysts on this call were able to view our many new products at the Mid-America Truck Show last month. I am pleased to share with you that we received over 1,500 orders for MX engines to be installed in Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks. We expect PACCAR’s build rate in the second quarter to be comparable to the first quarter. DAF production may increase slightly, while Kenworth and Peterbilt production will be lower as the North American truck industry adjusts to the new more expensive EPA 2010 engines. PACCAR Financial Services revenue was $246 million in the first quarter compared to $255 million a year ago. PACCAR Financial’s first quarter pretax income was $28 million compared to $15 million earned in Q1 2009, primarily due to better financed margins and a reduction in the provision for credit losses. The credit loss provision for the first quarter of 2010 was $21.7 million compared to $25 million in 2009. Just as a reminder, there was an $11 million reduction in finance margin in the first quarter of 2009, due to the adjustment from mark-to-market effects on derivative contracts. Other news in the market, used truck values in North America have increased by approximately $2,500 per vehicle for one-to-two year-old trucks, especially Kenworth and Peterbilt. PACCAR’s conservative approach to business complemented by an AA minus credit rating enables PACCAR Financial to offer competitive financing to Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers and customers around the world. As you are aware, some of our competitors have exited the finance business or formed financing partnerships due to their weakening market positions. PACCAR Financial on the other hand has excellent access to the medium term note markets. In March of this year, PACCAR Financial sold a three-year $300 million floating rate note with an equivalent fixed rate of 2.17%. More good news, PACCAR’s quarterly aftermarket parts revenue of $505 million was the highest since the fourth quarter of 2008, as our dealers have more customers increasing their service business. Reviewing our dealers and customers, our 1,900 Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF dealer locations are leading the commercial vehicle industry in customer service, and many of our customers are benefiting from reasonable diesel prices, low driver turnover, and year-on-year increases in freight tonnage, even though freight rates continue to be low. Looking at the truck markets around the world, we expect a 15-ton plus market in Europe to be between 150,000 to 180,000 units this year comparable to the 168,000 in 2009. Some of you may know that DAF is currently the Number 2 truck manufacturer in Europe with over 16% profitable market share. Let’s see how that goes as the year progresses. US and Canadian industry retail truck sales are estimated to improve to the range of 110,000 to 140,000 units this year compared to 108,000 last year. As you know, the industry US and Canada received about 20,000 orders in the first quarter, so it ought to be a slightly stronger second half. PACCAR’s investment of $3.8 billion in the last decade has enabled the company to enhance its operating efficiency, develop new products, strengthen its dealer network, become an industry leader in information technology, and deliver shareholder equity of over $5 billion. Even with of that, there continues to be many challenges facing the transportation industry worldwide, impacted by high unemployment and low home construction and car production. The good news is that PACCAR’s balanced approach in all phases of the business cycle positioned us to generate improving results as the global economy recovers. Thank you and we look forward to your questions.
Mark Pigott: Well, Europe, you know is just having lots of different types of challenges, whether it’s some issues in Greece or just a simple thing like the volcano on Iceland or there is lots of ongoing economic challenges, particularly in southern Europe. And there might be some increase in freight rates at this time, but you know, we look at car production to be down throughout Europe this year, which has an impact on the amount of freight being hauled around Europe. So, I think it’s just going to continue to sort of be a market very similar to last year in terms of truck orders.
Mark Pigott: Yes, I think, Henry, it’s a good point. You know, we look at the typical cycle and we have all been through many, many cycles in our careers. I usually see about a three-step process. One, is to see some improvement in the parts and services, customers go back to the dealerships to, you know, repair their existing vehicles. And as freight increases, you see some increased demand in values on used trucks and we are starting to see that, which is positive. And then finally, as used truck values increased to a point where customers are saying, you know, there may be some advantages to buying a new truck and there is enough freight to justify that, you see the new truck orders start to tick in. So, it’s really, you know, a pretty normal three-step process. We have seen it for decades, and right now, we are seeing our customers having a little better freight, which means, we are now taking the vehicles in to get the maintenance done, which is improving parts sales. I mentioned in my comments that used truck values have gone up about $2,500 per vehicle over the last year or two, particularly for late model vehicles, we still have ways to go on that. And then, you know, sometime in the medium-term future, we hope to see new truck orders improving. The general economy is still, there are a lot of challenges out there.
Mark Pigott: You know, I think what we laid out in the comments in the press release is that we look forward to be comparable to the first quarter. US and Canada, you know, for our Peterbilt and Kenworth groups, it’s slower as we essentially have gone through all the ’09 engines and customers are adapting and starting to understand that there is a $8,000 to $10,000 price impact on buying a new vehicle. That’s slowed things down, and I think it will continue to be slow for the second quarter. In Europe, our dealers are in good shape. They have low new truck inventory compared to a year or so ago. So, they are now looking to purchase some stock units, and we are seeing some improvement in market share with DAF. So, that’s translating to a little bit more production at our DAF company.
Mark Pigott: Yes, for DAF, as I said, because our dealers new truck inventory has been brought down to pretty much couple of year low levels, so they are in very good shape. We expect some improvement in year-on-year production at DAF and first quarter was comparable to a year ago, but we are starting to gather some momentum now. So, we think we will be maybe 10% up for the year.
Mark Pigott: That’s a great question. I think, well it’s by country-by-country. I think the Netherlands program, which obviously has a major impact on our facility in Eindhoven will expire at the end of June, and as you probably know, there is going to be a new government in place in the Netherlands. So, I think with some of the economic challenges and the new government, it’s unlikely that the part-time unemployment will be extended. In Belgium, it has a longer duration to run, and other countries, we really don’t have any manufacturing undertaking in slightly different approach. So, based on an excellent program, I complement the governments and agencies involved with it, came at a critical time for the industry and I think it has served its purpose.
Mark Pigott: I think the margins were up slightly on trucks in North America. Yes, of course you are now seeing the increase in commodity prices around the world, which will have an effect on any manufacturer that makes anything if you see, copper and others really start to increase after some lows in last year. So, it’s ongoing challenges, but our team is doing a great job in managing through the cost elements. On the engines and transition in Q1 and Q2, you know, for most of the industry, the vast majority of the engines and trucks built in Q1 in US and Canada were pre-2010 engines. That’s the same with us. PACCAR as we have done in every other engine transition, we adopt a new technology, we are the leader on that. So, we will have a minority of engines in Q2 being the, let’s call it, pre-2010 engines. And we are going to be putting in more of their Cummins 2010 engines. And maybe even a few PACCAR engines.
Mark Pigott: I think we have seen, you know, gradual improvement over the last year in terms of past dues and credit losses, and I think that has proved that gradual improvement is what we see as we go forward. You know, there is still a difficult operating environment and I think we will see that gradual improvement as we move forward.
Mark Pigott: I think productivity will have an important element of that. They say we are pretty much the first in the industry to have the majority of our vehicles now being equipped with 2010 engines, and you know, frankly customers appreciative of some of the benefits of the new engine, but there is a real world price hurdle that they have to get used to. They will, they are very flexible and proactive customer base. It seems that every three to four years, we are about 20 years. So, they understand how it works, but you know, for the interim, let’s say for this year, it will probably have some impact on some of the margins and then you throw in the commodity price increases and that’s just business. That’s what we do every day.
Mark Pigott: Okay, that is a fantastic question. Well, first of all, on the freight, it’s up about 10% from its low, but it’s still down about 10% year-on-year. So, we have to get the general economy going, and I am not talking about the financial sector, which is the basic blocking and tackling of people making things in this country to get freight really going again. There is some improvement, and I think over the course of the year, we hope to see more of that. Obviously the housing industry is a big factor in terms of freight movement and that’s still a 50-year low on home construction. So, that’s going to take a couple of years to come back. So, I am not sure what the normal cycle recovery is out of worst recession 50 years, but there is some positive signs to say, used trucks are looking good. Our suppliers are really in good shape. We have an excellent collaborative partnership. We train our suppliers in Six Sigma, we are one of the few companies in the industry that actually will purchase major capital pieces of equipment and install them in our suppliers to help them improve quality and improve capacity and reduce their costs. We retain ownership on this piece of equipment, but so suppliers overall are in very good shape and our team has done a fantastic job around the world. So, the good thing is when suppliers have ideas and have many great ideas, PACCAR is the first place they call, because it truly is a partnership. We want our suppliers to make money, and I am not sure others, other manufacturers are of that same mind. So, it will recover and PACCAR is in good shape to take advantage of it when it does.
Mark Pigott: Sure. I think particularly our Kenworth team have done a very good job on being one of the leaders in terms of supplying alternate fuel vehicles down in the port of LA, Long Beach, and I think right now, it’s a little bit confused by what the federal authority say is possible versus what the state authority say versus what the local authority say, and then unfortunately you have got the trucker caught in the middle. The good news is we have got a product that people like that is – that’s endorsed by the major ports, but there’s still some sort of interdepartmental agency discussions that need to be settled out. We are not involved with that, that really at a political level. So, the size, you know, the size is a little bit variable and it will be interesting to see what happens when the Panama Canal is enlarged and more freight is brought to the East Coast and what effect that’s going to have on the ports of the West Coast. So, there’s a few interesting variables going on, but we are in good shape. When they do figure it out, and we got the product the customers seem to want.
Mark Pigott: You know, the operating margin, we always pride ourselves in delivering a good margin. As you know, we even made money last year when most of the industry did not, but the volumes are a third of what they were when things were really strong, and that does have an impact on your operating efficiency. Even with that, we continue to be more efficient in our factories and quality continues to improve and we won the JD Power Awards, which we are very proud of, but to tell you, you know, get your volume up to probably 60%, 70%, 80% of what we were when things were really strong, overall it’s going to have an impact on your margins.
Mark Pigott: Yes, exactly. It’s that simple. I mean, we are getting good margins on the volume we have now, but you know, you have to go back a decade to find comparable volumes. So, we made a lot of improvement on the operating efficiency within the factory and so it’s fantastic.
Mark Pigott: Okay, the answer is yes. Europe is seeing improvement in their parts business, which is very good. As I say, the dealers, the DAF dealers throughout Europe are in good shape, and they are starting to see customers coming into the shops for normal maintenance. And the same is true with the Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers throughout North America. So, the parts business is, you know, starting to improve.
Mark Pigott: And on the past due side, past dues at March 31 are comparable to the December 31 levels, where the slight improvement in US and Canada offset by a slight and higher percentages in our other markets. So, overall 4% at March 31 versus 3.8% at December 31.
Mark Pigott: Good morning Steve.Steve Volkmann – Jefferies & Company: Good morning. Just a couple of quick follow-ups for you.
Mark Pigott: I think there is more discussion about that and perhaps it’s actually happening, but it’s certainly a topic that people are looking at, with you know, fuel prices even though they are attractive, they have gone up over the last year, 18 months. And the 13-liter engines are performing very well. They deliver excellent torque and horsepower. So, that’s what the rest of the world uses and I think overtime, North America will probably become a little bit more aligned with the rest of the world.Steve Volkmann – Jefferies & Company: Thanks. That’s all I have. Thanks very much.
Mark Pigott: Well, you know, certainly for the foreseeable future, we will be selling more 15-liters with our excellent partner Cummins. We only have a 9-liter and a 13-liter in-house. So, that’s what we will sell. And in terms of the ramp-up, you know the summer is the timeframe that we are aiming for, and I think overtime, we will see a good balance between the 13-liter PACCAR engine and the 15-liter Cummins engine. It will serve the whole market, customers will get the benefit.
Mark Pigott: I think it’s a very normal process. Most of our competitors are still trying to sell pre-2010 engines, to say we are the leader on selling the 2010 engine. Overtime, most of the pricing will be passed through as our customers pass through the additional cost to their customers, that’s a pretty normal way the market works. But you know, that will take some time, it will certainly take all of this year to work through particularly since we are introducing higher price, but more efficient product in an ongoing recession. You know, if it was boom times, it would be a slightly different economic scenario, but we are coming out of a very challenging recession, and the customers and their customers are more wary and more conscious of cost and what they can or cannot pass through.
Mark Pigott: I think that’s pretty normal. You know, number of our competitors are interested in market share usually at the detriment of their shareholders I find. But that’s pretty normal than the aftertime, all balances out.
Mark Pigott: Well, I don’t have sort of what the freight spot has done just over the last four days, because of the Icelandic volcano, but you know, the vast majority of freight does get moved by truck as you know. So, there might have been a momentary one week upward movement. I think that will settle back down. So, we are starting to see freight rates slightly improved, but I would say slightly in Europe. And there’s still a lot of economic challenges, and you have got a number of countries that have elections going on, the UK, the Netherlands coming to mind, and then you have Spain, Portugal and Italy that probably having a little more serious economic challenges and essentially Europe is sort of being impacted in a negative way. So, there’s lot of things going on there that’s going to take some time to settle out. You know, the good news is that people love the DAF trucks and they are buying those, but certainly not at the levels we saw two or three years ago.
Mark Pigott: I think primarily Northern and Western Europe. So, France, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, you know, would be some of our strongest markets.
Mark Pigott: Well, the orders have improved. We are taking some share away from probably one of our German competitors who seems to be in a little bit of disarray, but having been on this business for many decades, what will probably happen is, once our competitors figure out their internal business systems, they will aggressively come out with low prices to regain or regain some of the shares that they lost and you know, we will go back to the steady progress that DAF made over the last almost 15 years of, you know, few tenths, or half a tenth or half a point of share increase every year. So, I think, you know, at the time what we are seeing right now in Europe.
Mark Pigott: Well, the commodities are worldwide. So, we are, you know, everybody who manufactures anywhere in the world will be impacted by the base commodity increases. Europe doesn’t have the 2010 engine increase, but I think the competitors will probably keep their pricing at relatively low levels who maintain whatever share they have got, and they have had several years of losses and I think they are probably comfortable to have several more years of losses as long as they can keep some share going. So, you know, it’s pretty normal in many ways.
Mark Pigott: Well, lot of the expense and capital and R&D for the engines has been in the previous couple of years, in the previous three, four, five years. What is now shifting because we are in very good shape in terms of 2010 engines is the ongoing development of just new vehicle products. So, we are actually sort of in a bit of a transition right now. I think you saw some of that at the Mid-America Show. So, the engine expenditures has really been dialed down. We have done the work.
Mark Pigott: Well, I think just first point on the production as was indicated, North America, Kenworth and Peterbilt production most likely to be down this year. So, that’s an important factor to take into account. Yes, we have got a very strong balance sheet, which is really one of the major factors that’s contributed to us being able to make any money last year, and being able to borrow money for our finance companies and the treasury team has done an outstanding job on that. The dividend is something that we continue to review with the Board, and we made that difficult decision a year ago and as the business improves, we certainly would like to take a serious look at improving the divided. We are looking at opportunities in South America, we are looking at opportunities in Asia, and we also have got a pretty active new product development program that will use some of that cash. So, plenty of opportunities to invest.
Mark Pigott: Yes, certainly, DAF has an excellent engine factory, but they are relatively low production compared to the capacity of our engine factories. So, it will be a minor enhancement to utilization and efficiency.
Mark Pigott: No, but we just love your questions, you know. We are Cummins’ largest customer. We have a great strong partnership. We will be selling a lot of Cummins engines.
Mark Pigott: Obviously, the EPA certification is a very normal two-step process. The first step is complete, past grade, and we are in process on the second step and we look for certification in May.
Mark Pigott: And I think it’s in line and you know, we look for a few more thousand as we go through over the next several months, and obviously it’s an engine that’s had very good results in all the rigorous testing we have done, I think you have picked up that, 50 million miles of testing, and you know, so we are excited about getting them out into the field, and having our customers enjoy the benefits.
Mark Pigott: Good morning David.Keith Schicker – Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning. It’s actually Keith Schicker calling for David.
Mark Pigott: Yes, I would agree. I think the US, North America is probably a little bit better shape. You know, Canada is in good shape economically. Mexico starting to recover although, you know different things are going on, but – and Europe plunged much more dramatically into recession and that was a real shock to the system that are now coming out of.Keith Schicker – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark Pigott: Yes, those are over 12 months in terms of with the customers where they lay them out on a monthly basis, and you know, of course, that’s starting this summer, so this summer to next summer, the way I realistically look at it. You know, at this time, it’s closing in on 5% of our orders, and hopefully that will increase.
Mark Pigott: Absolutely. And I think to look at the industry as a barometer, you can see what the competitor is out, they all have their own in-house engines and a number that is still purchased, third-party engines, and you can see what their percentages are.
Mark Pigott: Well, if you look at the pricing per gallon, you obviously have to translate that from leaders and kilometers to miles, but in Europe, you can have anywhere from literally $5 to $10 per gallon depending on where you are travelling, that will have an impact. And we have a wonderfully attractive low price for a gallon of diesel in North America. How long that will last is obviously open to much discussion, but overtime it will most likely go up and there will be more interest in 13-liter engines.
Mark Pigott: We have a very active used truck centers around the country that our teams operate, and of course we are also involved with independent auctions. We have many hundreds of excellent dealers who tell us what’s going on, on a daily and weekly basis in terms of the valuation of our products and our competitors. We are also involved every day on talking with our customers about trading packages. So, we take all those inputs and we have for years and years and it’s quickly apparent as the value of a T-800 going up or going down and how is it speck-for-speck year-on-year. So, it’s pretty straight forward.
Mark Pigott: It’s weighted that way because they have the best resale value, up to 25% compared to the competitors, but we fairly track with the competitors’ vehicles are doing.
Mark Pigott: I would say is that our production is not fairly strong, it’s slightly better coming off a 20-year low in North America.
Mark Pigott: Commercial real estate, commercial construction is challenging right now. Retail sales, people going to shopping malls, you know, has improved over the last year. The home repair market has seen some improvement, but not back to the glory days. You know, you track anything that gets moved by truck and as you know, over 70% of all freight is moved by truck in North America. So, it catches every industry.
Mark Pigott: Well, we are looking at a whole host of technologies and that’s – lot of exciting opportunities out there, and you know, what would be fun if you and your team would like to come out and visit our technical center, we could talk in more detail about that.
Ron Armstrong: Now, gross margins as a percentage of sales for parts in Q1 of ’10 was 33.7%, which compares to 32.7% in Q4 of ’09 and truck margins were 3% compared to 2.4% in Q4.
Ron Armstrong: (inaudible) SG&A, the run rate that we currently have is pretty indicative of what we expect for the rest of the year against Q1 of ’09, about $4 million of that increase is due to currency. So, really pretty flat.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I guess prior year of the impact on currency was about $110 million to increase revenue and about $10 million to increase pretax income.
Ron Armstrong: Actually, you know, the provision or the reserve that we have in the balance sheet as compared to our asset base is actually picked up a little bit, progressively each quarter just to maintain our conservative reserve position as we always do. So, we are efficiently 2.5% of our asset base in the first quarter.Mike Roarke – McAdams Wright Ragen: Okay. Great. Thank you for taking the question.
Ron Armstrong: Yes, I think as we look at Europe, I think we are seeing the same trends in Europe as we are seeing in the US that late model used equipment is up 5% or so year-over-year. So, very similar trends. In terms of repossessions, I can only comment, we have seen gradual improvement in the performance of our portfolio. We evaluate and want to work with our customers to achieve full payout, but if the situation is not possible, then we try and find a quicker solution to it, for best economic results.
