Richard Galanti: Okay. Well, in terms of the customer, so far so good. We don't see any dramatic change. Many of you have asked questions or have had some concern about traffic coming down from this 4% plus number over seven years. We feel pretty good about where our numbers are. We don't really see a lot of different changes. Interestingly, when you look at nondiscretionary items like food and sundries versus discretionary items across the nonfoods categories, including big-ticket items like furniture, electronics and the like, we've actually had, relatively speaking, a little more strength in some of those nonfood categories. So that I think allays some of any concerns that some people have had. But generally speaking, I'd have to say our customers are still pretty healthy and we are still getting good renewal rates notwithstanding a very small impact from some of the credit card transitions and so we feel pretty good at this point about that. And certainly I feel good about some of the merchandising stuff that we've got going on. By the way, one of the other data points I've been asked several times in the last few weeks each time we've reported sales in the last couple of months is is it deflation, is it weakness, is it dotcom, whatever. The fact of the matter is, if you look at during the 12-week quarter on a year-over-year basis, if we just take the average items per unit in the basket going through the front end, US only, so US only, it was up 1.4%. So we are getting people to buy more items, if you will. The average basket value is up 0.4%. The simple implication there is you've got deflation presumably -- deflationary pressures of about 1%. Now that's a good educated guess. There could be other impacts of sizes, but typically we go into bigger sizes, not smaller sizes and bigger pack sizes. So I think overall there's probably still a little bit more deflation that we've seen over the last couple of quarters spread to other items in the nonfood category as well as we've seen. In terms of third-party partnerships, we are pretty agnostic. We have good relationships with Google in regard to Google Shopping Express. We have Instacart, of course, Google's, in six large communities in the country -- the Bay area, the LA area and a few others and Instacart I think is now in well over 15, maybe even 20 markets where we participate with them, and also a few of the others out there. In terms of expectations, we didn't know what to expect. I believe that we generally are the anchor tenant, if you will, in many of these opportunities where there is more than just Costco items being purchased and sold just to provide to the end consumer, and so we think it's been good. It's still small relative to -- we still want you to come into the warehouse and we are going to still figure out how to continue to do that, but it's growing nicely and it's certainly on a small scale a bit of a help. In terms of expansion plans, I think you asked about openings, looks like our goal is still similar next year, about 30. We will shoot for something a little over 30 and end up about 30 if history repeats itself. We probably had a few more relative to that 30 number, a few more in the US this year than we would have anticipated if you would have asked me a few years ago. I think some of that is timing. We've had success in the US and probably the expectation of some of the markets we've gone into in the last couple of years, if you asked me five years ago, would we be going into some of these markets where we have never been in and our competitors have been in for up to 30 years. We've had success in those markets, whether it's Mobile or Tulsa or Toledo or Rochester and New Orleans, and so probably there's a few more in those markets on top of the few that we opened like whatever [indiscernible] number we have in the Puget Sound or LA, where they are harder to find because we are very specific locations to fill in markets. So I think that's probably one thing. Looking at the 30 next year, and this is a guess, it's probably not two-thirds, not 21 over 29. If I had to guess, it's probably a little less than half, 50%, 52%. And again, that's a guess at this point.
Richard Galanti: No, same old stuff that we've talked about in terms of some of those things like having not signed up new co-branded cards since last October, November. There's part of any of these equations are different pockets of income, including generating new sign-ups, new credit card sign-ups and that's been about 4 million to 5 million a month, which is easy. It used to be something and now it's nothing until June. Other than that, no, we've just got a lot of people on our side and on the issuer side doing a lot of work to make sure it goes as smoothly as possible and we are excited about it. It's a great reward for our members improvement wise and we will keep a little of it ourselves in terms of merchant fee reduction and really there's not a whole lot – yes, cards are hitting right now in fact. They will continue to hit, when you've got literally over 10 million pieces of mail going out, it's spread over a few week period, and I think they just started hitting. So cards should be in everybody's hands a few days to a week -- at least a few days to a week before the June 20th D day here. And we will be able to tell you more in September on the -- late September when we do the fourth quarter earnings call, but again we are ready to go and we are excited about it.
Richard Galanti: Yes, it will come in Q4. This quarter was an odd quarter. It ended up being -- in the first part of the quarter, it was better than we expected and with gas prices going up and down -- going up right now, it's been a little weaker the last couple weeks, but it was probably a little stronger near the beginning and into the middle of the quarter than we had anticipated, and it's generally two things. I think the bigger factor is, is when there's daily price changes up and down in the cost of -- procurement cost of both us and other gas station operators and then when it goes down, we seem to feel that we get a little extra margin in part because our competitors don't give as much back as fast as we do. So we still give way more back and it helps us a little bit. And so I think part of that new normal, if you will, over the last couple of years in that regard, it's probably on average a little better.
Richard Galanti: You will see it in Q4 though. I say that today. Day-to-day sometimes it changes relative to what -- just when we think we are smart and it's safe to go out, it goes the other way. But so far I guess it'll impact us in Q4.
Richard Galanti: Well, the only thing that FX does is -- needless to say, in most other countries, some of their goods are US-sourced or US-dollar payable. In Canada, it is substantial, frankly. And we manage that and we lock in, you know, in a way natural hedges during the quarter once the buyers are comfortable with that exchange rate and what they're going to be able to price it at. But my guess is they are still - when you've got - when you look at, let's say in Canada year-over-year the Canadian dollar is 17% weaker, incrementally just in the quarter 5% weaker from the previous month. So you've got that kind of stuff going on from the previous quarter. You are going to have probably a little margin pressure there. Notwithstanding the margins are up a little. I think generally we try to bring down prices when there's deflation and probably doesn't impact us as much because -- it impacts us a little sooner than others and that's pretty much it.
Richard Galanti: I don't think -- again, deflation from the end of the year is down about 0.8 [ph] of a percent in terms of a LIFO index. And the other comment I made, it was about 1%. Ask the question again. I was looking at one thing. Go ahead.
Richard Galanti: We don't know. If you talk to our fresh foods buyers, they are continuing to expect some deflation. I get different answers from some of the non-foods buyers. Mind you, when we look at fresh foods year-over-year, those margins were down slightly in the low double-digit basis points year-over-year, so again not a big impact there. It's the other categories where it was up a little bit, and so the net of all those four main categories, it was up 16 basis points. I don't think there is lots...
Richard Galanti: Well, first and foremost, I think we continue to believe that we will continue to see increasing penetration of the stuff we sell in fresh foods. Nobody doesn't like us. The quality levels and the values are awesome and some of the things we are doing with global sourcing initiatives and poultry plants and organic -- our pounds in beef are way up, but you've got deflation in beef more than some of the other protein categories. We are the first to go down in some of those items when there is deflation. So I think our numbers have actually -- the deflation in some of the fresh food categories I think mask some of the pound strength, if you will or the unit strength that we have whether it's protein or produce. And I would never be so arrogant to say that nobody can catch us, but we've got some great things going on in terms of again global sourcing, working with vendor partners. And we looked at our produce today, which is I think a $6 billion business now, approaching a $6 billion business, which is as big as protein. I don't think many retail food places do those kind of numbers. And so I think it has more to do with that than, yes, there's probably going to be a little bit of a macro shift, whatever. I think what we do and how we do it dwarfs those other impacts. Now there's other players coming into the market. I think just this week you've got a 365 opening and you've got other people coming to town with different health-related organic-related types of retail formats. We are pretty good at that stuff too and again, you've got to like bigger sizes, but we are pretty awesome in the fresh area and I think that will continue to -- should be for us an increased sales penetration area and something that'll keep driving our members...
Richard Galanti: There's always going to be a little confusion. To the extent that we haven't signed up new co-brand credit card members, I don't think many members -- many people coming into sign up for a Costco membership have walked away because we don't -- they can't sign up for the new AMEX card. If they have an AMEX card in their wallet, they can use that one. Now, to the extent that they don't have an AMEX card in their wallet, or to the extent that they -- keep in mind, not everybody that signed up for one over the last 16 years got it. It was still a credit eligibility decision that the issuer made and it'll be that way in the future. The fact of the matter though is is that, to the extent that they signed up as a member, and again I don't think it was that impactful, somebody walking away because they can't get an AMEX card, they have to use a debit card in their wallet or cash or check. Now, on a macro basis, does that impact some of the big-ticket items? Yes, it probably does. Although our TV sales have been pretty darn strong. So I can talk out of both sides of my mouth on this one.
Richard Galanti: It could be. Again, the ones we can quantify easily we look at. We can drive ourselves crazy. We know that -- let's face it, in April sales when we tried to -- when we shared with many of you on our audio, it's everything. It's deflation, it's a little of the AMEX. Maybe it's getting closer to the line of maximizing marginal whatever. At the end of the day, we are still rolling out gas stations. We are still rolling out some of the ancillary businesses. We are still opening up new warehouses. We are expanding fresh foods as we have over the last several years. People ask us about what are some of our new areas and certainly what we do with ticketing and executive member services, all those things -- wine and spirits I think we've been surprised by that -- these are all small things, they are all needle movers, but small movements. But I've always said there's lots of little things that help us here.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, I don't think anybody's clipped up anything. They still have to use that co-brand AMEX card through June 19, and nobody can actually use the new card even if you got it in the mail until June 20. That's part of our original agreement with our previous service provider. And that's fine. So all stuff will happen June 20 and beyond. And rest assured there's going to be a lot of stuff happening in terms of our continued communication, of course, to our members, but there's a lot of members out there that don't have chance. About a little over 40% of our US sales were done on AMEX with I think over two-thirds of that, a little over two-thirds to half of that being on the co-branded card. Some people tend to want Delta points or Starwood points, so they are using a different one. The same thing will happen with Visa. Our goal is to get that co-branded card, as we did successfully with the AMEX co-branded card, that to be your top-of-wallet card. We think that there's going to be a lot of things that drive that, including the people out there on blogs independently and others that look at what is currently a 3, 2, 1 is going to be a 4, 3, 2, 1, that's huge. So my personal view is it'll be something that's not going to all hit on day one. Let's get through day one and the transition first, but it'll be something that will continue for a couple to several years.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, it clearly is not capital; we have plenty of capital. I would argue we have too much capital out there. We like it that way. It's people. It is people. Years ago, I didn't depreciate it as much as I do now, particularly in these countries. If you think about in Japan, I think there was an 18-month period a few years ago where we went from 9 to 20 units in about a year and a half, two years. It's not like we are sending a bunch of experienced warehouse managers to go open and operate and be warehouse managers in Japan from different countries. So you do that a few at the beginning and you may do it occasionally on a onesie basis, but at the end of the day, you are growing from within and developing those local country people. And first and foremost from an international standpoint, you've got that. That can be a little bit of a challenge, and then you've got things take longer there. There are some countries that I understand are very difficult just because of zoning and restrictions that are in place, not just on us, but any big-box, even local company big boxes in the hypermarket area and the like. So it's going to take a little longer there. The other thing -- do I think we can go above 30? Look, we shoot for low 30s and then next year we will shoot for mid-30s and you've certainly heard me say that we want to be around 30 and five years from now we should be doing 35. Maybe we will fall a little short of that, maybe we won't. But we've got more feet on the ground real estate-wise in other countries, as well as the US, than we've ever had. It does take a little longer, but we also -- could we physically open more? Sure, but we like what we do and the way we do it. And probably we also have a comfort level that it's not like we are going to miss out. We are, in our view, the preferred flood out there, and so when we go into a market, if we take a little longer to get there, people are waiting for us. It might be a little harder, but the fact of the matter is is we feel comfortable how we are doing it.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, first quarter was -- and if you haven't seen this slide before, it's reiterated and put out here internally every day of the year and at our managers meeting, Jim used to and Craig does now, we are a top-line company, we want to drive sales. The fact that margins year-over-year are up on those categories up 16 basis points, we are not smart enough to figure out how to get there all the time. We are always going to drive margin a little bit where we can, but we do it the right way by giving most of any savings back to the customer. If I look at our competitive stance, our pricing competitive stance, versus our direct competitors, the gap has never been wider. We could make a little more of this, but we don't. At the end of the day, we are always looking for ways to do that. When we do membership fee changes, historically, we are always looking to give some of that back. So all of those things go into it. But at the end of the day, what helps margins? Private label, fresh food strength, some of the ancillary businesses. All of those things are helping as well, and again, we feel -- we don't necessarily -- I got to tell you, we don't look at it and say, hey, frequency came down a little bit, or the comp is a new normal or a little bit lower. We want to do more. Even when we were doing a 4% shopping fee, how do we get it higher even though that was kind of tough. So we are going to continue to do things in that direction and we don't necessarily worry about, well, that came down a little bit so we need an extra few basis points of margin. That's never the case around here.
Richard Galanti: I don't know. We keep adding -- well, we subtract and add KS items, so they live and die by the same metrics. If it's not a great item, we stop it. But there aren't any giant items like toilet paper and water, those types of things or disposable diapers, several years ago, but there are lots of little ones. I think, again, we would see that continue, the increased penetration, but at a slower rate of growth in the future as well for the same reasons.
Richard Galanti: I don't think, getting back to your question, I don't think that's a big reason of why the basket size has changed. If anything, many of those items, it's a lower price point. If we are doing brand only and we brought in the – prefer [ph] next to it, in many instances, it may be the same because we go to a bigger pack size. In many instances, you've got a lower price point on the same number of units.
Richard Galanti: Well, we really can't talk to anything about May yet. There's no giant surprises in either direction. But, at the end of the day -- and again, the comfort level -- I think I was -- earlier in the call, I was responding to many calls that I received from both institutional investors and analysts out there about the concern. And again, when we look back at it, and we reported April sales and we said, okay, what are the reasons why it came down a bit, was a little weaker. What again gave us comfort, one little data point of comfort, was the fact that some of those discretionary categories are actually doing a little better than one would have thought given the total number. And so that's about as much as I would read into that.
Richard Galanti: I think year-to-date we are up in the low single digits in terms of comp gallons. Again, the big comparison was it was a year ago when it was really outsized comp gallons up 7%, 8%. I know in April I think a year ago it was 8% in the US, and so that was part of that impact of why sales, in our view, sales were a little weaker particularly in California in April.
Richard Galanti: Well, in the US -- first of all, every new unit we do where it's possible, we put in a gas station and we are even doing a few in countries like Japan and Australia, which we hadn't done historically. We relocated a few units in the US. We just moved Hackensack to Teterboro. The Hackensack became I think our 11th, 10th or 12th business center and the new Teterboro one is a big new Costco with a gas station, with better parking and great. So if we did three or four -- I don't have it in front of me -- but if we did 4 relos this year, my guess at least 3 of them have gas stations and those three don't. But we are starting to max that out. In the US, we have -- at the end of the quarter, we had 420 gas stations out of 481 warehouses. In Canada, 55 out of 90. I'm guessing in Canada we still have a little bit more room to grow because we started there later. Again, in the UK, we had none a couple years ago, now we have 4. Japan we have 5. Spain, 50% of them, 1 out of 2, and Australia, 5 out of 8 I believe. And so again it's not like five years ago in terms of just adding a bunch of gas stations, but it still, I think, moves the needle a little bit.
Richard Galanti: Well, look, you talked about shopping frequency staying at 4% for 7 years. People have stayed for 30, including me. So you are having some turnover, of course. Over the last few years, you've had people that are retiring in their early 70s that have worked together starting 55 years ago at FedMart in San Diego. But I think from a merchandising and operations standpoint, that's been well thought out. Let's face it, the first big concern was what's going to happen when Jim leaves. I think while we were comfortable here internally, I think we've shown and certainly Craig has shown that the transition and the maintaining of the culture has continued without missing a beat. In merchandising over the last few years, we've took certain carriers like we used to be with non-foods, which is a combination of hardlines and softlines and Dennis Knapp, who was a senior executive over that and has since retired, we promoted two people and have broken out hardlines and softlines. In operations, we've made several promotions and changes of people again, typically low-tenured people like they've only been here 20 to 25 years that are going from VP to Senior VP levels on -- I think we've got about 16 Senior VPs of Operations in the US geographically. Now in terms of Doug, Doug, as you know, has been head of US merchandising and certainly involved in a lot of merchandising beyond that as well. Doug is great. He's leaving for -- no negative issues both internally or with himself, and we are all kind of jealous. He's more on the younger side of the senior management team. Craig has a plan, but he's looking at a few things and over the next few months, we will be announcing how that changes. But we've got good people in place and we don't think that there's an issue at all there. In Asia, Richard Chang, who goes back to the Price Club days probably 25 plus years ago, ran operations for Taiwan, was promoted as Senior VP over Asia and we've brought some new people in there as well, new people meaning existing Costco people, of course, from the US. And so I think we feel pretty good about the change. It's sped up because it was at zero. In the last couple of years, it's been a few, a couple and now it's a few and a few more. But I think we are pretty well-positioned for that. I don't see a big change in what we do and how we do it.
Richard Galanti: We pointed out California last month for April because it was -- while US overall again was a little weaker than it had been, it was really California. California is about a third of our US company operations and it's probably a little bit more penetrated gas-wise. And again, a year ago, we had gallon comps, which not only drives gasoline, but more importantly drives people in the parking lot and 52 or 53 of every 100 come into shop. And so that was where we saw a bit of a distortion, California versus the rest of the US. I believe there was a -- I don't have the number in front of me -- but to get to a 1, the other US was at a 2 and California was a minus 1, and I'm off by a little bit there, but it is that kind of direction. And so that was a little unusual. Again, I can't predict what that means for the future, but other than that, there are some markets where -- I think the positive that we see is we've been successful in some of these new medium-size markets. We had the most new sign-ups I believe in many years in terms of a new market, new medium-size market in Tulsa just a few weeks ago. Through opening day, we had more sign-ups than we've had. Now I'm not talking about Asia; that's a whole different story in terms of sign-up levels. So again, things look pretty good. I don't know if there's a lot of geographic changes other than the thing we called out on California. I personally believe a lot of that related to some of the gas issues.
Richard Galanti: Well, sure. In the car business, I think last year just in the US, we did just under 0.5 million new cars. We've always done -- when car manufacturers have come out with something new, we could do -- by putting one of those cars in front of our trucks in front of each of our locations and doing some type of extra amount of incentive, we can drive a ridiculously large percentage of those six weeks of sales in that car or truck. In this case, we've toyed with the idea for several years and talked to all the manufacturers about doing a KS vehicle. A great vehicle with all the bells and whistles and an even better value than you'd get as a Costco member or as a Costco executive member. So I know we had started and stopped a couple times with a couple different manufacturers. We are pleased with it. We think the manufacture is. The dealers are. And sure there will probably be more in the future, but we will see.
Richard Galanti: Well, I don't know what's driving it. We do a pretty good job of getting people in the door, opening in some of these new markets help. It's just been overall strong. If the US is 15% and the whole company is 15%, where was it down? It was up relative to the 15% of course in the end and places like Taiwan and Spain of course was huge, but it's huge on a base of one. And then it was a little lower in Canada where we had very few new openings. And Mexico same thing. Mexico last year we had a huge opening on a base of about 34 or 35 units, a huge opening, which had outsized numbers, so we are comparing against that with no new openings this year, same thing in Canada. We had a huge opening in a location there a year ago in the quarter versus none.
Richard Galanti: Well, if I look at my LIFO index -- we don't know exactly. If I look at my LIFO index, which is 70% of our inventory, it's a US accounting principle, from the beginning of the year to now, that's about a percentage point, 0.9 of 1%. If I look at the just the total through the US front-end registers, number of items in the basket was up year-over-year 1.4 percentage points, the average basket was up 0.4 percentage points, so a 1.0 percentage point delta there. That again I think just affirms that roughly 1% deflationary number on average. But it's educated art, not complete science here. And the margins, the 16, is on its own sales, each of those categories, by each of those four categories sales.
Richard Galanti: IT is the gift that keeps on giving. We started at about 3.5, 4 years ago. As we look at it today, what we thought might take four or so years to do the big chunks of this will take six. As we thought it would cost X, it cost 1.5X to 2X, or whatever it is, which is typical. Our guess is that it'll still be slightly detrimental in fiscal '17 and actually technically it may be even flat to improved a little in '17, but you've got a 53-week year, so there is a little cheat there. But generally speaking, flat to up a little in '17, maybe up a little in '18 or flat, maybe down a little. We don't know yet. But we are starting to get to that inflection point and my guess is that inflection point will come sometime towards the end of '17 or into '18. Keep in mind, these numbers don't assume anything -- this is necessity first and foremost. We believe it will help us in different ways, in many ways, and there will be other things we'll add to it. But the bulk of it, of course, is getting behind us and we will go from there.
Richard Galanti: I don't think there's anything big out there that way. We just did the bottom of the scale increase, which is a little unusual, not a big number, but it's $0.06 or so a year. And there's no giant changes coming to healthcare. We still give great health, medical, dental and vision benefits to everybody. If we increased the sales penetration outside of the US, certain structural expenses help us. Healthcare in the US is easily 20 to 60 basis points as a percent of sale higher than every other country in the world and so just by doing more elsewhere that'll help that number a little bit, same thing with labor costs. We pay similarly great labor wages relative to whatever in-country norms are, but certainly the numbers in the US and Canada are higher than some of the countries. And so those things will help us a little bit. Now I don't think -- there's nothing huge going on out there that -- I don't think we have any big shocks to the system.
