Richard Galanti: Not really. We’re not doing anything different other than continuing to be aggressive on pricing. And if you haven’t tried our rotisserie chicken, that’s the new hot dog in terms of $4.99 chickens. There’s not been a lot of difference year over year in any of the [MVM] mailers, the coupon mailers. So not really. We certainly are getting our share of free press out there, whether it’s the late night talk shows or the morning business shows. But that’s all anecdotal, of course. There’s nothing specific that we have done different of late.
Richard Galanti: You know, in talking to the buyers, there’s not a lot of anticipatory inflation with the exception of some aspects of protein. They continue to see inflation in some of those items, beef, poultry, and pork. Some of what we call limited resource commodities like nuts, because of increased world demand, with the increasing middle class, if you will, those have spiked up. With those few exceptions, there’s not a lot.  I think to date, if you used as your benchmark the LIFO calculation, which uses what our U.S. inventories, by item at cost, were and how those costs have changed from the beginning of the year to now, again, an ever so slight credit in each of this quarter and last quarter. I think together, if 100.00% was the base as of the beginning of the fiscal year, as of Q3 end, it was 99.41%, so 0.06 of a percent lower cost inflation. Now, again, that’s one measurement that’s easy to look at, because it’s basically our U.S. LIFO inventory counts.  But that wasn’t that discernibly different than a quarter ago. But we don’t really see a whole lot of trend upward beyond those small areas that I mentioned. I think gas is always, who the heck knows.
Richard Galanti: Well, we continue to look at it in all countries. I think we seem to like it, it works for us. Generally speaking, we like to have a core number of locations there and start off with some small number, but more than one of two, of services that we can provide under the executive member format. So the number of services where the executive members, in some cases, get a better deal on some of those services.  So, you know, I would guess over time we’ll continue to roll it out to other countries. I mean, again, the 13.3 million, all but about 400,000 of that are in the U.S. and Canada, which of course is roughly 80% of our company in terms of sales or locations or what have you, and well over 95% of the executive member base. But that’s because it started here. 
Richard Galanti: It’s more broad-based than that. Given just the sheer volume of items, what we need to make sure is we don’t want to spread it out. You’ve got to be “wow” if you will, on items, and not just spread it across all categories and all items. And so we try to do a pretty good job of that. But it’s spread among categories. I, a little tongue in cheek, talked about the chicken. I mean, as protein prices go up, our costs go up, and we’ve been very successful, we think, in driving sales and if we can get you to go to the back of the location and get that great chicken for $4.99, you’re going to shop doing other things. So it’s across the board.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Ultimately, it’s an art form, and it’s merchandising, and it’s just across the board. Sometimes we work with vendors, and sometimes we rotate items in and out. It’s not unlike what we do, historically, on the fence or endcaps. You’re always going to see us try to create some excitement as you walk down those larger aisles, down the main aisles.
Richard Galanti: I think it’s been pretty similar over the last few years. We don’t see any dramatic change in it. If anything, we tend to sincerely play offense and irrespective of what’s going on out there. I mean, you’re always going to see, be it our direct competitors such as Sam’s and BJ’s, or other category dominant retailers, items and departments. But for the most part, when we do our weekly by location market baskets on key competitive items, those ranges, in our view, of our competitiveness, is pretty similar to what it has been, if not a little higher, a little better.
Richard Galanti: Yes, absolutely. I think it’s still in the low to lower mid 20s, but it keeps going up incrementally. Part of that is the increased penetration of some of those items overseas, where whatever extreme value we are, it’s even more extreme on those kinds of things. We have items that do $2,000 and $4,000 a pallet position in the U.S. that do 5 and 10 times that in some of the Asian countries, simply because it’s a great value on great stuff. And we can be even more extreme over there versus brands.  So yeah, we continue to look at different areas, and in this past year, I know we’ve put it on some women’s exercise apparel, active wear, which has been very successful. I know we have several men’s summer items, whether it’s shorts, performance polo shirts. And so it’s food and non-food. I don’t see any discussion of putting it on a television or anything anytime soon. But certainly there’s a lot of categories. You know, all the low-lying fruit, paper goods, water, those are all done. But probably the lowest lying fruit in the last few years was probably the disposable diapers.  But there’s lots of things, it always amazes me when individual food items, the cashew clusters or something innocuous like that, is a $15 million item and $25 million and $30 million a year later. All of a sudden you’ve got those types of things out there. So, you know, I think it will scale slowly through the 20s and upward, but it’s not like we have a concerted effort to try to get to a number by next year. 
Richard Galanti: In all honesty, I don’t think we’re that smart about it, strategic about it. I think our strategy is to constantly drive it downward, and the more we can do that, the bigger gap we have with our competitors and the more our traffic grows, and the more our sales grow, and good things happen. I remember somebody a few years back asking what happens if a month into a fiscal quarter you’re not doing well, what do you do? And we say, we don’t change what we’re doing. I think that given our strength of late, we look at it and say this is a good time. When we look at certain countries where we’re very profitable bottom line, as a percentage of sales, relative to the U.S. and Canada, and Canada a little more than the U.S., we’re our own toughest competitor when things get too good.  And so again, I can’t suggest that it’s a trend. I think there were three or four quarters prior to the last three quarters, so all of last fiscal year, comparing those quarters to their respective comparable quarters a year earlier, it was down, and we were talking about investing in price. And then the last quarter or two was relatively flat, so does that suggest it’s going to continue to be flat? Well, Q3 says no, it doesn’t. But I don’t think you could use that as a trend line either way.  We’re going to continue to do things to drive our business, and we’re fortunately in a positive way. We’d rather be aggressive on pricing and see the benefits of SG&A, which always has been a challenge for us. But margins are not a problem. 
Richard Galanti: Meaningfully higher, yes. Is it sustainable at this rate? Probably not. We know ourselves that as we take a $300 million unit in Taiwan or Korea or Japan and put a new unit 10 miles away, we’ll do $450 the next year between the two, but it’s going to hit the P&L for a couple three years. So part of this ramp up overseas is going to impact that a little bit, and as we’ve constantly been reminded, originally by Jim and now you can be assured by Craig, is let’s not have the illusion that we can just continue to be strong numbers.  Again, I think some of what you saw was a little bit of margin reduction year over year this quarter. There was a little more so internationally, and part of that is the things I mentioned, a little bit of the increased expansion and sitting in the meetings, saying guys, these numbers are growing pretty fast, let’s make sure we’re giving back price, in terms of price. So it’s our doing. 
Richard Galanti: We do, but again, if you look at a company that has a pretax return on sales in the three-ish range, very high twos or three, or whatever it is now, and then you look at that U.S. column and extrapolate from the operating percentages, that it’s in the low to mid twos in the U.S., better in Canada, and a lot better in other countries, we’re very good at looking at something and saying, guys, we’re making too much here. And so we want to keep driving it in the right direction.
Richard Galanti: We look at it as between the regular dividend and the special dividend, and even assuming just the $34 million in stock buyback this year, we’ve still essentially, between the two, given back a lot of $3.5 billion to shareholders this year, virtually almost all in the form of dividends. But we look at both, and over a longer period of time we would expect to continue to buy back stock as well. But, again, we don’t suggest it’s going to be a certain number. Clearly, given the relative strength and, importantly, the fact that we did the special dividend, we don’t feel any exterior pressure to just do it on a regular basis. We’ll continue to do that over a period of time, though
Richard Galanti: Really, no. And without disrespect, there’s really not been, in our view… Now, our margins in Canada have come down, and again, that’s more us than that. Certainly, as I’ve mentioned over the last year and a half, we’ve been preemptive knowing that they’re coming in. But we also have had very strong numbers. Our local currency comps up there are in the very low double digits in local currency. So it’s a strong economy.  We’re doing very well, and again, it’s one of those things where Craig in the budget meeting says guys, let’s not close our eyes and turn around one day and find out that we’re not special, and let’s get pricing back where it needs to be. And what that means is we’re making good money up here, it’s growing well, so let’s make our competitive posture stronger. But a lot of it has to do with us, not really a lot of promotional pricing issues from what’s going on with them. Keep in mind that they haven’t opened a lot of units yet either. 
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, this is one person’s view here, but I certainly believe that two big things that have occurred over the last four or five years in this bad economy is gas prices and the fact that 10-11% of our sales are gas, and that clearly drives people into the parking lot. And 30 or so of every 100 that pump gas go to shop. Clearly, even if one of those 30 is incremental, that’s good, aside from having a profitable gas operation. The other is fresh foods. All the statistics I’ve read is that when the economy got hammered, people ate out less, not just the steak houses for business travel, but families with neighborhood restaurants. While it’s come back, it’s not back to where it originally was, and clearly our strength in fresh foods, I think, has helped a lot. That, again, is a driver, in my view, of more frequency. But I get back to the mission of constantly coming up with wow items and getting brands that refuse to sell us to sell us, and diverting more of stuff when they won’t want to sell us if we can get it. All those things are what we’re about, and again, I’m probably a little biased, and my antennae are a little stronger in looking, but it seems like every day there’s something on television about us, whether it’s a national talk show or a news item or a late night talk show, you name it. All that stuff, I think, is reinforcing. The last thing, of course, is the ramp up and expansion outside the U.S. and Canada, our most mature markets. Clearly you have higher frequency numbers in newer markets. So that’s got to help a little bit too. I don’t think that’s as big a factor, because it’s still a small percentage of how many total units we have. I think the bigger factors are that constant lowering of price, and the gas and the fresh foods. And look, we’ve all seen what’s happened of late with some of the relative strength in companies like Home Depot and Lowes and the housing market. I think I mentioned some of the category areas where we’ve been strong. So we get a little benefit there as well. But that frequency has got to be more that.  I have no illusions that it can sustain itself. Seemingly for 20 years prior to late ’08, on average the number was in the 1-1.5% range, and ranged generally from minus 1 to plus 2, with the exception of a couple of outliers based how Easter or July 4 or something falls year over year. So we’re in uncharted territories.  I remember a year and a half into this recession, after having maybe a 4 for all of calendar ’09, reminding people that if we’re zero in 2010, that’s still a 2 and a 2 for 2 years, and not ever thinking we could accomplish what we have. And so we’ve certainly benefited by our model and perhaps by the demographic of our member and by the other things I just mentioned.
Richard Galanti: Fortunately, we’re in, I think 41 or 42 states and Puerto Rico in the U.S., if you will, and so when the weather was bad in one part of the country, it wasn’t bad in the other part of the country. I don’t have the numbers in front of me, but I know over the last few months, when the regions got up and spoke, some of the regions had incredible strength when expected in seasonal items like seasonal clothing and seasonal patio furniture and what have you, whereas other regions it came a little later. I don’t have the detail in front of me, but if there’s a little pent up demand, it’s in a few of the regions, and some of it’s already happened in the third quarter. So maybe there’s a little bit there, but I don’t see a whole lot of that.
Richard Galanti: Again, all the eight regions in the U.S. were pretty good. But they were actually at the low end of that range of I think I said mid to high single. It was still positive, but no. 
Richard Galanti: You know, I wish I knew. For the 12-week quarters, when I looked each week at what we pay out in U.S. healthcare costs, which is the thing that drives that line item, it, generally speaking, was pretty consistent, in the mid, little higher, single digits. And so we didn’t have any outliers. Sometimes when you see a week or two that’s a 3% or 5% increase year over year, the next week’s 12% or 14%. And so the average was still 10% or whatever ex is.  And there’s not a lot of new things we’re doing. We’re doing a couple of little things, but nothing that would have driven this. We’re hopeful that it will continue, but we still budgeted up a little higher than Q3.
Richard Galanti: Nothing out of the ordinary, on the latter question. And what was the first question? Real estate, yeah. Our forecast right now is right at that 30 number, with half or probably a little over half of it outside the U.S.
Richard Galanti: I think there’s more than 30 on the list, and you kind of just use a little guestimate by location, and we come up with a number that’s close to 30. So it’s a little too early to tell. If you asked me for a range, I’d probably say three less and five more than 30, so 27 to 35, but I’m guessing here. But 30’s probably a good number. 
Richard Galanti: I think you can say, yeah the deferred accounting over the last three quarters, the number’s in the 6-7% range probably in dollars. And when we look at Q4 last year, 17 weeks versus 16, one seventeenth is about 6 percentage points. So I don’t have any Q4 estimates in front of me, but just those two simple math items would tell me that anything at or slightly above zero would be expected. But I haven’t looked at it.
Richard Galanti: Cutting overtime I think has helped a little bit. I’ve used the word focus before. I’ve also talked about, when people asked me a year ago, what’s different about Craig? I mean, it’s not a question of what’s different about Craig versus Jim, but Craig would say himself his strength is he grew up in operations. So I think there’s focus on that. SKU count management, going from X to a lower number means you’re [unintelligible] out more stuff. I think it’s all the little things. You commented on the signatures being captured. Certainly yes, can that shave of seconds in a transaction? All those things help. But a lot of it is the pallet presentations and what we do.
Richard Galanti: Yes, we are getting traction. It’s still not material to the size of our company. But again, every month, when the country heads from each country are here for two days, part of their presentation, and part of their offsite additional meetings with our merchants here, is getting, on a global basis, our buyers here to work with multinational vendors to make sure we’re getting better pricing. And in some cases, better availability of certain items. It’s a process.
Richard Galanti: I can’t say what it is, but it’s a few year period of time where we picked up money that totaled about 7 basis points in the quarter. It was good, but it’s nonrecurring.
Richard Galanti: To answer the last question first, yes. We’ve got literally more real estate people on the ground in more countries. The pipeline has taken time to fill up, but it’s filled up. If you look back a few years ago when we had, just as an example in Korea, Taiwan, and Japan, 6 or 7 units in each of Korea, Taiwan, and maybe 8 or 9 in Japan, we’ve ramped that up.  And so we’re going from opening, between those three countries a few years ago opening up a couple of units a year between the three countries, to opening up 5-8 between those three countries a year. But again, that’s partly that conscious effort, both in the real estate area under Jeff [Bratman] and his people and Craig also pushing that. Yesterday and today, they’re both out looking at sites in different parts of the country.    Our goal over the next five years, I think I’ve said, is about 150 buildings. And if we get a little better than that, great. But that’s certainly a good starting point given where we’ve come over the last few years.
Richard Galanti: Sometimes it’s competitive only from the standpoint that as we look at our success in other countries. We have a competitor in Korea. We recognize that. We’re successful in several countries where we’re the only one, and we want to do more of that.  We think that if you look back at the history of Canada, there was a competitor there that chose to not stay there. And I can remember the time when we had probably 55 or 60 units in Canada, thought one day we might have 75. Now we have in the high 80s, and we think we can get to a little over 100. So we’ll keep doing that to drive our business.  So mostly it’s not a reaction to others, it’s a reaction that we’re doing well and we want to keep ramping it up a little bit. And yeah, the decision to ramp up, as an example, internationally, given there is a longer timeline to get a unit open many times, was really made two or three years ago, and it’s now coming to fruition this year. 
Richard Galanti: Again, I think of the $56 million or whatever number increase, a little over half of it was the deferred accounting. And I think it was a 12% dollar increase, so that would imply about a 6% rounded dollar increase ex that deferred accounting. Overseas, I don’t have the detail in front of me. My guess is that it’s higher in local currency, but it was a little lower because of the fact that on average, on a weighted average, foreign currencies weaken relative to the dollar, so when you convert everything to report in U.S. dollars, it was actually a slight negative.  So you just made a light bulb go off. Actually, the underlying number, ex deferred accounting, in local currency probably would have been a little better, but again, the numbers we speak about when we show the membership income was including the detriment of weaker FX.
Richard Galanti: It’s actually very similar to the U.S. But we’re not going to go down the road of detailing it, because I always find as I try to put more out there then I’ve got to give it for the rest of my life.
Richard Galanti: We’re driving the business. Historically, we’ve shown that we’re prepared, and we will increase fees, but we’ll take that one step at a time. Again, I don’t want to suggest that we have a plan to do it tomorrow or a year from tomorrow, but I would guess over time you would start to see fees continue to go up. But then recognize what we do. When we have increased fees we get more competitive. 
Richard Galanti: I think on our cheat sheet from last year it was 55 out of 150 were in the U.S. And my guess is it will be a little bit more than that. And if we open what we say we’re going to open this quarter, we will end the fiscal year with 636 units, of which 452 would be in the U.S. And if you add 50 or 55 to that, you’re at 505 or 510. And my guess is the five years after that, it’s not 50 more, but it’s 20 to 30 more, who knows? So I think what we have found over almost 30 years, and what I assume we’ll continue to find, is we’ll always end up opening a few more than we thought were possible.
Richard Galanti: For the five years up to when we acquired the remaining 50%, last July, I think in the five years we opened a total of three units, so less than one a year. I think this year we’re opening one. And my guess is that will quickly go to two to four, who knows? But we’ll wrap it up. Keep in mind, we have 32 or 33 units there. Sam’s has well over 100, and we think there’s plenty of opportunity there. It’s very profitable. And expressed in dollars, its average unit does about half the dollar volume because of just the relative currencies.  But it’s growing nicely. Its bottom line is much stronger than the company as a whole. But so are a few other countries, in terms of the bottom line with a much stronger top line. So Mexico’s great. It’s been a healthy growth for us, and if anything, for unrelated reasons we hadn’t grown a lot for those four or five years, and we’re starting to invest more now.
Richard Galanti: Yes, and yes, and yes. There’s a little bit more presence out there. We have done very well not only within TVs, but higher end TVs, the 60 and 80-inch TVs and the smart TVs. We’ve also done well on a much smaller scale dollar-wise, on cellphones. And doing much better in things like tablets, because we’re selling some. We’ve got all but one of the main brands names out there, and those are really starting to pick up for us. But you know, TVs dwarf everything else, just in sheer dollar volume. And again, they were up low double-digits this month. And I think in the last year have probably been up on average in the mid to high single-digits in dollars.
Richard Galanti: It’s executive. If you put it in simple sequence order, you’ve got your regular gold star, you’ve got your regular business, you’ve got your executive of either of those categories, and then the triple play, if you will, would be you’ve got the executive business member with the cobranded Amex card. All those things lend itself toward higher frequency and higher total purchases. But executive members clearly a driver.
Richard Galanti: I think it’s been probably a range of 4 to 6, but it’s been pretty similar over the last few quarters. I think that will still be incrementally up over the next four quarters, but probably not 5, lower than that. And then hopefully it will subside a little bit. And hopefully then you get some benefit from it as well from more efficient operations, whatever we’re putting out from it. But for those of you who have known us for a long time, we pride ourselves on keeping things simple.  And we are basically a legacy shop. We wrote our own GL years ago. And so this is new for us, and it’s taking a lot of effort, and for us, a lot of money. Fortunately it’s divided by a lot of sales of dollars. So 5 basis points is still a lot this year. I don’t know if it’s 2 or 3 next year, but it’s going to be lower than 5 is my guess. And that will then not be a discussion topic in terms of SG&A basis points.
Richard Galanti: Quick back of the envelope guess would be half of it’s in strong, existing markets and then half of it’s in newer markets. I’m just looking at the opening schedule this past year. It’s been everything from another unit in Washington, DC and Maryland in the U.S., to one last fall in Huntington Beach, California, which is clearly in-fill, to several units in the Dallas and other Texas markets, which I would say have gone from new markets to very clearly good in-fill markets. In Chicago as well, in-fill. To markets like Knoxville, Tennessee, New Orleans, Louisiana. So a combination of both. Baxter, Minnesota. I’m not sure if that’s an in-fill or an extension of Minneapolis. Just off the top of my head. 
Richard Galanti: [unintelligible] LIFO deflation, just from as of the beginning or the end of last fiscal year, not just this quarter. But yeah, literally it’s a couple of basis points on our LIFO inventories in the U.S. So very little deflation, other than gas.
Richard Galanti: I think it’s a little of both. We’re still doing it the old fashioned way, and some would say the stubborn way. We are doing a few more things. Clearly replatforming, the dotcom people feel that’s helped. Mobile has helped a little. The apps are driving people to it. I forget what percentage of the total sales are coming on apps. It’s small, but it’s growing. And again, we don’t do a lot of stuff. Our MVMs probably, in our view, have had as much effect as anything, when we have some of those exclusive online-only MVM coupons in the physical mailers. Social network is up. We’re getting the name out there a little more. It’s nice to see some increases that didn’t have one digit or a one in front of it, two digit. 
Richard Galanti: Clearly the special dividend had some impact on that. Clearly the very ramp up in strength in our valuation. But our view is we’re still, on average, a stock buyer over time. We don’t feel pressure that we’ve got to do a certain amount by a certain date. In terms of cash flow, you take your estimates for net income, take depreciation up, the 9% or 10% it’s up. Regular dividends, pretty close to what our 8-year average is, about 13%, or whatever. Your regular dividend is about 550 a year.  And assuming capex went from the $1.5 billion to the $2.0 billion, you’re going to cash flow a little higher than you suggested. But that assumes no stock buyback. And we’ll see. I would hope, and I can’t say expect, because we don’t look at it that formally every day, but over a period of time, we clearly want to cover our issue dilution, but we don’t feel compelled that we have to do it by year-end for this year.  Getting to 100 is tough. Seasonally, it gets over 100, sure, but I think on average it’s probably 94-95 during the year. Maybe 93-94. And one of the things that happens, particularly in this low interest rate environment, and particularly since we have a lot of cash, we’ll offer vendors, particularly medium sized vendors that might need to clean up a balance sheet at quarter end for certain covenants, we’re being pretty aggressive on what will you give us if we pay you a little early on something? Outside the regular terms. These are not big numbers, but you turn around and its hundreds of millions of dollars.  I’m not sure if it ever gets to 100 unless the turn goes from the 12-13 up to 15 or something, and that’s going to be tough. But we’ll keep working at it. 
Richard Galanti: I think it’s higher volumes, but I think the payables percentage is a little lower in some of the countries. But part of that is timing, you know. Of a bunch that you ship to Asia, if 25-35% of our sales over there are U.S. sourced goods, and with the exception of probably fresh food items that have to be airfreighted, a lot of that stuff could be on two-week plus containers. Sometimes you’re able to negotiate with a vendor to socialize that, and sometimes you’re not.  I think I mentioned it was 91 for the quarter, merchandise payables, and that 91 there were two countries that were over 100 outside the U.S., and there were two countries that were below 80, and one in the 80s and a couple in the 90s. Of course, the U.S. and Canada are on average a shade above the 91 average. And us is right on it, so it’s a little bit all over the board. I would guess Australia would be near the lower end, and that’s because it’s the longest place to ship goods by sea. 
Richard Galanti: You know, every action has a different reason. Sometimes it’s emotional, and it’s what we do for a living. Sometimes it’s, certainly as you just suggested, given our membership fee strength in the U.S. and Canada, that allows us to be more competitive in other areas, and certainly that’s part of it. Given our strength and profitability in some countries, that gives us an opportunity to be more aggressive on certain things.  So I do want to emphasize, it’s not as scientific or as analytically thoughtful, but we know when sales are going in the right direction, we can be more aggressive, and we choose to be. And it has worked for us.  And so I’m sorry I can’t shed more light on it. If I look at the core businesses, I think probably the one that was least impacted was the U.S. this last quarter. But if you look at all the other countries, every country has a different reason. And it’s not every country, it’s all over the board. And sometimes it’s on hot items, sometimes we’re trying to build something.  Okay, well thank you very much, and happy to take any calls. Bob, Jeff, and I.
Sandra Barker: I just wanted to clarify, on the price investment internationally, don’t you have less competition there? I’m just wondering, I would imagine as you talk about the extreme value on some of the private label, I would think you already had a very large price gap versus the competition. And I had another question also.
Sandra Barker: And then also, just some illumination on buyback and how you think about that in the future, since it seems to have dwindled away this year.
Sandra Barker: I don’t want to beat a dead horse about the price investment, but I just wanted to clarify, can you explain the mix of the price investment and how much of it is going toward international versus the U.S.? Because I know in the U.S. you had a fee increase, and that would be sort of a logical assumption that you’d be offsetting that there, but if it’s more skewed toward international, is this a different philosophy than you’ve had in the past? And how are you sure that you get back more than you’re giving up if you are the only club in a country, or if you’re still sort of new and you have a ton of traffic already? I’m just trying to understand the philosophy there.
