Richard Galanti: It is kind of like earnings guidance. We are not going to give specific guidance. I think history has shown that for nearly 3.5 years on a pretty much regular basis we bought stock. When we stopped it was as much a sign of the economy and concerns about what was going to happen but probably more importantly the whole issue of liquidity when various types of money market plans including a little over $1 billion of the ones we were invested in were locked up for 3-6 months. That was a little scary. I think certainly we feel comfortable long-term about our business. I don’t see us trying to pick a price or pick an event in time…I wouldn’t expect us to see us announce we did some big accelerated repurchase.  Historically what we did when we were buying when the stock was moving up a little we bought a little less that day and when it was moving down we bought a little more. But generally feeling the underlying value going forward is appropriate. Again, I don’t want to be cute about it but I think what we have said in the past is that we will probably be a buyer of our stock over the long-term. You probably won’t talk about it again until next quarterly earnings release. I think the indication we have started a process here is viewed that we are buying, not not buying at this point. Again, since that week we haven’t bought. Again I am not really poised to say what we are going to do in the future other than historically what we have shown that we do. 
Richard Galanti: When you talk about competition there are two things we are always asked about. One is all the supermarket chains over the last many months have talked about a much more promotional and increased competitive market. On top of the fact there had been deflation in a lot of those categories that supermarkets are selling during those many months. Our position hasn’t really changed. While certainly the food buyers look at the weekly ads on ground beef and soda pop and the like, those are items that are probably lower than average margin items to begin with for us. We really don’t feel a great impact from that. We don’t generally price for that.  Within the big box stores, both the direct competitors Sam’s and BJ’s as well as the indirect ones like Target, Wal-Mart to some extent, Home Depot and Lowes and even the office stores we have not seen any increase in the bar of competition. 
Richard Galanti: Again I think as we look at components of February’s comps on the soft line side particularly we had some numbers that were very strong. Recognize part of that is it was very weak a year ago but it seemed like starting in September our sundries categories finally saw some 5’s, 8’s, 10’s and 3’s on the positive side. I think this past month is the first time we have seen more than a couple of those sub departments in the high teens to mid 20’s. I think apparel was more in the mid singles. But it is more of those small electric, house ware, domestics that what I would call mid-priced stuff for the home that is selling pretty darned well.  Maybe a little of that has to do with if you look at our coupon booklets we recognize there is a limit of how many big ticket items are going to sell during the tough economy over the last year. You have seen probably a little bit more marketing effort or merchandising effort towards some of those items. So I think more of it has to do with just what is going on in the industry and a little bit has to do with what we have done. 
Richard Galanti: Well the renewal rates are pretty constant. Again they have been in that mid 87.3-87.4 range for awhile now. On the signups in talking to Paul Latham yesterday who is VP of marketing, it is a lot of just blocking and tackling. What I find frankly is what we call our marketing people in the warehouse which are a combination of that membership renewal desk and the membership desk as well as the refund desk, some months or weeks they are focusing on executive memberships and sometimes they are going out and talking to small businesses and medium sized business about new member initiatives. So my guess is a little bit of it has to do with the fact of where did we place our bets this quarter. Overall, I have to believe a little of it is just the press that clubs are getting in general and that we get as it relates to this is the place to save. There is nothing magic we are doing other than blocking and tackling. 
Richard Galanti: It is disproportionate but not majority. If you go back to a couple of years ago for every new member that signed up whether as a new warehouse in the U.S. or an existing warehouse our success rate of getting them to initially sign up as an executive member was something in the low 10’s. 10-12 I believe. In the last year I believe it has gone up to the low 20’s. Again if you talk to Paul and his people a lot of it has to do with what I will call “duh.” They are doing more stuff in the warehouse, at the desk and getting our message down a little bit better. Recognizing that we have just regular hourly employees out there. We don’t have trained marketing people. I think we have done a little better job of communicating to our members why they should. 
Richard Galanti: I am looking at our in-house counsel. If you look at our original budget for the beginning of the year keep in mind this is last August I think we are pretty darned close to where we thought we were going to be. We are satisfied with the numbers. 
Richard Galanti: Again, I already mentioned the food and sundries one which again is the biggest but then if you look at food and sundries was above 50. Hard lines was around ¼. Soft lines was around ¾ of a percent and fresh food was about 50. So you add all those up per weighted average based on sales and you get to that mid 50 number. 
Richard Galanti: The 24 is the gas mix. There is other things. There is the other ancillary business margins. There is the hit which was a lot of it from executive membership. There was the hit year-over-year comparison to LIFO which was 4. So there are a few other things as well. 
Richard Galanti: I would love to but I can’t. I am not trying to be coy. Again I think the trend at least from the last few months has been promising. The fact there is less deflation on the food and sundries side virtually about flat, no inflation and no deflation for the first time in awhile in February. We still have deflation on the electronics side and the like. The fact that the dollar is weaker helps, again I am not a predictor of currency rates but if they stay where they are now we are still being helped by that each quarter. We don’t have the freebie of the big aggressive pricing we did last year versus now. I think we have lost a little in gas last year in the quarter. Then in Q4 last year. So again that is going to be help and then a challenge. Depending on what happens it is so hard to predict what gas profits are week to week.  I think at the end of the day we are cautiously optimistic but we will have to wait and see. 
Richard Galanti: Yes. I think those ten locations I think 7 or 8 of them were directly near Costco locations. I believe it is 8. I believe those 8 impacted 12 Costco’s. In some cases or a few cases there is one on both sides of that Sam’s. The big impact is margin. That impact is as you might guess with Jim at the helm here is not going to change immediately overnight. But historically when we look at what I will call competitive locations in the U.S. versus non-competitive you can see as much as 1-2 percentage points of gross margin difference which all falls down to the bottom line. So, it can be meaningful in those locations.  We don’t expect a big sales pickup. As you might expect the ones they are closing aren’t their best units. They are based on our analysis of them the lowest volume units. We will get a little pickup in sales, a gradual pick up and probably not the whole amount in margin because that is not what we do. But as someone said once it is like Chicken Soup, it can’t hurt and it probably helps you a little bit over the next 18 months as did the six closures in Canada that Sam’s did helped us for 12-18 months. My guess is at the end of that we get 75% of what you and I might get. 
Richard Galanti: It is a guess. Remember a few guesses is based on some things that everybody is doing including us and trying to be a little tougher on ourselves. And excluding healthcare maybe the breaking point from a 4.5 estimate to a 3.5. Who knows. We will have to see. I probably will stick to that. We haven’t done any type of regression analysis on it of late. 
Richard Galanti: It is effective March 2010 for the upcoming three years. The big item typically is what happens, there are three new columns if you will for hourly progression. It really doesn’t impact new employees until they get top of scale. About 55% of our U.S. hourly employees are top of scale. There is not a big difference between what they are going to get each year going forward for the next three years versus what they have gotten in the past three years. We looked and discussed around and around at a couple of different off-site meetings. At the end of the day there is not a big change.  The view is that this is the time particularly in the first year of it is the time that our employees need it the most. As you would expect that is what we did. Again, I think the challenges of some of the comps we had over the last 1.5 years have started to abate both economy, not that it is getting better tomorrow but we certainly have seen some benefit and the whole issue of deflation and inflation. The feeling is we will be able to take care of that. Not a big change in terms of any major savings there other than savings with sales [inaudible].
Richard Galanti: There is no plan yet. History has shown about every five or so years we have done it on the base fee from 25 incrementally, $25 has climbed up to $50 now. One of the issues is 35% of our U.S. operation is California and California the statute says that membership fees are not sales taxable as long as the fee is diminimous. Diminimous is currently defined at $50. In their statutes they calibrate it every fifth year and that calibration calculation subject to change, I mean the state of California can do anything to change the current limit. The current way it works would be in January of 2011 that number would be reset based on the prior diminimous amount plus the California CPI over the next five year period ending in January of 2011.  Now in January of 2006 when it was calibrated up to $50 we did not the next day go out and raise it. I believe we didn’t raise it until May or June of that year. My guess, we have never shown a shyness to increasing the fee as we feel that we have got more than that $5 increase in value to our members. That is our conviction. I guess the good news is the economy went into a tailspin a year and a quarter ago. I am kind of glad this calibration didn’t occur then because I don’t think anybody had an appetite even if we felt confident we could. I can’t say when it will be. Will we raise it again? My guess would be yes.  Would it assume there is this calibration change in California? My sense would be yes. Will it be in January right after that? My assumption would be no. It would be sometime over the next year. That is a probability but again we have not discussed it. [normally] discuss what we would do at the $100 executive membership number. In the past two $5 increases from $40 to $45 and $45 to $50 we have chosen to leave the $100 alone and I think that one of the reasons you see this strong, continuing conversion and increased penetration of those members because that break even has gotten smaller each time when the delta was $60, then $55 and now $50.  But I think again we would look at that as well. Again I am not trying to be coy. History shows that we do and at some point we probably will. We have been asked, I know, we have all been asked often what is the impact of one of our competitors it will be a big year difference with them. We really not to be arrogant about it but we have really never looked at that difference. In the face of a higher delta between our fee and our competitors we have done it in the past successfully. I don’t see that as a big concern. 
Richard Galanti: From eight degrees to 40 degrees. Just kidding. I would guess a long standing slope clearly is healthcare. Again, I am hopeful part of that increase which had to do with just increased penetration of number of employees covered has peaked and is not going to impact us additionally. I guess so much of it depends on what is going to be the rate of underlying comp sales growth, FX, gasoline, inflation and deflation. The trend over the last 4-5 months has been good. The fact that in February we essentially saw no inflation or deflation compared to some deflation in the prior months on the food sundries side is a positive.  I think if Jim were here he would say margins aren’t an issue. We have shown the ability to improve margins and I think we will continue to be able to do that in a controlled way. If Jim were here I would say a very controlled way. On the expense side frankly I think we have done a decent job on payroll and on central and on everything but the second biggest nut and that is healthcare. The bonus thing, it is really a mid-year deal because I am not concerned about that. Hopefully we will always accrue that every year and it will be a flat comparison year-over-year. This is the quarter that it hit us.  The same thing, I think the worker’s comp was a little bit of an increase and a bigger piece which was just the left of the actuarial draw of being a bring back in Q2 of last year and a positive this year. Frankly any bring backs last year the quarter was so crappy we didn’t talk about a lot of little things. 
Richard Galanti: What was the first question? You said Manhattan. Oh private label. I think the trends continue. We are approaching 20. I am not sure if we are at 20 yet. We are at 20 now. So it is growing. The big delta year-over-year in sales penetration we saw is continuing. Not as dramatic as it was 6-9 months ago but still increasing penetration. We have several items on the food and sundry side that will be coming out this fall which I can’t talk about yet. Again, nothing earth shattering that is going to take the 20% number to 25 but it is all additive and basically there is not a whole lot out there that is sacrosanct and we want to sell both the best brands and the best [inaudible] alternatives.  On Manhattan, at the end of the day we are doing fine. We are probably doing 80-90% of what we originally thought sales wise. What we are finding is that during the week we get a lot of local neighborhood traffic. What you don’t find is people on their way home from work saying hey let’s go drive over to Costco on the way home from work because they don’t do that. We see a big upper east side and upper west side traffic on weekends. We get a lot of grief from the parking lot because it costs $4. It is not our parking lot by the way. It is what it is. Overall I think we have a little press locally in Manhattan because of the layoffs that happened right after Christmas. We always have seasonal layoffs afterwards. In addition to having opened this on November 11th we probably over expected and then came in a little under so the layoffs were a little bigger than normal. Nothing that was as news worthy as it appeared in the local papers there.  We want to get as many people back to work and as quickly as possible. It has continued to grow. We are seeing the bodega, the small business improve. Again, I think it is going to be a great location. I think we have a lot of questions about it because of the local news of 160 layoffs or whatever. 
Richard Galanti: It is a cumulative charge that will grow as the company grows. So this is rough numbers but if the company was 10% bigger in people incrementally over that two year period there would be another $2-3 million charge hit to the P&L but not a $20 million charge. That was a cumulative charge. 
Richard Galanti: The timing had more to do with the fact we had already delved into this in certain states based on certain state laws and we felt it was the right thing to do. It is tied into the March 10 new employee agreement. We got a lot of questions on it from employees. As we go through really a one-year process leading up to the new employee agreement you get all kinds of requests from open toe shoes and wearing shorts to how different holidays are handled. We have been getting questions on it. We looked at it and what happens is you get employees that have moved and in one state they got it and in another state they didn’t. It was just the right thing to do. 
Richard Galanti: We tend to mitigate the impact when it is the four week fiscal period that happens to be quarter end. To be a little more assertive in the two months leading up to it knowing that the bills will be paid and we won’t have these contracts in place at quarter end. 
Richard Galanti: It depends. The trend is good and we are hopeful. Your guess is as good as mine. Clearly from a merchandising standpoint we are aggressive. We are out there. The buyers are buying and they are told to be aggressive on getting stuff and don’t be meek on bringing in bigger ticket items. Our model allows us to be a little more aggressive. So hopefully yes but you never know until it is there. 
Richard Galanti: The driver was in about 30% of our employees in the U.S. in certain states it was something that upon termination they would get paid. Up to three days. Some fraction of three days pay. For the other 70% they weren’t. We were getting questions on it. We have always done it that way but as each state changed the rules we just thought it was the right thing to do. Also with the employee agreement so it was a good time to tie it in. 
Richard Galanti: There is more opportunities. We are not getting back into it. It was about a year ago when we halted anything that wasn’t signed to renegotiate. I know we are talking to and continue to talk to the shopping center operators as well as banks in the case of some foreclosed properties. We are ramping up some of our international a little bit. Our success in Asia is an example and Australia recognizing we have one unit for a few months there but ramping up doesn’t mean we are going to go from one in Australia to ten in two years. It means instead of doing three in three years total we will do hopefully five or six. I would say active. The hope is we did a net of 16 last year and something around that number this year. This is the year that number could get back into the low 20’s in 2011 and 2012 and the high 20’s in 2013 and 2014. We have been wrong before but we do have a lot of irons in the fire there. We have two coming in your state. 
