Richard Galanti: There is two people in the room here, one senior merchant, that’s really us. There has not been lot of change. I was just looking back, if I can -- the fourth quarter, I believe year-over-year, it was lower by two. I believe in one of the two previous quarters on a year-over-year quarterly basis is in the 4 to 6 range. So, it’s really -- we don’t really view it as much more than the things that we're doing to drive our business. We get pretty excited for how to drive sales and whether it's Buyers’ Picks or Hot Buys or some of the promotional seasonal items, I think that's seen in our -- the strength of our business. The only thing that I pointed out in the past quarter or two is on the fresh side, we've seen little bit more margin pressure as there's been a little bit more retail competitive pressure out there, not only from supermarkets but Sam's as well but that's part of the business.
Richard Galanti: Well, keep in mind within these numbers, there's about 8 basis points related to specifically to that what I'll call that extra rate increase that we did in June post the tax at changes. On the IT side, we've got a heck of a lot going on. I think it still will bounce around a little bit, but having it being flat on a year-over-year basically and quarter we're starting to see that. Look, it's all sales related. There is really a lot of different things. We didn't go through all the activities we've got going on now, whether it's related to bringing into some of our depots, the returns activities, the fulfillment side with the success -- with a rapid roll out a year ago into our business centers of the two day and frankly with the success of e-commerce, including a lot of small ticket items or smaller ticket items that just the much higher penetration of bigger ticket items that we used to do be allow the small package fulfillment. We're making sure things get there on time even if it cost us a little more. So, I mean, there's lots -- I can go through a list, there's lots of little things. But I think we've got a lot of good things going on. And as long as we can keep sales going, you'll see that.
Richard Galanti: Well, we'll see. I mean, we never want to predict where it's going to go. Our first -- we are clearly a top line company. We clearly aren’t going to do things to wages or to healthcare costs. Over the time people have always asked us how do we -- what are we doing to control healthcare costs. It's my first somewhat flip, but real answer is, expand more overseas. Healthcare costs as a percentage of sales in the U.S. are 20 to 60 basis points as a percent of sales higher than all other countries. Our foreign pipeline, international pipeline is, it has expanded and I think you'll see that 70.30 or 75.25 U.S. versus international start to move with a little more international. So there is things that we do to ourselves based on when we do it. We've got a lot -- again, we got a lot of things going on with ancillary businesses, with expanding the whole fulfillment in risk and depot system. I think I am beating around the bush because I think we can't really tell you where and when. We feel good about we're building to accommodate even more growth in e-commerce and on the delivery side. And we know that we'll see some of those costs associated with that come down as a percentage of those sales. But we're not going to tell you when it will take some time.
Richard Galanti: Last one, Michael. I mentioned earlier, the stock compensation. Stock compensation is not just to a few people of this company, it's over 5,000 employees. And in many cases from warehouse manager above and buying managers and above and certainly the senior people, it's 60% to 80% of compensation. Because of our annual grants that invest currently over five years are granted in October, which is Q1. The fact that our stock price has increased as well and acceleration related to 25, 30 and 35, that was 6 basis points of it. You're not going to see that thing forever. If you look back last couple of years, you'll see that typically in the first quarter and that will ease off in the next three quarters.
Richard Galanti: Well, in terms of -- we're not that scientific and smart about how we do it. We're merchants at heart. And when we see things work we go for it. As it relates to the core-on-core, year-over-year it was down 6 basis points. As I mentioned in the last couple of quarters, we've seen a little bit more competition on the fresh side, which is fine. We've got good fresh sales numbers, but we like others, our competitors are working in a little lower margin there and we're not going to let anybody take it away from us. But that's a small piece of that delta. There is a lot of other moving pieces to it. Part of it is related to the fulfillment side of it. We are encountering slightly smaller margins in some of that stuff as we roll it out very fast. But again, we don't really see -- in terms of are we investing more because we have it no, we invest more because whether we had or not, and we see these things working for us.
Richard Galanti: I think it's just under 5%, 4.8% -- approximately 4.8, so somewhere between 4.5% and 5%, but I think 4.8%. But on that I think it was about 60 or 80 basis points impact to the comp, including revenue recognition.
Richard Galanti: I can’t give it to you, I don’t have it exactly. Revenue overall was down about half -- I will give you an extreme example though. Historically, what they call a curated travel package where we it put together, we have a commitment to the different components of that travel pack, it'd at the hotels or the cruise whatever. Historically, that was a brokerage fee, a brokerage commission. And I am making this up completely. But let’s say there was $500 brokerage commission, you had no sales -- you had 500 in sales the brokerage commission and essentially no cost of sales. And so we will say that’s a very high margin percentage. Now that was related to, and again I am making this up, a $5,000 cruise package or $5,500 crews package, you would have 5,500 in sales, 5,000 across of sales and above. Now, it's a very small piece of our business but that’s -- for the year that $700 million of it of that revenue recognition. So, there is a lot’s of moving parts within this thing.
Richard Galanti: Yes, qualitatively, I’m hearing little less than half of it, so 10-some, like it's a little less than half of 22.
Richard Galanti: It was one-time. It relates to the tax act, but some of it relates to things that it started for us in fiscal 2019. And by the way, there is still some moving parts to the tax act. I mean, it's hundreds of pages. Some of things don’t work completely outlined. There may be a little pluses and minuses. This was a little bit bigger than a little plus, which was good.
Richard Galanti: I think the view is it's incremental. It’s hard to say when the in-store frequencies are so strong. And I don’t think we done a lot of pulling of members to see is this incremental or not. But we feel that we’re seeing less than we originally thought, which wasn’t lot to begin with in terms of does it take away from the frequency in the store. It can’t add to it. But it has opened some new markets for us or some expanded markets. Anecdotally, I have plenty of friends that come up to me and tell me that how they love it in terms of doing more -- some of their incremental food shopping that way or making it more convenient to themselves. And we’re finding the people that live further away are using it more, but these are all anecdotal nothing science related to my comments there.
Richard Galanti: No, that's never been a higher margin. It’s been a little lower margin. You've got competitive categories like lot of things which nominates the penetration and then there is cost of shipping. And so it's a little lower margin. It's a little lower margin and a lot lower SG&A, so it's a higher P&L if you will in terms of the earnings, recognizing that not every expense is allocated back to it.
Richard Galanti: I think first of all the plan is by early summer, they'll start processing but not 100% capacity and that will take six or eight months to get to 100% capacity. So it's really into fiscal '20, or either mid fiscal '20 going forward, it's running smoothly and we're close to full capacity. There is a few other things that aren't as big and slightly less lumpy. Last year, we opened a commissary, bakery commissary in Canada. It's by no means at full capacity yet. We're adding items that we sell but doing some things that we didn't start off doing there. Same thing we've had a meat plant in Tracy, California for 20 plus years. We opened a second meat plant in Morris, Illinois that will handle the Midwest and East Coast. It's by no means at full capacity yet. And so there's some lumpiness and that’s -- both of those latter two things have been around -- the commissary has been around for over a year, maybe closer to two and the meat plant's been around for a year-ish. And so those are some of those, when I talked earlier about -- I think Michael Lasser was talking about what other things are challenges to SG&A. There's lots of little things like that, notably some additional -- the ramp up in getting up and running fulfillment both for e-commerce and those other two day deliveries. So we've got a lot of little things going on like that. The big lumpy is going to be, I mean just by sheer size of it, is the chicken plant, but that has more to do with this. There'll be some more preopening and there'll be some, perhaps a little more depreciation.
Richard Galanti: That latter question is related to income. Now rev rec will be for the year, I think in our September sales release, we talked about the fact that throughout '19 we estimate that this new standard will benefit sales by about 1%. So 1 point something billion dollars. Some other things have more margin percentage in fact. But and at the end of the day, it has no impact on the bottom-line.
Richard Galanti: Relatively speaking, there's a bigger benefit at the end of Q1 and into December because of the holidays and the strength in e-commerce.
Richard Galanti: They were the same number of ads or marketing pieces. We have more e-mails that you're sending to. We've done a better job over the years of collecting e-mails. There is better values. I think a year ago we talked about not only online but in-store, better values Hot Buys and Buyers’ Picks that higher traffic and higher conversions. Those are all things -- some of that stuff is improving your site one-on-one recognizing that there are so many things we had done as well in years prior, and the values. I mean I think we've got the attention of the suppliers in many cases and they see how it’s improved their business. Particularly in a way in some cases, those products are doing as well as our competitive brick and motor operators.
Richard Galanti: We are shipping about 50% ourselves and that tends to be the smaller size items and small pack sizes what have you, all the big stuff and all the white cliff stuff like white goods, big electronics, furniture, Italian furniture, those typically are done by third-parties.
Richard Galanti: We'll have to see. I mean whatever is -- what we do whatever way is most economical. My guess is there are going to be some things that we're currently doing third-party that we will bring in-house as we get better and more confident in being able to do it. If you think even going back to some basic things like what we're doing with UPS with two days drive, it's not e-commerce but it’s two day drive. What other things can we do in that box size? We are working with vendors as others I'm sure as well to figure out how to get certain products, how to minimize the freight costs by getting -- given our volumes and our predictability of certain items, how we can get closer in a more efficient way to ultimate delivery to a customer.
Richard Galanti: It's SKU-by-SKU basis, recognizing it's a heck of a lot easier to do when you're always selling 3,800 SKUs in its entirety to start with. And again it’s part of those price points. I mean I was talking to a merchant yesterday and they're giving examples of where on a $40 or $50 dollar item, that's up 20% or 15% -- 10% to 25%. They see no change in the unit volumes. And there's something -- and first of all if it's in the 10% range, I think we've done -- we feel we've done a good job of working with the supplier, what is the supplier willing to do and to try to minimize that or if there's competing suppliers, getting in more. So there's some items that even with a 10% increase we haven't had to change the price. Now maybe we aid into our margin a little, sometimes not at all. There are some items -- bigger ticket items, where you if you go from 500 to [6.25] at 25% or that may impact the unit volume of that stuff. In some cases, in anticipation of a 25% coming, we cut that quantity a little bit on some items. So it's all over the board, but overall as you might expect here we're going to be in the last increase to the lowest. But it's clearly not subsidizing it with other things.
Richard Galanti: Look we're respectful competitors. We've been doing this for 35 years. We're not moving away. And we feel we're in a pretty strong area. I mean within fresh it’s produce and protein and whatever comes our way we'll figure it out. And I’m only -- part of challenge here in trying to be helpful to all of you guys is use of examples. It so happens that fresh right now year-over-year is down a little bit. There are times when it's been up. Right now it’s notable. We still feel that we’re getting more bank room from having Sam's close 63 units and certain incremental competition on certain things. And that's what we do, we compete.
Richard Galanti: Well, I don’t think -- they won’t fit a 60 inch television as an example. They are relatively small in looking I think in 10 locations. Keep in mind the items that we started with and we chose to do first of all were items where we’ve every time -- and again I would have bought that from new Costco but I can’t have it shipped to my office and I don't want to be left on our my doorstep and so I get home from work. And so we think we’ve picked up a little incremental there. What we’re finding is, is that many of these customers, they’ve shifted, they bought it that way, first of all we have more availability of items because we offer a much broader selection that if you order online and pickup in store, you guys are really limited to jewelry items, some small electronics items and handbags. All buildings right away offer the service and show you that there is more out there but it looks as a test, we will figure it up. What we’re not looking to do anytime soon is full order online to pickup in store where groceries A, we don't have the room upfront; and B, we see -- we’re probably little biased that we see that not every customer shows up when they order online. And separator between dryer, refrigerated and frozen and it’s very costly, and we do have an alternative now with the Instacard engine.
Richard Galanti: I think the reason is traditional retailer -- well all companies including us, we want to make money and what we have found is, is that as prices have come down our view is, our motive, if you will, our competitor pricing has gotten bigger. What we’re saving -- you can just look at every week at GasBuddy.com but we do our own price studies. What we’re saving customers relative to competitor stations nearby whether they are independents, or supermarkets or nationals, we’re saving more today than we’ve ever saved per gallon and we’re making more than we’ve ever made, partly because everybody else is making more, we’re able to make a little more. How long does it last? I don’t know. It does seem there is not a heck a lot of traction on gas prices going up. We have mentioned earlier you heard us from me before we want to make a little a lot of times. As it relates to gas I mean we have been enjoying for the last several quarters on a year-over-year basis, close to high single-digit gallon comps in the US population where it's just above flat, low single-digit, so we're definitely taking market share and we're enjoying able to do that while making a little more but not a lot more.
Richard Galanti: First of all, two things, you mentioned the 3% to 4%. I think as you add those two items and that impact to pre-tax is 6% or 7%. But even that -- and I say the two items, the Citi/Visa breakage as well as our payroll increase on top of everything we took because of the income tax. We knew some of that income tax was going to impact the pre-tax line in that way. The other thing you mentioned a couple of the other questions on there's lots of stuff going on here guys. And I think we're less worried about was gross margin 5 or 10 basis points different than it could have been. It could have been a lot better than what we did, we don't look at it that way, we look at what we can do to drive our business and we still want to make money. We still think long-term. We're creating a stronger and more loyal company. So I think that we're optimistic about what our future holds in that regard, I can't tell you -- I can't give you guidance of where it will go.
Richard Galanti: And by the way, in addition to just the payroll hitting the tax, in our case rough numbers the first full year post the tax reform it's about -- on those pre-tax earnings is a little over 300 million pre-tax. So it's a little over 400 million -- sorry a little over 300 million tax benefit, that's a little over 400 million pre-tax. 120 million that went towards those wages. We view these monies as partly our members and we are doing what we do to drive our business. Certainly what we did to remind our members of the -- those that have the Citi Visa card to drive that business which is long-term positive through their revenue share when it's used outside, as we get more and more people who have it and more and more of impact at the top of wallet. So we think again all these things are driving. Clearly we in the first year of two-day delivery and fresh -- I'm sorry two day delivery and a big ramp-up in small package with the monies we're investing in fulfillment and the monies we're clearly delivering a package to our member even on the two-day delivery side at a more expensive price when we first started today, which is still more expensive than it will be tomorrow.
Richard Galanti: Well first of all in terms of buying back stocks we do buy it regularly. We have a metrics that we look at, we adjust periodically as the stock goes up, we buy a little less each day, there’s stock down by a little more. Even it was a small number for the quarter it was a little higher towards the end of the quarter and the beginning of the quarter. But that doesn't -- we will see what next quarter brings. As it relates to special dividends we have made no decision in that fourth special dividend, we've been asked time and time again because each of the three that we've done were spaced about 2.5, 2.25 years apart from each other. So we've been asked what happens in 2.25 years from May of '17 and we said we don't know, stay tuned and see. When we have done them, they've worked well. We still continue to generate a lot of cash in excess of our CapEx and in excess of roughly $1 billion annual dividend that is real historically about 13% a year. So it's certainly on the table but there's no promises of if and when and how much.
Richard Galanti: It was relatively minor, keep in mind, you're talking about an in-reward that's in the $2 billion range a little. And if you look at it, this really effected -- we started doing this a few months ago, these reminders in a bigger way. And if you look at it, is sped up or increased the ones that were going to not be redeemed through that related to 2007 calendar purchases on that card. And then we had an net loyalty accrual for all purchases in '18, we were very lower to the accrual from -- prior to this from the previous year, but that's what we do. On an ongoing basis, I think the impact to the quarter relative to our old one was about a penny a share.
Richard Galanti: It was like $6.5 million or $7 million pre-tax. So you could annualize that component on an annual basis.
Richard Galanti: It's a higher -- it's a more profitable operating margin. It has a little lower gross margin and a lot lower SG&A. Maybe a lot lower SG&A is more appropriate when you return lower SG&A because there are a few things that we don't allocate that certainly to it. But like when you buy something online return to warehouse, the warehouse gets charges for that. So we try to do not a complete full but it's charged towards IT expenses and things like that. And certainly on the direct buying and what have you. But at the end of the day we view it as more profitable than the bottom-line of our company as a whole.
Richard Galanti: The $43 million relates to activities prior to the beginning of fiscal 2018. That's one-time in sense that goes back to anticipated redemptions higher than what had been previously reserved for both fourth calendar January 1st through December 31st, calendar '17 purchases transactions both in and outside of Costco on the Citi/Visa card. From February of '18 when they were mailed out to everybody they've been redeemed. In the last few months, we upped the amount of times where we remind our members to redeem them. That increased the redemption. So based on what we had previously thought would be redeemed and not expire as of December 31st of this year we have the annual net piece. That's a little over a third of that 42 million. The other piece is all purchases later this year, those card members will receive a rewards certificate in February of '19, but every time a transaction is -- a reward reserved we accrue a little bit of the anticipated breakage or slippage in it. Well with our reminders we accrue a little less than that. So it's also all the purchases made from January 1, '18 through the end of August or September 2 whatever the year end was in fiscal '18, we up the accrual on that. In Q1 based on our lower breakage assumption and therefore higher accrual breakage, a lower breakage assumption, it will -- that was about just under $7 million pre-tax. That's the piece that will be ongoing.
Richard Galanti: Well I think that we were -- in my view we're fortunate that we're not impacted. If you look at traditional department stores which deliver stuff to your home and then you send 70% of it back, it's all free. That's a necessary part of their business. That's not necessarily profitable relative to the old way. Supermarkets, I don't think delivery -- to the extent you can even really take a customer or grow market share that will be incremental, maybe that the negative is offset by the positive of incremental sales. I think we've been fortunate. The way we've done it as it relates to e-commerce in general or even two-day delivery. We did go and spend hundreds, if not a $1 billion dollars around delivery. We’re doing it actually as a partner of UPS limiting the things that we do and it seems to be working. Now we’re still going to improve the cost of delivery on even that because there is some -- we want to be in entire Continental United States, there are some places that are farther away so we pay a little more on that. I think when we look at to the extent it’s incremental, we've found -- I think we’ve also benefited from things like if you look at white goods. Historically when we have limited white goods in store I think four fiscal years ago we did $50 million in US in white goods. Three years later in fiscal ‘18, we did $500 million, and then like 5.0 something in white goods, none of it’s in store. We have displays in locations and display high end LG, Samsung, Whirlpool and like and most people want to deliver and actually the other one take it away. So all that white glove service. We have been fortunate in that regards. There is an example of because of what's happening in the world, if you look at -- you heard me mention apparel where brick-and-mortar apparel is generally down over the last few years that’s given us an opening to buy certain things and historically we’ve put in the quantities, 99% plus of our apparel is still in-store not online, we’re testing these things online. It’s a $7 million category that’s grown compounded for four years in the high 8s. Furniture where we have an in store limited 20,000 to 30,000 feet of furniture for 8 to 12 weeks of the summer, after Memorial Day before Labor Day, we still do some of that in store but now as you’re around online same with patio furniture which is there for 12 or so weeks January through part maybe early April and now geographically the locations that where people buy that stuff year around and have the ability to do that. So I think we’ve been fortunate there are some things that given our item nature of our business has helped us in that regard and perhaps offset with that. Clearly it’s got -- in the first couple of years, certainly these things cost us more. Building out the fulfillment centers, where part of that success online is getting people to open email to click on something and to buy something and where those will be a few years there, and I’m sure if you figure that that but these strong sales will help that.
