Richard Galanti: In terms of executive membership and the assumption is is we’re not just doing that executive membership and I’m not implying anything by that, there have been no discussions its at what point do we say hey we’re only going to offer an executive membership. That has not been discussed. But I guess my personal biggest surprise has been the ongoing increase in penetration even in the most mature country US where we’ve done it for gosh, eight or so years now.  And the good news there is is the incremental increased penetration has very little if any adverse selection. If you think about it, who was the first member to sign up for this, 7, 8 years ago? It was the owner of a restaurant or a convenience store that’s already buying $25,000 or more dollars of membership rewardable merchandise and so for doing nothing other than paying an extra $50 or so dollars they get a check at the end of the year for $500. Needless to say all those people have done this for a long time. Today if I had to profile the member who is opting to convert or opting to sign up as an executive member its somebody that who’s likely annual purchases are more towards the break-even of this program, in other words $50 extra divided by 2%, they have to buy $2500 a year in rewardable merchandise.  And those are people that on an affinity basis look at affinity program and are incented to buy more so even though these are smaller and its an increase I’m surprised they’re continuing at the levels that they are and I think that’s good news. Keep in mind also in the last, we’ve had US for the longest period, Canada has probably been gosh three or four years now, and the UK and Mexico, although Mexico we don’t consolidate so they’re not in these numbers, in the UK we just started it about six months ago, not a big number yet but again its UK is, we’re just ready to open our 22nd unit so 22 units out of 500 plus so I think it will continue.  The other piece of that is that if you go back a couple of years ago, for every 100 new member signing up we tended to get 10 or 12 to actually sign up originally as an executive member. Today that number is in the low to mid 20’s and I think that’s partly because we do a better job at the counter if you will when somebody is coming in to sign up explaining the virtues of it.  So all those things bode well. These people shop more frequently, they buy more. Those that convert once they convert they buy at an increasing rate as compared to the control group and so all that’s pretty good. In terms of food inflation in polling buyers in all merchandise categories, a couple of weeks ago the general view is over the next six months, there is inflation but not a lot and I think that their view was somewhat influenced by rising oil prices and rising freight costs and manufacturing costs and that has subsided in the last couple of weeks.  But if you ask them today they’re still going to say a little bit of inflation. Fresh foods, whether its meat, produce, there’s all kinds of anomalies that impact inflation and deflation there, not just the economy. But overall I would say some, 1 or 2% and then that is tempered a little bit at Costco because of the deflationary trends related to increasing penetration of private label. So very modest inflation. 
Richard Galanti: By the way the action is more of a timing issue. I think on a fiscal year over fiscal year basis its maybe 31 versus 33 weeks or 33 versus 35, it’s a couple of extra weeks. As related to April and Bob’s comments on the monthly call, that had to do more with timing of a given mailer where one started earlier last year and so we benefited a little, hurt a little one month and benefited a little the other month. The big issue with MVMs is if you go back a year ago or a year and a half ago, there was always 3 or 4 or 5 items that were $1000 TVs, or $1200 TVs with a $300 off or $900 for $200 off as well as a little less of an issue but the same thing on PCs or laptops. Again right now there’s very little of that. So I don’t have the exact dollar numbers. There’s probably been a slight less on a per week basis dollar amount of sales from the MVMs but also people are pushing more basic household goods where again when we talked about on a monthly basis some of the non-foods categories that have been in the low to high teens comps, some of those are influenced by some of the items you see there.  There’s lots of $30 to $80 items in the MVMs whether its, I don’t have that one in front of me but things for the home and but not the $1000 items and so that’s part of the impact there. The view is is that will start to lighten up near the end of the summer in terms of being able to offer some promotionals but there’s no guarantee. 
Richard Galanti: In general gas is one of those things that its like a teenager, you love them but they drive you crazy sometimes. In the quarter year over year there was a small benefit less than a couple of cents, maybe a couple of cents at most, $0.01 to $0.02, I think around $0.02. But usually we don’t talk about that other than when it’s a big delta. In terms of the gap of $0.03 to $0.05 are you suggesting that our prices compared to our competitors that gap has spread. 
Richard Galanti: I don’t see that, I think that may be more regional but all I can tell you is is we [inaudible] shop our gasoline in some locations two or three times a day versus the direct competitors of Sam’s or some of the discount stores or supermarkets and at least once a day in all locations. So we feel we’re very competitive. I assume we’re all making more money this week versus two or three weeks ago as gas prices came down. That’s good for us so we entered Q4 positively. Although we made a decent chunk of money in gas last year in Q4 and what I’ve learned is is even though we’re 2.5 weeks into Q4 I can’t extrapolate for 16 weeks. As soon as you bring out the party frills something happens and gas prices go up and oil prices go up and the profitability is tempered some.  But we’re starting off well. 
Richard Galanti: The gallons are up. I don’t think there’s been, if anything last year the trend was flat a little bit and its improving a little bit this year. Where we saw a big comp gallon change was in 08 when prices went through the roof and people were talking $4 gallon gas during the spring and summer of 08. That’s when we and I’m sure some other warehouse clubs but virtually in every market in the country whether it was Mazoula, Montana, or Los Angeles when the local TV consumer advocate was on the nightly news talking about where’s the cheapest place to buy gas we benefited greatly from that and we saw gallons go up dramatically as people were trying to save money. That is not as big an issue now but we’re still seeing some, so as prices fell dramatically again it was flattish and now its up a little. 
Richard Galanti: Yes, that’s correct. If you think about it and these are not exact numbers I’m just doing this the back of the envelope here, if you assume that the core relative to gas has 800 basis points delta and you have 800 basis points and a little over two percentage points of reduced sales penetration of that higher margin stuff the core, 2.25 or 2.5 percentage point, about 2.3 of penetration difference times 8 or 900 is 20 basis points. 
Richard Galanti: I think it’s a little bit of everything. Its higher penetration of fresh foods, its slightly lower what we call D&D, its an improvement in our sales returns reserve a little bit which impacts the margin through the salvage estimates. It really is a lot of little things. It not like we sat around the table 12 weeks ago and said how can we improve margins more.  There’s generally a trend that margins are not the issue that we can show some improvement and still be competitive and Bob Nelson is sitting here saying well you and I did, yes, but we’re not the merchants. But the fact is is that it is a lot of little things. 
Richard Galanti: My comments a minute ago imply that we are more aggressive. We are more aggressive in the latter part of Q3 than the beginning of Q3. We are more aggressive in the first two weeks of Q4 then all of Q3 or the latter part of Q3 so yes, more aggressive there. In addition my guess is $900 million of the $2 billion debt was five-year money that comes due in March of 2012 which is now only less than two years away. We’ll write a check for that.  So there’s $900 million that we’ll spend and CapEx should ramp up nicely in 2011 and 2012 compared to the roughly a little over a billion in 8 and 9. So those are the three areas that I would see. 
Richard Galanti: It’s a little bit of an anomaly because our quarter is like February 10 or so, February, March, April so we didn’t get anything for May, but you’re saying the implication is it’s a little better. I’d have to look at the numbers. I don’t think there’s any major change either way. 
Richard Galanti: We have not seen it but it is top of mind discussion every day around here and the merchants are out there looking recognizing we’re less impacted by what Wal-Mart is doing versus what Sam’s is doing. And Sam’s has always been very competitive as have we. They are taking certain items down dramatically and there’s certain items I’m not going to say which ones that we have taken down to cost, very small number by the way.  And we’ll do what we have to do but overall that has not really been a big impact to us. I think it’s a much bigger impact to supermarkets and general merchandise retailers. 
Richard Galanti: Well the health care is lapping but all the health care and related benefits costs were still a detriment but a much lower detriment in Q3 over Q3 as compared to Q2 over Q2 or Q1 over Q1. I think payroll is the biggest one. I think we have in the last year we’ve reduced the average SKU count which means we still have the same square footage so we’re just maxing out and are more efficient in what we are selling.  We have gone back and I’ve used the comment that for many years I’d always say well there’s not a lot of silver bullets because we’re pretty efficient. But in tough times one gets more efficient. And everybody out there I think is working a little harder and even the little things we’re doing whether it was changing out the color copiers to, you have to opt in to color, I use that example. There’s lots of little things. There’s no big giant changes out there in the warehouse other than a focus a renewed focus on expenses. 
Richard Galanti: Every three years, which the three periods are most recently was March of 2010, we rewrite our employee agreement. Its not a contract its actually an employee agreement that we send to them on the 60 locations out of 500 plus that are union, that is a contract but its very similar to what you see in the employee agreement for the non union employees.  And the question if you go back a year ago that with the economy bad what happens to top of scale which is about a little over half of our hourly employees are at top of scale, what type of increases are they going to get each year. Basically very little change from prior years and if you look back in the last two or three year employee agreements, so 2007 to 2010, 2004 to 2007 and so on, once they are top of scale they rise pretty quickly from when they start here over those first 4 or 5 years to get to top of scale with big increases each year.  Once they hit top of scale historically its been somewhere around 2.5% increase so rough number at top of scale was $20 you assume, $0.50 an hour would be 2.5% increase. We went into it discussing things but generally speaking we felt this was an important time to continue that when employees are in need. And so there’s not a lot of benefit to their bottom line from say hey we can only do half as much because we chose to do as much. I think where we’re going to see a benefit on the labor side is we have great employee relations. I think we’ve seen some of the improvement in payroll percent is is that people get it and they are working harder and smarter. I think also if we get a little leverage from sales that will help. Where I think the opportunity is going to be is some actions that we can take on the health care side.  That’s a big nut. Its growing, forgetting about the increased number of people eligible because of slowing warehouses that will improve as we ramp up warehouses a little bit. But more importantly making our employees better consumers. We’re not going to do take aways but we like a lot of companies are looking at a lot of things like I give you a simple example, in the greater Puget sound let’s say there’s 20 places, hospitals, medical clinics, where you can get a standard MRI, mammogram, or colonoscopy, those are three major items.  The contract negotiated large company here rates could range, there could be a four full delta between the cheapest and the most expensive in a community. Now we’re not going to just say you can only go to the cheapest but its been structured so they can go anywhere and there’s got to be some rationale there that something that costs $1000 in one hospital and eight miles away in another well known hospital costs $2800.  We’re not doing anything that other companies aren’t doing but we’re looking at all those types of things and we think we can save money and to help control that a little more. 
Richard Galanti: Well first of all last year which we were talking about is essentially December of 2008 when commodity prices had fallen precipitously but the underlying commodities from vendors were lagging four to eight weeks. And we chose to given the comps were heading towards zero and we chose to basically take it upon ourselves about $30 to $35 million in commodity markdowns on a limited number of items but in the aggregate $30 to $35 million, rotisserie chickens, milk, cheese, butter, to drive traffic. We saw an improvement in frequency. And that was the perfect storm as I described it back them because we knew that it was a matter of weeks not months or years where the underlying procurement cost to us would come down and fall in place but that’s hurt us because we didn’t get price protection on that.  I don’t see any current scenario that dictates that. Again Wal-Mart is amazing at what they can do and what they’re doing right now but a lot of that’s Wal-Mart versus supermarkets not Sam’s versus Costco. I think we and Sam’s and BJs but we and Sam’s in this regard are fiercely competitive and have always been. I think we both know that if one of us gets aggressive the other one’s going to be equally aggressive and arguably we’ve got Jim and we’re aggressive. And I don’t see that as a current issue. Things could change tomorrow but we’re going to hold our stand here and but there’s nothing in today’s tealeaves that tell me differently. 
Richard Galanti: There’s one, I heard one example yesterday in a meeting and it wasn’t a meeting on Wal-Mart it was a meeting on a lot of things and there was one item in health and beauty aides where they’re selling it below cost. And we’ve taken it down to cost and its one little item. I don’t want to say what it is. But its meaningless to the company other than I’m sure there’s some other things out there but we are, let’s face it we and Sam’s are fierce competitors and respect one another and we both also have pressure to make money.  And I think that we’ll hold our own here. 
Richard Galanti: Again at a lower base but quarterly sequence or the last four quarters have been good including Q3. 
Richard Galanti: It was $114.6 million. Peter Benedict – Robert W. Baird: And then the D&A growth I think you said it was $180 million so the growth was about 5% year over year that was a big step down I think in the second quarter D&A was up 15% year over year, is that correct and if so is it just a slow down in the clubs and its seems like a pretty steep drop off, is that what we should be thinking going forward.
Richard Galanti: I think its more then anything timing of openings. I asked the same question this morning when I said sequentially it looked like it was a little less of an increase in Q3. Its just timing of a few things. Nothing dramatic there. Once we ramp up expansion. I think part of it also is we had committed a little more over the last year to IT which has three and five year write-downs. So nothing earth shattering there. Peter Benedict – Robert W. Baird: And then just on private label can you give us a sense what the penetration was in third quarter versus last year.
Richard Galanti: Penetration year over year is up about a little over 1.5 percentage points, about one percentage point, maybe 1.25.
Richard Galanti: I think we’re comfortably low right now. Keep in mind probably four years ago it was when the stated goal internally was 4000 it was inching towards 4200 when Jim every monthly budget meeting would say, guys would you like me to do it or would you like to do it would you like me to do it, I can take about a half an hour.  And then the feeling was is is the top 200 items or 5% of the items represent darn near 40% of the sales you can imagine what the bottom 200 and let’s mass out and we’ll do more volume so I think that we feel comfortable where we are right now. 
Richard Galanti: I think in terms of there’s certainly I’m sorry I just don’t have, I missed that one, so I don’t have that list in front of me, I know there’s more brands in apparel and more availability of some apparel. There’s, in terms of the KS I think between now and the end of the year and into next year look for some more branded private label items in lots of supermarket consumables, canned goods and things like that.  And I think in the last six months you’ve seen things like KS macaroni and cheese and the like and so both dry and canned foods. Electronics I think again 3D will happen. I’m not sure everybody is going to jump on it the first day but we’ll be there. LED backlit, there’s some things there that are kind of exciting on that side. But I’m stretching here. 
Richard Galanti: I think that the biggest change from now versus 1.5 years ago was the fact that as TVs, as flat screens went from $2000 to $1500 to $1200 and $900 and $800 to $700 demand units were up huge and finally there’s been sated a little bit their appetite. As well with increasing demand worldwide like in China and India and what have you, is what I’m being told, that for the first time in a long time over the last few months the underlying cost of the panels, the OEM cost of the panels was up dramatically.  And so there’s not a lot of promotional money to do the MVM and things like that so not only do you have price deflation in some of those categories over the last couple of years you’ve got a little less demand than you had historically. I think that being said I think what is a positive price. We went into this season for patio furniture which we sell between January and March, a couple of months before the season starts and want to be out a couple of months before the season ends, we’ve been scrambling, probably by mid March we were scrambling for extra inventory because we while we were a little conservative committing this year not a lot conservative but a little conservative we sold through it very well. So whereas people my favorite article that I read about all this was called Frugality Fatigue. People were frugal last year and some of them are a little tired of being frugal. And they’re buying things for their home and whether its door mats or housewares or coffee machines or live goods, plants, that’s stuff that’s been strong. 
Richard Galanti: I think it will be a slight, a lesser negative. You’re still going to have year over year inflation in gas and so that penetration of lower margin, you’ll have better margins probably year over year but not as great as I mentioned here in Q3. A year ago in Q3 we lost a little money, this year we made a little money. Last year in Q4 we made more than a little, not a huge amount but more than a little. We’re entering this quarter pretty good.  So let’s assume we do a little better than last year bottom line wise or therefore gas gross margin wise I’d still, the increasing penetration dwarfs it. 
Richard Galanti: Our sales penetration all I can tell you is the sale penetration has been fine. There’s not been any dramatic change. I think one of the issues for us has been over the last year when we saw everybody talked about restaurant businesses down, well first of all restaurant business was more down for the bigger restaurants, the higher end restaurants which is not necessarily our customer.  And then in the case that restaurant business was down who benefited, supermarkets and warehouse clubs. So I think we had some offset there. 
Richard Galanti: When I go out there it’s a lot of foods and sundries. There’s fewer TVs in the basket and not a lot fewer but fewer and again I think we have become, if there’s a silver lining to this horrible economy over the last year and a half is that the warehouse clubs and us in particular or the extreme value proposition one of signature categories in our view is fresh foods.  People are shopping with us more frequently than they used to. Some of that is restaurant business and my view some of that is supermarket business that people are getting more of their stuff at Costco. 
Richard Galanti: Again as I mentioned the UK comps were close to flat. Every body else is in local currencies is quite strong. Canada is the one that is most impressive from the standpoint in my view from the standpoint that its 70 or 80 units its almost as old as our whole company operation, and so relatively mature and its showing 10% comps in local currency. 
Richard Galanti: I think it is but that when your children go to college, directionally yes but its going to take some time and I clearly as I get into the remainder of the calendar year we’ll be able to talk more about some of things like some canned goods and some other items recognizing we tried a mayonnaise two or three years ago and a peanut butter and we underwhelmed you so not everything works but most things do work.  And there’s not a whole lot of sacrosanct in terms of branded goods. We want to offer both, we want to show our member the quality that we can offer and clearly if we can get them to be loyal to the KS brand that’s great long-term and we’re pretty much prepared to try everything. 
Richard Galanti: No, I think its positive. Its still small, a very small percentage. I think it rounds to 1%. But I think we looked at ourselves in the mirror and said we probably were a little bit of, a little arrogant not, for a long time we didn’t do it for whatever reason and even though technology wise it got a lot simpler and it did not have any real impact to the front end in terms of slowing up the lines and in our view that it really isn’t our member, well the reality is its everybody’s member and if it can help and its not very costly to do, which is the case, then it’s a positive, it’s a slight net positive. 
Richard Galanti: I think that on the one hand there are things, first of all the long tail is not completely long, this is not like smoking cessation programs or weight loss programs or exercise more and eat better so you’ll have less heart attacks 10 years from now, this is some of these changes can be made in the next year and each one can be a few million bucks so its not giant but it will all help.  The offset to that is changing health care legislation and not just the new plan, one example next year and this is I don’t think this is even part of the what’s referred to as the Obama health care plan, is that currently dependents of employees who are under 22, under 18 or under 22 if they’re in college can be on their parents health care plan. And you’ll say there’s a cost to that to the employer. The new law is that, I think it goes into effect either January 1 or September 1 based on the fiscal year but I think its January 1 the new law is up to 26 and you don’t have to be in college. If we look at our current employee base in the US of 95 or so thousand people, existing employees who have dependents in the plan but based on their age they left our plan either at 18 if they weren’t going to college or 22 if they were going to college we have about 13 or 14,000 people out there that have left our plan of current employees. Not all of those are going to jump on our plan. If they’re working themselves and many of them are if they’re eligible for their own plan they can’t go on our plan. But let’s assume half of them do, that’s 7000 and they’re young and they’re healthy but even if the average cost was only 2000 there’s $14 million a year.  So there are things that will mitigate some of the savings. But nonetheless I think that I can’t guess I would expect the growth rate in dollars in Q4 given that we had a high increase last year in Q4 is around the same or a little better and hopefully gets a little better but its still going to be in at best in the high single-digits going forward over the next couple of years. Colin McGranahan – Sanford C. Bernstein : And then just follow-up through the quarter and really focusing on the US business the average ticket didn’t really kind of improve maybe as much as we might have expected it to and I know you’ve talked about more frequent trips still happening but any other thoughts on that. I would think that with the discretionary categories are showing a little bit of life that maybe that average ticket trend should be getting better faster.
Richard Galanti: Well keep in mind they are coming in more. They’re buying a little less each time and also they’re buying more food and sundries and less $1000 TVs. That goes a long way to changing that average ticket a little bit. I think we’re probably half to a little more than half, or a little less than half way through a year cycle in that in terms of the pressure of less TVs.  If you go back a year or two or three years ago one $1000 television in our MVM in two or three weeks we could sell 20 or 30,000 units or $20 or $30 million of one item. There are none of those right now. So those are things that impact it. Now is it offset by coffee makers and toaster ovens and exercise equipment and a lot of other things, yes, we’re doing a pretty good job of fighting tackling.  My view is a simple one is is that we got them coming in more frequently and its not like they’re buying it somewhere else. When they start buying they’re buying it at us. 
Richard Galanti: The big issue over the last four to 10 weeks let’s say has been less promotional opportunity for us in MVMs and arguably less offset a little bit by less deflationary trends in there. Again our VP of majors and electronics literally just got back yesterday from a week in Asia meeting with all the manufacturers and the view is is that availability will be greatly enhanced by mid or late summer.  That the capacity is up and so there’s a feeling going into the seasonal parts of September through Christmas there’ll be a little bit more promotional opportunities and I hate to use the word promotional but let’s face it when you have something that’s been declining on its own $200 or $300 a year and on top of that a couple hundred, $300 three week $300 off in an MVM mailer that drives business and again there’s not a lot of that excitement in the MVM mailer related to those bigger ticket items right now. 
Richard Galanti: Four months from now in early October when we talk about Q4 we’ll talk about it was still an impact in Q4 but near the tail end of Q4 and into the first month of Q1 of September we see a change. That would be my hope. 
Richard Galanti: A little bit of it has to do with in the UK we operate under a slightly different format and if you walk in it’s a membership warehouse club. It looks like a warehouse club, it smells like a warehouse club, and it walks and talks like a warehouse club. The one difference there is is that in order for us to make economic sense we locate our facilities in what are called commercial trade areas, not retail areas which are still expensive but not as expensive and are more available. Because of that each and I forget if it city, states, provinces, but each locale has a minimum required of business to the trade so we do not market nearly as strongly to non trade members or non business members. So we have less of a consumer piece over there. And so that always has impacted us a little bit over there. 
Richard Galanti: Our view is is that our pricing is more favorable over there relative because there aren’t other warehouse clubs over there and discounting is not as dramatic. But again the economy I’m not an economist I don’t have the numbers in front of me for the UK, my guess is it’s a little bit of a small business recovery but also the fact that how we after market. 
Richard Galanti: Again I think that sequentially we’re seeing it pick up nicely. Its still at a lower rate then some of the other parts of the country but I think, we’re all looking for tidbits every week or every day when you hear something about finally there’s a reduction in the foreclosures or but the fact is again I think the frugality fatigue helps a little bit and but we are seeing a little pick up and there’s at least not the concerns of the sky is falling. 
Richard Galanti: I would hope it accelerates somewhat because we’re going, we’re opening one unit in each of the last two quarters to six in Q4 and God willing around five or six a quarter in all the quarters next year recognizing whatever, so that should be an improvement, an acceleration recognizing any acceleration in terms of the P&L we record membership fee income on a deferred basis so if you get an incremental new member tomorrow at $50 its basically $4 a month extra incrementally into the next 12 months and so that will temper that rate of acceleration. Dan Binder – Jefferies & Co.: And through this earnings season we’ve heard retailers talk about some softness or choppiness related to weather in May and obviously we’ve had a lot of turmoil in the markets over the last few weeks and I realize comps are next weeks, but I’m curious are you seeing choppiness or volatility or any increased volatility in your business over recent weeks as this has unfolded.  
Richard Galanti: The only choppiness that we see relates to how a holiday falls like Memorial Day fell a week off so it helps you one week hurts you the next week or vise versa and the timing of an MVM mailer where if I’m making this up but let’s say last year it was weeks one through three of a month and this week its weeks two through four, in week one this year since you had an MVM last year but not this year you see sales down and in week four it catches back up. Dan Binder – Jefferies & Co.: And then just some housekeeping items but do you have an expected tax rate for the full year and I was just curious where you think pre opening and net interest will fall out for the full year also. 
Richard Galanti: Well pre opening should start to escalate some, I’m sorry I don’t have that in front of me, but that should escalate for more spend, more openings, and interest income, by the way getting back to I think it was the question on Q2 interest income, the big delta in Q2, interest income I looked at my notes from Q2 and interest income actually was only up a few million dollars year over year in the quarter.  The big difference sequentially that you had mentioned was related to first of all Q2 has Christmas and Mexico our half of Mexico earnings are dramatically higher then and in addition as I mentioned in the Q2 conference call we did pick up some incremental dollars on FX contracts. Usually that’s something that’s no more than plus or minus a couple of million dollars and I never talk about it.  We happened to have in Q2 a benefit of probably a penny, $7 or $8 million and so that was an anomaly in Q2 that is more of an anomaly whether it was a plus or a minus in Q2 it was nonetheless an anomaly. And the other big chunk was just quarterly profits in Q2 in Mexico were dramatically different than Q3. But looking into Q4 I don't see a big change, again it doesn’t matter how much cash you have and it ain’t a whole lot of money, given that we know that we’re going to pay off $900 million in March 2012 in the last few months we have taken about $900 million and extended it out up just under two years and are making an extra 80, 90 basis points so say $900 and 80 basis points is $7 million a year.  So maybe annualized you’ll get a couple million a quarter from that but that’s not earth shattering. Dan Binder – Jefferies & Co.: And the tax rate for the full year. 
Richard Galanti: I think our tax rate, I start every quarter with a tax rate assumption of around 37 or high 36’s, and usually its between again the percentage in Q3 which was 34.4 part of that is is Q3 is a lower profit quarter. So when you’ve got a $3 or $5 million benefit or hit in a quarter on a lower percentage that changes the percentage more on a lower base. 
Richard Galanti: I think in the Midwest and Texas a little bit has to do with we’re newer there. I almost can’t say newer anymore because we’ve been in those regions now for 10 or so years, but we’re not there for 25 years. I think Texas again we’ve been there for 10 or so years and our competitors have been there for 25 years. I think we just are showing some nice improvement there.  In Florida or southeast which is Florida, Georgia, the Carolina’s, I think its half-and-half. I think some of it we’re taking market share because we’ve done a pretty good job and some of it we have some newer units. Damian Witkowski – Gabelli & Co. : And then you haven’t seen the northeast mentioned in the few quarters here I think now as a regional strength and is it just because of the fall as far and so it has less room to improve or what’s happening in the northeast.
Richard Galanti: That’s correct but in addition northeast I forget which quarter or which months it was but they had hard weather patterns. And I hate to use that as an excuse but I know there were a couple of months there a few months ago which really impacted it. Damian Witkowski – Gabelli & Co. : And then are you finding it harder now to find to buy in better deals and if so what categories in particular.
Richard Galanti: The only one that I’ve heard about is that, is the TVs. Again there’s not as many deals out there because of a worldwide increase in demand and again that seems to be finally abating a little bit over the next couple of months. Other then that and there’s plenty of deals out there.  Thank you everyone, have a good day.
Charles Grom - JPMorgan: I just want to go in to the gross profit to make sure I understood I heard you correctly, so the total is down 11, if you look within core you’re down 10 but I believe you said the core I guess within the core was up 14, is that correct so you’re within the 4 the 80% of the businesses was up 14.
Charles Grom - JPMorgan: That’s a plus 19 versus a down 3 last quarter, so I’m just trying to get a sense for what changed within the quarter led to such a big improvement, was it mark up rate, was it IMU, was it lower mark downs.
Charles Grom - JPMorgan: And then just moving down the P&L interest income in the second quarter was $30 million, this quarter I believe it was $10 your cash balance increased so I’m just trying to connect the dots, is that just lower other income coming from the JV from Mexico that led to the—
Charles Grom - JPMorgan: If you looked at cash and short-term investments per share you’re sitting at I think an all time high of $12, it sounds like you’re starting to buy back stock but is there any other plans to utilize cash in any other way, can you get a little bit more aggressive on the buyback, you’re sitting with a lot of cash. 
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: If you look at the average of the monthly comps you’ve been announcing for the US business that 3% ex gas number that you posted this morning for the quarter that implies that the stub of the first nine days of May may be up, can you maybe comment on that a little bit. So the average of the three monthly numbers that you’ve released already comes in below the 3% comp that you referred today for the US business excluding gas and I’m wondering if that implies that the first nine days of May is trending above what you did on those April numbers.
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: And then also if you give us a little update on what’s going on competitively out there, Wal-Mart is getting more aggressive on roll backs, we’re starting to see that roll into the beverage area a little bit are you feeling any impact from that or can you see it at all in your stores. 
Mark Wiltamuth - Morgan Stanley: And on the quarter here part of the margin performance you posted was a much better SG&A control effect you said this was one your best SG&A controlled quarters in some time, is there anything you can point to specifically that you’re doing that we could give us some comfort that that trend will continue or is it just lapping some of those health care problems. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: If we could just continue on that line of the expense control, it looks as if that 10 basis points of payroll leverage is quite good, could you remind us what happened with the renegotiations of the contracts what that implies in terms of leverage opportunity going forward. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Okay so just to be clear on the employment agreements no change, it had been, I guess we were calling it out as perhaps a BB not a silver bullet but an opportunity but it sounds as if no change there. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: And then just talking about on the you had mentioned on the earlier question a small number of items you priced at cost can you just perhaps dig into that a little bit, I know not that long ago, a year ago you got a jump on being quite aggressive and we saw traffic picked up but we also saw the impact on margins could you give us a sense as you talk about Wal-Mart as top of mind and top of center around the discussion around there with as it relates to the roll backs, what would be sort of the tipping point in terms of getting more aggressive like we saw last year. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: And the items that are down to cost in terms of could you be a little bit more specific in terms of categories where they are. 
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: You talked about a lower SKU count in the store, what’s the current number that you’re operating with. 
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: Are there any new brands or in different categories that you’re excited about, things that you’re selling now or you’re looking to get that you can talk about. 
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: And so when you look overall at the trends when some of these are naming but discretionary versus non-discretionary where do you think we are from a consumer perspective today. 
Neil Currie – UBS: I wonder if I could ask a follow-up on that question earlier about average ticket and you mentioned consumer electronics and selling less TVs, I think we spoke in the past and you’ve talked about how there’s been more of a shortage of big TVs and that’s led to better pricing potentially but lower sales, I just wondering if you could give us any view on how that’s going to change over the next six months or so, whether you see more new TV models coming into the system, whether that we should start to expect TV sales to start going up again. 
Neil Currie – UBS: So you think in the first quarter or so we should start to see them coming back in the MVM mailers. 
Neil Currie – UBS: Why is the UK so flat against other international markets, is it just economy based or is there something else going on in terms of—
