Richard Galanti: Yeah, well, I can’t give you a whole lot of information about the expectations. I can tell you a little bit about what’s happened the quarter and year-to-date. Year-to-date those components, fresh food is year-to-date. Do I have that here? The total consolidated, fresh food year-to-date was down about 22 basis points. And that includes up the -- down the 4, 5 or sub 5 this quarter. So for the first half of the year, it would have been more than that minus 22.
Richard Galanti: I think one thing that I one pointed out last is certainly I mentioned historically that we have kept the rotisserie chicken on the same price for the last two years when cost dramatically increased. We’ve seen some relief there in the last quarter and so a little over that probably, that’s one item and that’s a huge item. In terms of that -- this factor but beyond that, I mean it’s a conscious effort to -- we want competitors but we are also trying to show a little margin improvement. So that’s the only thing I could point out. In general, as it relates to inflations, we tend to be little laggard when there is some inflationary pressure. My guess is, is that when I looked at the core components, so that the food and sundry is up. That’s where there is more inflation. There is also some LIFO charge related to that. Overall, when prices are going up quickly, I also believe we have to raise them, when they were probably going to be slower than others. So again, that’s on a general basis. Overall, beyond that I know here is a whole lot to talk about in terms of trend there.
Richard Galanti: I think we’re still cross checking those numbers and want to -- that will be out of the Q. Generally speaking, the trends that you’ve seen continue, I mean, FX doesn’t play into those numbers from the standpoint of percentages because FX hits every line item on a Canadian P&L as an example. Canada continues to be more profitable that as a percent of sales than the U.S. and other international overall tends to be in that direction, skews a little bit on a smaller base of total units when they are open in Spain or we cannibalize some units in the country. But overall, I think that it’s fair to say that your columns two and three with column one being in U.S. are more profitable as a percent of sales than the U.S.
Richard Galanti: Well, I don’t know. It’s sustainable so far. I don’t know about the future. When I called out just geographically some of the members I think, California, again the ones that were -- I called out were Southeast and Midwest. California actually was a little better than the Northeast and the Northwest, pretty close to the total for the company. So overall, I think California continues to do a little better than given its maturity and size. I can’t tell you why though.
Richard Galanti: Well, when I look at, just again the various LIFO pools for U.S. inventories which is one indication -- LIFO pools of course are cost pools but the -- back-like items year-over-year. And again you start the New Year at a cost of 100.00 for everything. If I look at the -- well, I will call the foods pool. This is not fresh foods that have canned goods, cereal, all types of food items I got. That’s up a little over 2.5% from the beginning of the fiscal year. In the last quarter, in the last 12 weeks of these 36 weeks, it’s about 1.2%, so almost half of that delta. So yes, that’s into the fee change. I haven’t looked at that closely in fairness. When I look across items in terms of inflationary items, again just shooting down the list, looking at top 25, most impactful items to our LIFO calculation. There is several nuts in there, almonds, pistachios, walnuts, all the high teens to low 30s. There are seafood items. There is -- generally speaking those are types of items. There is few produce items, that tends to be item based not produce based, based on where a drought or freeze or rain was. On the deflationary side, it’s the usual suspects, the bunch of electronics. That’s a lot of the items, couple of small apparel items.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Beef overall, I think in the last -- beef prices are up 10 plus percent over the last quarter on a year-over-year basis. So yes, clearly, there is more inflation in that. I think on the poultry side, there has been some inflation. But we were successful in locking in some stuff as well.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. I don’t have in front of me. I think the last few quarters when I pointed out payroll. That’s generally been a slight benefit basis point wise, which would indicate the dollars increase a shade less than sales -- total sales increase. I think first and foremost it’s sales. I mean driving a tough line is our biggest benefit. Beyond that, there continues to be a focus of things like overtime hours, lots of little things like that. I don’t know if there is any giant process changes in the warehouse of late that I can think off.
Richard Galanti: Yes, probably little higher than some other retailers but little lower than it has been historically for us. We also probably get a little benefit from increasing penetration overseas where as a percent of sales, it is a low labor percent.
Richard Galanti: Well, I like to find out how you concluded that. First that, I think -- look they keep working it. It’s a challenge. We’ve done it for a lot of years. I think we’ve first of all done better that timing is such that they are easier to manage both by the buyers and having it essentially, usually like a week in between them to give the warehouse time to move out what remnants are left than the old MDM and being able to bring in new stuff. Again overall, every time you do an MDM, you have more experience about some thing that maybe has petered out a little bit because we have been running it every year, every six months and the things that did surprisingly well, perhaps on a regional basis that we want to push everywhere. So as you might expect, we work with our vendors on that, figuring out how to best spend that money to both, also we drive sales.
Richard Galanti: Well, Spain, so far so good. We only were there for two weeks. We’ve had good sign-ups, not like Japan and Korea but very, very good in our mind and we are pleased with the result so far in terms of sales and is growing. We have small baskets when people come in for the first time but we were pleased with the results. I really don’t want to be, chew it either way. It’s so far so good. And the last question related to IT. If you had asked me before, I’d have said minus two. A couple weeks of ago, I would have said it’s probably minus three just because it tends to be in that three to four range on average. It's probably in the minus two to minus three range next quarter but we will have to wait and see. Starting near the end of the quarter and into Q1 of ’15, there will be a couple of other projects that go online and because you depreciate -- you capitalize those and then amortize them over, typically a five-year period, sometimes little less and sometimes a little more or up to seven and generally no less than three. But usually I’d say five is a single point average. My guess is it will tweak up a little bit again. And as I’ve said, our best guesstimate over a three or so year period in terms of incremental impact to SG&A would be 10 plus basis points. And we look down, I think this is about the seventh fiscal quarter, we talked about it. And so I had an average, if you look at all of fiscal ’13, those four numbers and annualized the three quarterly numbers this year, we are probably in the 6 or 7 basis point or 5 to 7 basis point range incremental then we’d probably have another three or four to go after that. So this is guess and a decent estimate but we will wait to see.
Richard Galanti: Well, I mean, I think the areas that we’ve grown over the last year relative to prior to that have been some limited apparel items. There is some health and beauty aid items and perhaps another replenishable office items, K-Cups, health and beauty aids, some small office needs. As you are probably aware, from the first many years, many of our items were big ticket and in many cases deliverable and in some cases white-glove installed items like big screen TVs and patio furniture and swing sets and the like and certainly some of those in furniture. Some of those are still our biggest categories for, one, they have been on for longer and two, they are bigger ticket items. In our own way, we are looking to see how we can get items on there that are more regular and frequent to get people return to costco.com and I think we are doing better, a little better with signage even in the warehouse with that certain items. Somebody doesn’t want to necessarily have to shuffle it home and install it. They want to -- they are willing to pay for that delivery and certainly, our prices are very attractive even on that basis.
Richard Galanti: Well, generally speaking, newer to the company means less and less purchases. Certainly, when we get a new sign-up online because they are buying online, I would say generally, they tend to be low. I don't have exact numbers there. When we've done -- when we look at the age breakdown of our members based on how long they have been numbers or throughout the United States. And we look at new member signups through a couple of these social media things that we've done in recent months, what you would expect it to be. You’ve got a younger member signing up through LivingSocial and Zulily so. And it’s a relatively attractive cost of acquisition. So we are not going crazy here. We are taking baby steps but some of this stuff works.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. Well, that’s right behind the black curtain here. Look, at the end of the day -- first of all, I want to make another point of the previous question. As it relates to -- well, I will stop with that. Let’s get to your question first. In terms of fixed items, I mean, in retail, there are price points that are hot, I mean, the $1.50 hotdog and soda. I think we didn’t sit down when they had said, let’s decide that the rotisserie chicken should be at but its price has changed dramatically and we saw the competition raising the price. It was a hot price. Let’s take a little less margin, take a little less margin, that little or no margin. And so I think there are few examples of that extreme. Gas historically has always been an item that there are some locations where we comp shop the price three or four times a day compared to the locations nearest us. So, I mean it intends -- I think it’s just the nature of retail and the nature of what we do. We don’t sit down and kind of optimize everything. We are merchants. There are key price points and that’s how we do it.
Richard Galanti: Gas, by the way is a lot more volatile, a lot more volatile and a $12 billion or $13 billion business for us. But it's very visual out there. I mean, people -- you go to some of these apps like Gasbuddy.com. There is a reason that we are comp shopping that item in some locations three, four times a day.
Richard Galanti: Well, we’ll have to wait and see. We are not going to keep our head in the sand on it but extreme value works. And again to follow-up on the previous question, what I was going to mention was the test that we are doing will roll now in three major markets into Bay area, L.A. and New York City. Arguably those -- if you look at the age breakdown of those, it’s younger. That’s a positive. Now, I don’t think we are ever going to get your one box of Life Cereal and one box of Fruity Pebbles and two different types of half gallons of milk deliver to your doorstep at six in the morning. But there is a lot of things that we have. I mean, we’ve certainly changed, frankly expanded the items out of the locations in the Bay area and you will continue to see that. So we are excited to see what the Instacarts and the boxes are doing as customer of ours. But they are small, they are new and there is going to be lot of things. So, I think there is still a lot of reasons -- not everybody wants to just sit home and type in stuff to have it delivered in the morning, people like to go out and do stuff. We are pretty good at getting you in the warehousing. We will have to evolve over time as well. But there is certain things in our model. There is a reasonable way to sort of markup goods on average 11%, on average 11%, on arguably buying power that’s at the top of the heap in terms of strength and not always good. But we are open-minded but don’t expect us to deliver to everybody’s doorstep. If others want to, we will be happy to accommodate and help them do that with our stuff. I mentioned this last time and jokes aside, organic is getting bigger, not just for us but for everybody. But again just like we wow people in our produced numbers, numbers in our produced department, we have great quality on slightly oversized items for families. That whole organic thing is arguably. And again, I don’t think we sat down and strategically thought about it. We look at what items work well and price of things and when it works, we really go after it. We’ve seen surprisingly good success on organic and produce and fresh meat, fresh ground beef. And the challenge is the supply, frankly. There is not enough supply but if we can show great value, we will figure it out.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, the level of economics are still on an item basis. As we said, there is less supply. We just don’t put it in normal locations and we love to have twice as much in some locations. But items live and die around here since the beginning of time -- since 30 years ago and certainly some of these organics are really starting to take off. I think so far one of the benefits that we think we had, I think I mentioned this before, not only in some cases, I think I’ve used like the fresh ground beef example of organic. It’s a higher price point. We get a slightly better or full margin -- by our definition full margin, because it’s not football everyday out there in every supermarket chain. And to our pleasant surprise, 75%, 80% of these sales in this new item was truly incremental. It was existing members that didn’t buy ground beef at Costco because they did buy organic and so it was incremental. And so these are all small examples, but they are going to grow over time.
Richard Galanti: Well, I don’t have exact numbers in front of us, but we are in a well-penetrated, very successful market, like LA or parts of Virginia, New York. You might have and what we look at is during the eight to 12 weeks prior to opening when you’ve got the parking lot partially done and there are some tabling activities outside where people kind of sign-up. You might have as few as 3,000 or 4,000 new sign-ups through those eight or 12 weeks. In a new small market, like somewhere in the Southeast like Louisiana, Baton Rouge or New Orleans, or Knoxville couple of years ago, you might have 8,000 to 12,000 because even though it’s a much smaller market, it’s new. We’ve had some extreme examples during those first many weeks prior to opening day of 30,000 to 40,000 members in some of the Asia countries. It’s somewhere in between there, Spain and Australia, so better than the U.S., but you know again the benefit is when you open it up in LA, Huntington Beach a few years ago or something like that, you may have fewer new signups where you are getting a lot, you get existing members in your shop more frequently because they got a unit 10 or 15 minutes from their home instead of 30 minutes.
Richard Galanti: Well, theoretically, our plan is to put it wherever we can and make sense. I don’t know if I know off the top of my head where else it’s going. Currently we have US, Canada, UK, and Mexico, and I know we are looking at couple of countries, but I am not sure let’s say when I guess in the next year or two we will have at least one more country. Part of it of course based on size, number of warehouses and number of members in that country, and you would want to get a handful of offerings going to be able to go with a handful of offerings to start with. I don’t think the delta one is as we open, there is probably a little more sales penetration in some of those new markets. There is international markets where we don’t have it, that probably impacted a little bit. I am not terribly concerned. It’s generally been in the 1 or 2 basis point delta year-over-year in terms of how that reward impacted. This time it was zero. I don’t know off the top of my head. I haven’t heard anything or sees anything at the monthly budget meetings about any concern about that. If anything, we are continuing -- my one surprise yesterday or a couple of days ago looking at these numbers was the fact that we probably -- the 25,000 or 26,000 new Executive members, new and converted Executive members per week during the quarter is a little higher, certainly a lot higher than Q2, I think a little higher on average than the last several quarters on average. So we still get lot of people to convert and that’s good.
Richard Galanti: I think it would be similar to this year, 30, maybe a little -- hopefully a little 30 plus you know. I think I mentioned this year, if we get to the 30 from the 17 in the US, it’s a little more than half, I would guess half, is it 45% to 52% or something next year, not 55%, but overall we still think we’ve got opportunity in the U.S. and in Canada and every market that are extremely well penetrated. And we definitely have the pipeline more fill overseas now. If I have to guess, it would be a number north of 30 and south of 34.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think you mentioned some of the mix, it’s merchandising, it’s quality, it’s quantity relative to price, it’s extreme value. Arguably our demographics is -- I don’t think you need to be an economist to understand that our demographic has probably been impacted less than the lower demographic retailers. Clearly gas brings you to the parking lot. Our fresh foods is a signature category and fresh foods is something, if jokes aside, if you like our rotisserie replacement or our whole meal replacement items or any of those great fresh food items or organic produce, that’s the reason for you to come in. If you walk by the sweaters and the batteries and the patio furniture and the activewear, you are going to buy some more stuff. So we think that again delivering small quantities of stuff to home is not free. Ultimately somebody has got to pay for it. And if we are going to lose sales over time some of that, we will figure out how to not lose as much and how to drive sales in other ways. I mean I think we have been pretty good at that. But starting with average markup of average gross margin of 11%, which is nobody comes close to that, I think we will be pretty good, but we are also open. I mean, we are not trying to put any fluff in it. We like the fact that it’s being exciting to work with Google to look with opportunities to drive business that might go somewhere else. Some of these other new companies that are doing things and using us as part of their platform to pick up and deliver the numbers at a small cost, that’s great. So we will keep figuring that out, hopefully there is also some items that we only have and start -- usually that starts with the name Kirkland Signature or some crazy items that we only have that somebody bragged about that, they can get at Costco, whether it’s some incredible price on branded handbag or bicycle or kayak or whatever. So there is all kinds of reasons to come at Costco.
Richard Galanti: Well, I get back to the question is if somebody is going to take that business, we would rather take it. We also recognized that, I’ll call the good old days when you only had one -- there was no such thing as the Internet, you only had one choice if you wanted to get that TV or that patio furniture at that price, you either find a friend with a pickup truck or go get a U-Haul and get it home. You had choices now and so we do believe that we are selling some of those items that would not have been involved in store, not everybody is going to take those items home that way. So we have to change with the times there, but we also recognized we also have to get you in on increasingly hopefully increasingly frequent basis. So you pass by all those items that you go wild, and I think so far we’ve done pretty well at that.
Richard Galanti: Executive membership is a good chunk of it. On an international basis, again I have to analyze little more. There is more sign-ups per location, although in some countries converted into dollars, it’s a little less than 55. And of course, we don’t have 110 in some of those countries. So I think it’s probably the fact that we do get more sign-ups internationally is probably the biggest reason.
Richard Galanti: I don’t know. I mean, we don’t talk about it a lot. We like the fact that the new markets is recognizing. These new markets are also much smaller percentage of our total company. Thus we’re to just drive business and drive signups. And we can worry about a little of that later. And so we look at it every year or so but spend all of about 10 minutes, look you had it and we’ll see in the future. I mean, I don’t see any preferred plans and making any major changes out there.
Richard Galanti: I know, yes, I think that’s not here on page 1, it looks 25 line page. I mean, the first order of business is opening units and getting into work right. And even in very successful countries and even with the support of its parents in the U.S., us, when you’re going from 9 to now 20 units in Japan over two years. And going from three to six locations in Australia and a little over a year and a half, there is challenges. Nothing major, believe me, I think we have some -- every week, there is somebody from one of my departments going over to help out on something somewhere, which is good. But the same time, you always have some growing pains with that kind of stuff.
Richard Galanti: Actually benefits the workers comp. I think workers comp was actually flatter slight, a very slight improvement year-over-year as percent. Benefit was the bigger culprit.
Richard Galanti: I think its like four and one, plus four and minus one. But benefits workers comp, we can always summarize together.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. The one thing that helps it, I mean, we read about hospital cost or becoming less inflationary in the U.S. We -- and I talked to few other different types of companies at a recent meeting outside the Costco and we’re not seeing below as low numbers. I think maybe on a per charge at a given hospital or a given doctor, something’s might me lower if its only through the Medicare system as example. But some of the things that have been added like up to 26 year old instead of 18 to 22 based on if your kid is in college or not, your dependants, on mental and medical health priority no limits. There is -- all these things have added, 1 and 1.5 percentage points to already large number. The thing that’s frankly can help us more than that whether inflation is 5% or 10% or 3% and certainly if it comes down in the mid-to-lower single-digits that’s a positive for us. But the bigger thing is the increasing penetration outside the United States, where healthcare cost as a percent of sales, respect to sales in that countries is lot less.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. Again, I used the extreme example of the chicken. Again, we went from two years of an item that arguably represents several hundred million in sales of having very little of any margin to indicating that as underlying costs have come down a little bit, we didn’t change the price. But we improved the margin a little bit. Its one item that probably impacted us incrementally by 3 or more basis points over the last couple of years and is now hoping in this some of that’s reversing, not all of it.  And we’ll get a little increasing penetration overseas, helped you a little bit. I can feel that we don’t try to get lower margin. We try to get lower prices but we still look to see where we get low.
Richard Galanti: I think from the last budget meeting, there was some switch from beef to poultry as you would not expect with the rising prices with beef. I don’t have exact number. And I look at overall fresh fruits margin. Again accounts like would be for all down but dollar is up bigger surprise. I don’t know if somebody had checked that detail.
Richard Galanti: And the pictures that I saw, there are certainly some unique local items of Spain and Europe. But generally speaking, the many of pictures that I saw, looked a lot like Costco that you would see. As you might expect, like any opening and certainly as a new opening in a new country, there are probably a lot of hot non-fruit items where we’re able to pursue merchandize and really show great value of exciting stuff. But I’m shooting from the hip with this answer.
Richard Galanti: No, that negative related to how it was versus the year before that. But we now start with that base of cost, if you will a year ago and really start with basis at the beginning of this fiscal year. And so how do prices trend? Again, using an index of 100.00 at beginning of times zero at the beginning of fiscal year and let say through the end of the third quarter I mentioned as an example like what I will call the food sundries pool, or what we call the foods pool, which is canned goods and cereals and things like that. From the beginning of fiscal year, it was up 2.6%. If they go up or down a little in Q4 from that 102.6% number. It might be -- if we went down a tenth, it would be a LIFO credit in the quarter, even though there was a small offset to the big LIFO charge year to date for the first three quarters. So it's really, if you think about it, what’s going to happen in Q4 is what the index was for all the pools at Q3 and what it will be 16 weeks in.
Richard Galanti: While, there is not a whole lot of stock option exercises. In fact, they are using the treasury stock method, that’s kind of impulsive in the number anyway for options. If you have a big in-the-money option, which are remaining small amount of options that were granted in ’05 I believe, so they expire in ’15, ’04 and ’05 should expire this year and next year. We’re down to a very few left, like if you’ve had a, making the math simple, if you had a $40 exercise price on a $120 stock price. For every option out there, you would exercise three of them and then buy one share back, so that would be a net increase of two shares. So that kind of number is not a big number. We’ve bought stock during the quarter, relatively speaking, proportional during the course of the period. So it was 1.6 million shares and my guess is that the rough subtraction to the total shares outstanding would be about a half a number of about 800,000. We said that calculation only went down 100,000. It would be some additional vesting since then on our issues. And to a very, very small extent, to the extent the stock price was a little higher versus a quarter ago and I don’t know if it was or wasn’t, that would maybe impacted a fair shape. But the big things would be roughly adding 800 and then subtracting -- I mean, subtracting 800 and then adding some due to just ongoing vesting of previous grants.
Richard Galanti: No, other than we started. Again, I don't want to be cute or coy. We continue to buy a little but we’re not suggesting that. If you took the exact -- those nine weeks times, those shares, I think you get to a number in the $910 million year range. I don’t know if it will be less or more and more than that next quarter on an annualized basis but it could be a little less, we’ll just see. It’s probably either less or little more but not a whole lot different. We will see.
Richard Galanti: Yes, generally because there was clearly skewed because of Spain. To the extent that we opened more international, they tend to be a little higher. Assuming, we open in France next year and again, we don’t know when they’ll happen. There will be another real tick upward in that quarter.
Richard Galanti: Well, I mean, I know we’re looking at another countries to open and countries where we operate. But I don’t know if it’s a -- we haven’t stated anything about when.
Greg Melich - ISI Group: Hi, thanks. , I wanted to follow up on the membership fee income. If my math is right, it was up a little over 7% in local currencies and so, is that right? About 3% per club.
Greg Melich - ISI Group: But you think Executive is still a bigger portion of that than international if you had to then we will follow-up…
Greg Melich - ISI Group: Got it. And then benefits trend looks like it sort of an ongoing thing as opposed to anything that ….
