Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, in Canada, I think it’s a couple of reasons. If you think back 5 or so years ago or even 10 years ago when we had probably 65, 70 units, we thought the market might be 91 day and today we have 90 or 91 and we think that they will certainly be over 100 and we keep adding a few to that concept. I think the fact that we are opening so many right now has to do with as much with very strong sales over the last few years. We have been enjoying 5% to 9% comps in local currency in each of the last few years up there and so it keeps getting stronger. And just like in the U.S. and even in mature markets, we find that we can – while there will be some cannibalization, the net business that’s added when we opened a unit even though it’s cannibalizing, net of cannibalization will find that existing members will then be shopping more frequently, because they are closer. And so I think it’s a combination of those things. And I don’t know what the new 5 or 10-year guesstimate is in Canada. I don’t think we can open 7 a year, but once we decided to go to look and see where we are going and how strong we have been, we have been – this is the result of probably an effort that started over a year ago to put a few more in the pipeline up there. In terms of the U.S., I think the same story holds true If you had ask us 5 years or so years ago, by now how many would be in the U.S. versus outside the U.S. and we would have said probably we would be down from 75% or 80% in the U.S. to 50% and heading south of there is we saturate. We found in the U.S. that we can put more units in existing markets. I think we are getting, in a couple of months, we are getting ready to open our 17th or so unit in the Puget Sound, having opened our 16 or unit just less than a year ago. And the other thing of course, in the U.S. that we have perhaps up to our expectation is markets that 5 years or so years ago we didn’t think we would have any near-term interest in considering medium sized markets where our direct competition was there. And what we have found is we have done pretty well when we go to these markets. Now some of these markets are smaller, it takes a little longer, but there is clearly an opportunity for us there and as we have gone into Tulsa and New Orleans and Birmingham and Rochester and lots of – and Toledo, these are markets that again, were higher on the radar 7 years or 8 years ago. And what we have seen is that our deal works. The last thing of course, includes adding to some of the business centers. For many years we only had six or eight or so business centers. We opened four last year to be at 11 and we are planning to open four this year to be at 15 including our first business center in Canada. And so again, that just adds a few in both the Canada question and the U.S. question. It includes that opportunity on a small basis. And a side on that is, I think as I have mentioned, I think two of the four relos this year were – two of the four business center openings this year were relos. One in back in many of your [indiscernible] when we took an older, smaller parking lot, no gas station, Hackensack Costco and relocated it to Teterboro nearby with the big sized unit with lots of great parking, great ingress in the U.S. and a gas station and converted the Hackensack unit into the business center, so just a small additional benefit in terms of having a use for units as we moved some of those to bigger locations. So all that’s I think been part of it.
Richard Galanti: Well, some of those things that you threw out is possible ways to use that parts of this bucket of money. We do all of those anyway. And I think probably the best, simplest answer is that just like when we buy a physical product better lower we can buy whether it’s lower freight, greater purchasing power or greater production efficiencies or whatever we figure out with our supplier, we generally wanted 80% or 90% of that, the vast majority of it given back to the customer in terms of lower price because that’s what drives us and drives our business. And if we do it more next year, we will give 80% or 90% of that back. It’s not an exact number, but it’s well closer to 80% or 90%. That same MO and philosophy occurred here. So when we sat down and negotiated all the various levers that relate what I call this bucket of money, there is a lot of ways one can use it, most importantly by improving the reward on the cards to the member that’s going to utilize it. That will drive value to that member and loyalty to us and also more business to us. And secondly, what’s left over and when we originally did it, we did it such that we are going to keep a small amount of it. Now, to the extent – we are not going to change the rewards program every afternoon if we see that there is more money in the bucket. So that will additionally accrue to us, but it’s not changing what you are doing with it. We are going to still do those other things. So again I think over time, you look at it and you can rest assured in a few years if the success of the card and the economics of the card to us, we are not going to allow ourselves to keep a lot of that extra, but we started with a small amount and the big bucket is good and it is a little better because the card is working in direction that we expected, that’s good. And we are still going to do those other things anyway.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Well I think first of all, I think first of all there is – first one, when I asked different buyers and different merchandise categories, their view is it’s going to be three months to six more months. Recognizing these are also gasses, I mean they are perhaps educated, unless you know there is something specifically happening like you are anniversary-ing the bird flu or your anniversary-ing really high feed prices on the commodity side. Sometimes there is a little more predictability on that side. But beyond that, I would say probably best guess is five months or six months of continued deflation at these newer levels in some cases. Gas, who the heck knows.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Bob is here. Barring any major changes out there, you would see an inflection point probably in. More neutralism.
Richard Galanti: I have to get back to you on that and I will give you some sound points, if you will. Some of it, I mean there are so many examples particularly like in meat. You have seen every month at the budget meeting where we will have literally a 10 or so percentage point dropped in the price per pound and a 4 or 5 – 3% or 4% or 5% increase in labor productivity per pound and less efficiency because of the fact that the price per pound went down much more than that. And so that’s the kind of stuff that hits your profitability, of course too. There is – if I look at – there is some interesting things going on with some commodities. I was just looking at a chart coffee, the average – these are average sales but it’s consistent with average cost, down 16%. A lot of things, in the certain – cheeses are down 10% to 20%. I believe eggs are way down right now. And so those things are all impacting you. Now it impacts you on selling eggs, it helps you a little bit in selling muffins because we are obviously changing 6 impact a month and from making the numbers. We sold them for but $5.99 down 5$.89. And so you are going to – I would say the net of those twos is still a detriment to us. By the way, what I mentioned earlier about late fall, that had to do specifically with gas. We will see the inflection point, it looks like we are going to see an inflection point with gas all things being equal out there in the next couple of months.
Richard Galanti: As it relates to the first question, absolutely. We probably saw it biggest and something that the millennials don’t buy, affiliates. We saw a big decline for a few weeks leading up to it and big increase right afterwards. Also, on big ticket, but generally speaking, jokes aside on millennials, across the board we saw improving bigger ticket purchases, which again that make sense, people are waiting. Now there is all types of movement in both directions. You had existing – a member with existing Visa cards in his or her wallet and maybe they are using that one, not ours, that’s fine. We still have a negotiated good rate on certain things. You have people that were using debit their whole lives because they perhaps did not want an American Express card or they applied for one and did not get one. And so for 16 years, they used cash, check and debit. Now, for the first time, they can use a credit card and I am sure that’s where we saw many of these new signups as well or part of them, but in terms of are they buying more with us? Anecdotally, we are hearing that from our warehouse managers who talk with their biggest wholesale customers, but it’s purely anecdotal at this juncture and I think we will see more of it. I haven’t actually looked any statistics on that.
Richard Galanti: Well, certainly there is certain costs were subsidized in the transition from our partners. But at the end of the day, there – yes, I mentioned I think when I was going through the SG&A, payroll and benefits for our company, were up year-over-year in the quarter in SG&A. And that was somewhat offset by and I said in particular, rounded up into anything related to this credit card transition. So, yes, there is improvement related to that.
Richard Galanti: No, it has more I think to do with a little bit of cannibalization in a couple of those countries where you have got 10 or 12 locations in Korea and Taiwan or I think we had a cannibalization in Australia as well, but one location take a $200 million or $300 million building down $70 million, $80 million and that’s what’s in your comp, not the new building. So, that has much to do with it as anything. We feel really good about our markets. We feel very good. And as we have said, the one market that has been – we start, we remind ourselves that there is a time when we were going to close Korea and Taiwan and they are our most and almost our most profitable productive countries and locations. And we have talked about our first unit in Syria [ph], got off to a slow start. It’s growing nicely now. Madrid got off to a much better start and it’s growing nicely. And so, again, we are patient, but in terms of that other international comp number, I would guess and I don’t have the detail in front of me, but what I have seen before is in recent times is that it’s cannibalization more than anything.
Richard Galanti: I hope it doesn’t abate. That means we are working hard to get more openings there. These are generally no-brainer locations in terms of very predictable successful locations for us. We feel we have developed a great franchise over there with great loyalty and great success and we would like to do it a little more if we can. We are working hard to get more locations in both Korea and Taiwan as an example. And it just takes a long time in Taiwan and longer than a long time in Korea because of zoning and other restrictions and it rains on everybody and other big boxes in those community – in those areas have the same impact.
Richard Galanti: Yes. And again, this is very early. We have seen in the tens of thousands of signups or people that were members that signed up because of activities in Citi branches and bank branches. And we have seen from the blogs, of course, the first few weeks of the blogs always saw, was about the 30 minute waiting times or longer and other hassles like that. But the reality is we have seen, I would say, it’s still a small percentage, what I mentioned there was 703,000 new accounts, I would guess well less than 100,000, but 50,000 to 100,000, I am guessing, would be that. A lot of it has to do with existing members that we are seeing the value of that card when they walk in.
Richard Galanti: We are doing that already. But maybe we are not doing a good enough job. But there is nothing else that we are doing right now and when I say that to our partners as well, because they are doing some things as well, but we are getting the word out in a big way in the warehouse with handouts, with signage, with people, the word is getting out. And we are, again, as I mentioned earlier, we are beating our own expectations of what we had planned for these initial 14 weeks, if you will. And so we feel pretty good about it.
Richard Galanti: Yes, it’s really hard to tell. I mean, arguably, there is probably 50 different factors that impact sales everyday and every week and every month. And we look at – try to look at the big picture here. We feel very good about what we are doing in merchandising wise. We feel very good about what we have seen with the crossover to this. Our view has been we don’t think that many people left Costco, because they can’t use their American Express card. American Express is a great brand and it was a great relationship for many years. But at the end of the day, they are coming to Costco because of our quality in our value. And when we look around and as you would well know, we get a lot of questions all the time, well, are we impacted by the Internet, losing some? The internet is taking from everybody. Our view is it takes a little less from us. And interestingly, when you look at the categories within our slightly lower sales over the last couple of few months, the categories that have buffed that trend have been discretionary nonfood categories like apparel and housewares and electronics. So, now when we look at food and sundries, we absolutely do not believe its delivery services. We do absolutely believe its deflation more than anything. But again, everybody takes a little piece of something. It’s a little piece that we would rather have ourselves or not lose. But again, we feel good about what initiatives we have got going on. And again, when I talk about the new card being a reward to the member based on their previous spending habits, 40% to 50% greater reward, that’s big. When I talk about going from 1% to 2% on Costco purchases when they use that card, that’s big and it’s not big overnight where they just change their habits completely. You will see at first in business members and that’s where we have seen it. Mind you, during the transition, there was probably a little loss of sales for some of those business members in some cases. I am sure American Express didn’t around not doing anything. They are good at what they do and they were able to figure out how to get people, they are marketing elsewhere. But we think that our members at Costco, primarily for us, I think again it’s a lot of different things or different factors and again, having gone to our budget meeting forever but having gone every four weeks, just to name with the last few, some of the initiatives I see going on, merchandising wise, I think we got a lot of good things going on. Not that we are trying to solve a problem from yesterday, it’s what we do everyday.
Richard Galanti: Well first of all, I don’t see us – yes, we are doing some things anyway and are we doing more things, absolutely. But we are not freaking out about it. We are recognizing – we recognized that we are not going to be the provider. We may be the provider to somebody that wants to deliver like an Instacart or Google Express, but we are not going to be dropping off small items and our prices at your doorstep. That being said, we are, we have and we continue to add things. On the merchandise initiative side, we have added various sundries items and health and beauty items and on the apparel, trying to get to a more treasure hunt. I think you are going to see big differences literally in the next several weeks of the types of hot items that you see on there on the non-food side in the treasure hunt. On the – I think that’s probably the biggest thing you will see. Operationally, there is a few things. We are by no means, we are one click. We recognize our site has had some challenges. You are going to see in the next few months a big improvement in the number of clicks. You are going to see in the next six months or eight months, some big improvement on search. You are getting much streamlined returns process. We have never been big on convenience. Our success has been based on pricing value, quality and quantity at the lowest possible price. We do appreciate that value also is convenience. We are going to greatly improve what we do, but it doesn’t mean we are going to get something to you in tow hours. And I think again though, when I look at some of the things that we are doing internally, I am not trying be cute here, but there is something I can’t talk about yet. You will see some differences and mostly the differences are from an offensive standpoint, not a defensive standpoint. But we look at our core business of getting you in the store still is paramount to what we want to do.
Richard Galanti: I wasn’t going to bring that up only because I don’t want to sound defensive. But there were two things last year in electronics that were big. The iPhone 6 launch last year was huge and the iPhone 7 launch was not as huge. And the other thing is last year was, the introduction of the Windows 10 and there are two things. Prior to a year ago comparison, a few months prior to that, people were waiting for the Windows 10 launch and so you had a lot of pent-up demand and the launch itself and compared to a year later. So those two things alone were part of that. That’s frankly I think one of the bigger things. But again, I think as I have said jokingly, have seriously and have jokingly in the past, some of the things that we haven’t done historically gives us the great opportunity to do these. And there are still some blocking and tackling like couple of things that I just mentioned. We have greatly improved our delivery, but it was from bad to better. It still takes too long and again, we are not going to get something to you in two hours. But you can see some logistically some things. And then on handling returns, particularly big ticket returns, we haven’t done a good job of that and that’s already in process. So you will see some changes that will help. The biggest thing though is going to be the merchandise initiatives. And again I think, you are going to see, we have added items and we are adding some items but we are not trying to figure out what 20,000 additional items because that’s not what we are going to do. But there will be velocity items or repetitive items in the sundries area as well. And you are right, when you look on your radar screen price is not way up there. But I challenge anybody on the call to compare the exact branded items and a big basket of them not just an occasional loss leader or some retailer or .com may have out there, you are going to see yes, it is a lot of savings here, but you will be shocked how much savings. And again, we recognize also we have got to move a little direction and we are doing that.
Richard Galanti: Well, the gas was $0.04. So last year, we had very strong gas prices, no worries. The year earlier in Q4, we had very strong gas profits. So that’s why a year ago, we didn’t really talk a lot about. This year, we actually beat our own internal budget by a little – a little from the beginning of the year, but again it was $0.04 lower this year, $0.04 this year than it was in Q4 a year ago. Generally, when prices go down, while it impacts some of these basis point percentage calculations, we make more money. When it goes up, we make a little less money although I would say, for the last couple of years, there has been a new normal. When prices went down, our view is as retail gas, overall, they would lower their prices but not as much as they could have. And we lowered it more than that and we are still able to benefit a little from it. So that was a positive. I think yes, it’s the value proposition more than anything that gets people in our parking lot. And we are helped by the gas buddies out by .coms out there, the 2 years they have done it. And then the 4% rebate. There is a lot of different promotional things at the majors out there whether it’s $0.10 a gallon off, 4% is big. As the price per gallon goes up, 4% gets bigger. And so I think that will be positive for us as well. But if you have been through our gas stations, when you have got, in some cases, 20 pumps now pumping at the same time and the lines move fast but there will be six people in each line. That not only drives the success of the gas business, but 51 or so of those people for every hundred come in and even if one them is incremental, that’s good for us.
Richard Galanti: I don’t know if we do that, but I know that it continues to be higher than the U.S. average. And my guess, I will get back to the answer in a minute, somebody is looking up for me. I believe it’s in the mid-singles. It’s in the mid-singles unless I say otherwise.
Richard Galanti: Well, the biggest ones would be protein. And you have got some other things, I was looking at my sheets here, hold on a second and this was just year-over-year, this past month. Walnuts were down 47%. That’s our sell price. And I am sorry, that’s our cost. Now a year ago, they had doubled from the prior year. So they were kind of back where they were, almonds down 38%, whole eggs, down 54%, large eggs, down 53%. I am just looking down the sheet of the top 50 items. So those things, particularly things like eggs really add up. On the inflation page, just for fun, nothing. Well I mean, there are some 20s and 30s, but if I look at the top 25 or so items, just in the last four weeks of the fiscal year, regular unleaded gasoline was down 12.8%. And it was over $3.5 million of credit, if you will, to LIFO. We don’t book it every month like that, but that would have been $3 million. So, the biggest items on the deflation sheet add to the LIFO credit of $2 million to $3.5 million, $2 million to $4 million. The biggest items on the inflationary sheet at $300,000 to $500,000 of LIFO charge. So again, it gives you a sense of where it’s going. Again, another data point is the U.S. inventories at LIFO, that’s an U.S. accounting concept. That was in the indices where you start off for costs on the exact items at the beginning of the fiscal ‘16 at 100.00 and was to go to. Food was down 2.25% with half of that, about 0.5% being just in the last couple of months. Sundries was about down at less than 0.5% and not terribly changed in the last 3 months. Apparel, almost right at the same 100.00 a year ago, almost right there. Computers, I expect down little under 2%. So, it’s all over the board. Again, so you have extreme categories like meat which is high volume, but meat is also, we turn it so much faster. It has a higher churn. It turns, I would think, more than 52x a year where if you have – that’s a deflationary item. If you have an inflationary item that is turning 8 times in nonfoods, that’s going to be a different story. That’s how it impacts the business.
Richard Galanti: I didn’t have that in front of me. It was not as big. I would guess I think it was in the 3 to – low to mid-singles, back yes.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Look, we will still have an impact as it hits the SG&A this year and probably into next year. I see pushing it out a year. I guess, the amount I push it out keeps getting shorter. It used to be a couple of years I push it out and then a year and hopefully every 6 months, but we are seeing deliverables. We are seeing lights at the end of the tunnel. Our single biggest, most expensive piece, which is the platform on which all the legacy buying systems and transportation systems is there in the process of being rewritten and improved. And I think you will get some real savings from some of those things. I know you will. And the first order of business is getting this in place. And so these are big chunks, but I know I can tell you when that inflection point was going to be. Couple of years ago, let’s say, at the end of ‘14, I would guess that some time in late ‘16 early ‘17. Today, I would say some time in ‘18, probably. And if it is a little longer, it’s because we have got more things that we are doing, not because anything screwed up. We have already gotten past a lot of the scrubber. We know we are spending money on and we are seeing some deliverables and there is more to do.
Richard Galanti: Thank you for reminding me. No, I didn’t call you to remind me. We expect organic to be up 20% this year. Now, some of that will be some cannibalizing of some traditional, conventional, but no, it’s the perfect items for us, because it’s our member. It helps us with millennials on top of that. We get that. It creates a bigger competitive pricing mode, because we have as good, if not better quality at much better pricing. In terms of supply, I think the supply is starting to catch up with the demand out there and I think that some of the – you have heard me talk in the past about many of our global sourcing initiatives, I think that’s going to continue to help us and make it more competitively advantageous to us. We have long-term relationships that we have had for a while now and have continued to build and there is going to be pockets of supply issues on different items sometimes, but overall, we are doing a lot in that regard ourselves whether it’s produce, with farmers, seafood, poultries, you name it.
Richard Galanti: It will be U.S. and Canada. We will say we can’t say anything or give any direction on it other than you are right, every 5 or 6 years, we have done something. I think the exact fifth anniversary in the last time would be this January and the sixth anniversary will be the following January – this November and the next November will be the sixth anniversary. Early this year, we have simply just said is we are going to get through the credit card conversion first, which we have now done. And the only other comments I have made in the past is that when we look at our member loyalty, the impact the previous increases had on renewal rates and anything like that, it’s really a non-issue. And when we do it, we of course use it to be more competitive. So, it becomes a few year benefit not a one-time benefit. And but that all being said, we will let you know when we know. We haven’t made any decisions yet and we haven’t talked about it a lot internally. We actually tell you when we do things.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Although, I believe again there is different pieces, I would get it all pretty just straightforward and simple, what is our effective merchant fee. Unfortunately, it doesn’t all go into the SG&A line. There are certain items that benefit sales. I believe Bounty is one of them. So, Bounty goes to sales, which improves your margin a little bit. So, that might be a couple of basis points in there. I haven’t calculated it out. But yes, some of the offset, again, we are talking a small piece of a big bucket is still decent to us, but we are only in it for a few months.
Richard Galanti: Yes, we do. It reaches the top of the scale every year. Every 3 years, we announce what it’s going to be to our employees for the next three Marches. This past March we also in the U.S. and Canada raised the bottom of scale by $1.50. So, $11 50 went to – $11 went to $12.50 – no, $11.50 went to $13 and $12 went to $13.50. Just that piece, the $1.50 at the bottom scale was I believe $39 million a year, we get 40 – call it $40 million a year. That would be March to March, so through the early weeks of Q3 – through the first month of Q3.
Richard Galanti: I will be able to give more color on that in the next quarter. What I can tell you is one of the assumptions going into this we want this card just like we wanted our previous co-brand card to be our members top of wallet card. They are not only using it here, they are using it everywhere. The fact that historically I could not use my other card, in my case, my local drycleaner or my little local restaurant, if it is your top of wallet, there are more places you can use it. That grows that small merchant whoever card is being used at that small merchant, they pay a higher merchant fee. There is this whole equation of co-branding and revenue share helps us. And so I believe we are already above what we were on the old card in terms of outside to inside spend. It’s higher than it was after growing, increasing it over a period of time, but we would have expected that. We certainly hoped it, but we have expected it. I don’t think we necessarily knew what to expect to start with and we probably are little pleasantly surprised that it’s already over that amount. And I think it will continue to grow. Yes, I mean, Bob was familiar that we cannot jump to conclusions on this. It’s all 14 weeks old. And as it relates to new people that signed up, again, it’s in the tens of thousands out of that 730,000, it’s not 100,000, it’s not 200,000. And I actually haven’t even looked at the data on those. So, another good comment that Bob is making, it’s been 14 weeks, some of them signed up last week or 2 weeks ago, I guess.
Richard Galanti: I believe it was the same. It was $47 million versus $50 million, but it is the same percentage increase.
Richard Galanti: Well, again we have our limits by the way on some of those realities. I think for long time, again, convenience wasn’t a word we even thought about. There are certain things we are not prepared to do, again, so smaller sizes in our pricing and have everything in the world available to you. Part of our strength is what we do. I think going forward even with millennials when our successor again it didn’t start by 7 or 10 years ago, us sitting around on the table and saying how are we going to go after this new generation that want this staff? We have great merchants and great operators in 8 different regions in the U.S. and elsewhere and they are out there trying things. And every month has got better, in this case, the Bay Area region, their compatriot sought another – tries things in other regions. We turn around and nobody can benefit as much and do it as good as well as we do and so I don’t think we sat around strategically by saying how do we go after them and evolved into that? Now, that we are there though, what else can we do for them and whether it’s food items or other things? We also look – our membership marketing people have done a study recently in our presentation recently and it showed whatever the previous generation was before, it was a gen whatever and I know I am one of those baby boomers, which is not a baby anymore. Our average age versus the U.S. population just in 3 or 4 years has come down 2 years from a 4-year gap to a 2-year gap. Our goal is not necessarily get it to a zero gap. Our goal is to drive more business. When we look at the age group of millennials versus that same age group when the previous generation was that age, they are buying a little less, but not a lot less. When we look at what we did and these are again data points or sound bytes, but when we did look what we did 2.5 years ago on LivingSocial and now we have a full year of renewals on them. It was very interesting. Clearly, we would have expected more of those people to be millennials that signed up on that LivingSocial 10 or 12-day initiative that we did. And that was correct. What we were surprised at is that they actually shopped a little more frequently while a little less each time, but the aggregate of those two, they bought more over that year a little more, I mean, in the low single-digits, but there was more. It didn’t have a bracket around it. And they renewed at a slightly higher rate. Now, then the walk in people that same months that would come in on their own just signed up, just walking together and the people that are walked in were on average a little older about 10 to 15 percentage point fewer penetration of millenials. And so that was encouraging to us. So while there is certainly extreme example in New York and the Bay Area and Teck there is a lot of people that still aren’t embarrassed to tell they shop in-store and we got to have a lot of reasons to get you there. I am also excited of what we see we are going to be doing on .com, but I am not suggesting it’s going to be trying to get your dinner there delivered to your doorstep if you have ordered by noon, that’s not going to be us.
Richard Galanti: No look, we look at all these things, we block and tackle everyday. I am very excited about our merchandising initiatives in store as well. I am excited about some of the global sourcing stuff we are doing. We come back from our every four week budgeting meeting. We got some deep stuff coming out. I am excited, it’s small but anyhow being able to sell directly SK-II and a heck of a lot of it in terms of the total marketing of that product and people are talking about it. And again, over 90% of our members coming into Costco buy a fresh food item. So they are coming there. Those are kind of things, how do we get you in store, because we get you in store you are going to buy a lot more than – we see that even with Google Express. That customer shop a few less times in the store, shop several more times online as well, do both. They will buy a little more over the course of the year, but they are buying a lot more each time when they go in store, because they see all that stuff. And so that’s what we kind of keep doing. I think the value thing, I would encourage to look at some – do your own pricing study of exact like items, maybe you got to adjust for quantity, because you got to buy 128 or something, 124 something instead of 24 or something. But at the end of the day, you will be going to shocked, the difference in pricing, not just here and so we think we got a lot of things going on for us. We have no allusion though that the Internet is going away or that we should do more of it online our self as well. But clearly, we feel good about what we are doing in store and what we are going to continue to drive that business.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think your big hit is going to be in the first three months or four months. And really, my guess is through Christmas, because there is going to be a lot of people buying more items, more bigger ticket items during that period of time. There will be additional initiatives like there were for 16 years whether it’s tabling activities or other marketing pieces, that we will continue to do. I made a comment probably six months ago on one of these calls. In its own way, we think that this could be, in a way, a gift that keeps on giving. The value proposition of what we sell is great. Some of the new things that we have done merchandising wise whether it is our ticket not only the Costco tickets for events done in Southern California as the test, I am talking about the ticketing programs that we have in-store, the ever-increasing quality of our fresh foods, what we have done in apparel. There is a lot of things going on that I think will help us. And again I think the credit card, the new value proposition is – new value proposition will be one of them. When you think about the fact that effectively on virtually everything, you can get 4% off of Costco, between if you are an executive member and use the co-branded Costco, Citi Visa Anywhere card. For a company that markets its goods up 10% or 12% and I would think that we considered we can buy pretty well and put all our purchasing power in 3,700 items and then give you back up to 4% of that. That’s a pretty good value and we have seen that anecdotally in a big way already from businesses. And I think we will continue to see it.
Richard Galanti: We did. Again, it’s more dinner party discussion. We saw the biggest area we saw was hearing aids, a lot of things and of course that’s not millennials. But – and the other thing would be big ticket electronics and the like. And my guess is in the case of the hearing aids, I wouldn’t be surprised since there is a direct Costco employee member conversation eye to eye. I wouldn’t be surprised if there were some people out there that are over there several weeks leading up to it. They said if you wait and use this card, you will get another 2% off on a $2,000 item. So, my guess is that, that impacted a little bit too.
