Richard Galanti: Well. My pat answer, of course, is a question of when, not if. It's a little longer this time around, since June of '17. So we're six years into it and - but you'll see it happen at some point. We can't really tell you, if it's in our plans or not. We'll let you know when we know. We feel good. These say about all the attributes of member loyalty and member growth. And frankly, in terms of looking at the values that we provide our members, we continue to increase those. It's certainly a greater amount than even more than if and when an increase occurs. So stay tuned. We'll keep you posted, but there's not a whole lot I can tell you about that.
Richard Galanti: No, I mean, you look at the numbers over the last few months that we report monthly and quarterly. There has not been a heck of a lot change. Big ticket discretionary, while improved relatively as I mentioned online - those online items, we have seen the number of items in the basket tick up a little in the last few months, but I think that has more to do with the fact that we consciously added. I had mentioned in the last call, we've consciously added 40 or 50, what I'll call smaller ticket indulgent items, whether it's snack items and the like, just impulse items. And so that's what we do as merchants, but overall we haven't seen any big change. We've been able to correlate any big change to what's happened with gas prices.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, your comment that there was 1% to 2%, but then as we looked at the 17 weeks if you are the four months roughly, we saw - if we look at it internally at each of the end of those four months, we saw the level that 1% to 2% is from the beginning to the end of the year - I'm sorry, the beginning at the end of the quarter. But during the quarter, we saw that trending downward, if you will, a little. And when I talk to the merchants on the fresh side, it's flat-to-down a little right now on the food and sundries side, it's up a little, primarily in some of the CPG stuff and on big-ticket - not big-ticket, but our non-foods partly because of freight, which is down year-over-year in a nice way. And in some cases, some of the commodity costs on steel and the like that has come down. So that being said, we're not a big change, but at least it's trending that way. Who knows what tomorrow brings. And as it relates to - well, as I say, as it relates to us, we're always pushing prices as fast as we can. We want to be the first to lower them when those things happen and drive sales.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, I want to correct one thing that it maybe I misstated or you misunderstood. In terms of fresh, fresh is pretty much flat. Food and sundries, which has everything from sundries and package goods and CPG goods that tends to be up a little bit. And I'd like to think that we're pushing the envelope as much as we can with our suppliers that has certain freight costs have come down. Recognizing the headline today in the paper is - oil is approaching $100 a barrel. So, who the heck knows what happens tomorrow.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think we've seen that over the last year, frankly. We had such operating leverage over a couple of years when we had outside sales during the kind of two years of COVID, call the spring of '20 to spring of 2022. And, it was before COVID, when our SG&A was over 10% - slightly over 10%, and we said, would it ever be able to get below that, it's now still below 9%. So, notwithstanding the fact, when I looked at the last several quarters on a year-over-year basis, again, particularly over the last couple of quarters, we've seen some deleverage of that. Look, we want to drive sales and we'll do that in the best ways we can. So - but we recognize when we used to get the question all the time, what comp number do you need to have zero, negative or positive leverage with SG&A, recognizing there was low - very little inflation back then. We used to say somewhere, who knows, but somewhere in the 4.5% to 5% range. So we don't know exactly where it is, but we're certainly not going to change the level of service that we have and we're certainly - you're going to respect our employees in terms of what we've done with wage increases overtime. That's what we do.
Richard Galanti: Well, yes, I remember when we talked to a few quarters ago about some of the slowness in big-ticket discretionary, well, we got harder on price. It did a little bit, but not as much as we would have thought to start with. But again, that perhaps was the impact of what's going on with the concerns of the economy and everything else. We know that when we put hard buys and what we call TPDs, temporary price discounts on items, even medium-sized ticket items, we do see - we do leverage - see the units increase, but it's not as predictable I would say as it used to be.
Richard Galanti: It's a little easier on the food side to see that sometimes more, when taking the price of meat item down.
Richard Galanti: Sure. And by - even a big-ticket, when we see $300 and $400 price declines because of freight and raw material cost on some big-ticket non-food items, we'll see some of the sales pick back up on that. But, there's nothing guaranteed.
Richard Galanti: No not really. I mean, LIFO is certainly one that was impacted over the last year and started to slow down. Assuming that trend continues, there won't be much LIFO going forward for right now what we see. Beyond that, no, we're still opening. We opened 23 net new units this past year. We're on board to do something in the mid-to-high 20s this year. But that's not enough to move the needle in terms of the leverage standpoint or anything. No, I'd say it's steady as she goes. And if anything I look to be the margins overall, given everything that's going on, including competition that we're doing pretty well there. We - with some of the wage hikes that we continue to do and sales being a little weaker than they had been a year ago, I think we're doing pretty well on that as well. We're optimistic about our future, but we'll see what happens.
Richard Galanti: Yes, well, I think it was on things like gas was one, and then in some of the fresh food items there was - even though there was deflation in things like eggs and some dairy products, there was - there were some inflationary trends and beef. Beyond that, do you have that handy. Yes, it's really small, but on $16 billion of inventory, it's a lot. I mean, it's still a small number of $30 million and that, but - that's all. I don't have the details on that.
Richard Galanti: I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but generally speaking, in Asia, whether it's Korea, Taiwan, Japan or China, we'll open a new unit including the 10 or 12 weeks of sign-ups prior to opening, with anywhere from 50,000 to 100,000 new members. We had a couple of extremes like when we first opened in Shanghai Minhang of well over 200. Now, some of that looky-loos that don't renew and we usually in that first year of renewal and those types of outsized numbers, we might be as low as the mid-to-high 50s and it takes a few years to get even to the mid-70s. But we see those numbers overall continue to increase every year and I don't - I can't - I don't - I actually probably go back to what it was in the first 10 years of our 40-year history with even the U.S. My guess, it wasn't that extreme, but we didn't have as many - it wasn't national and local news events, the day we opened. We had a lot of people coming into some of these markets that are signing up that may be live too far away or choose not to come back. So we're seeing that continuing to grow. So by - even as simple - that's slight 0.1% decline, it's round the year in the sense that you opened up a couple of more units a year ago, they've just renewing for the first time that increases that number.
Richard Galanti: Which in my view is we're finding more openings - more opportunities in the U.S. to in-fill, given our high volumes. And we got plenty going on over the years, overseas.
Richard Galanti: Right, well, look, first of all, first and foremost, our traffic continues to do very well. Being up continually 4% to 5% on a year-over-year basis is great. And our renewal rates continue to be very strong. So that's the starting point. It makes sense to us on big-ticket discretionary that's where you'd see the biggest weakness. We see some of that in some areas going back. When we look at our numbers compared to MBD, that tells us where we are versus our competitors. Overall, not in every category, but overall we tend to do better. So even a negative number here is a lower negative number elsewhere. So - and again, what do we do, we brought in some smaller ticket items that are impulse snack items to get an extra partial item in everybody's basket. So, yes and newness, bringing those new items. And there's not been a whole lot in television. Our unit sales and TVs are pretty good, but the average price point has come down, as they do anyway, there's always deflationary. When you don't have new technology yet and that's just, we haven't seen a whole lot of new stuff yet there. Gaming is good right now and Christmas is good. I mean, we're one of the - not the only one, but one of the few that are bringing in seasonal items early, everything from decor to trees, to toys, that's starting off well so far. But it's new, it's in the last few weeks.
Richard Galanti: Well, part of that is some of the things we're doing with digital and mobile and the app. And we're not giving out quantifiable numbers, but certainly, some of our competitors are talking about doubling these numbers in the next two or three years. In my view, there is some low-hanging fruit out there and we're actively working on it. We've hired a couple of people that are helping us with that as well and more to come.
Richard Galanti: Well. First of all, we've always prided ourselves in providing the best hourly wage package out there, wages, benefits, contributions to 401(k). I'm using U.S. numbers here, but our average U.S. - 90% of our employees like many big retailers are hourly. And our average hourly wage is approaching $26 is in the high-$25s. That's on top of a very rich healthcare plan, where the employee only pays around 11% or 12% of it I believe. And on top, little less than that - and on-top of that, irrespective of what employee contributes to his or her 401(k), we contribute anywhere from 3% to 9% based on years of service. So you've got a 20-year cashier making on a full-time basis in the mid-60s with another $4,000 or $5,000 being contributed to his or her 401(k) plan with a very rich healthcare plan. So we stand apart in our view compared to anybody. Our pressure is that, it comes from ourselves. In the last few years, as there have been wage pressure, starting with the frontline workers during the beginning of COVID, we like many retailers added a 2% premium - $2 premium rather. We kept it longer to our knowledge than most anybody for a full year and at the end, we kept a dollar in there. And since then we've had at least three or four increases on top of the normal top-of-scale increase that we do every - generally have done every year - we have done every year. So we'll - in our view, the pressure comes from us and we feel that we're way ahead of our competition in that regard.
Richard Galanti: I don't think we're prepared for Scan and Go, yet. We're just going to scan, but they can't go. So at the end of the day, the first order of business is getting the merchandise on there and haven't had numbers that where a member, he goes online to say, hey, you can also get this currently at your local location. So knowing what's in store when somebody wants to come out, I think that's going to be a big positive to start with and part of the scan is to be able to get more product information on the item as well.
Richard Galanti: Well, we don't give specific numbers. Gas has been stronger for us and we believe all retailers in the last few years. In fact, it was Q4 last year, which I think it was our strongest quarter, recognizing it's 16-week quarter. This fourth quarter, it was still strong, down from its strongest a year earlier on a weekly basis, but nonetheless quite strong. And so it's part of the profit picture currently of all big retailers that sell gas, the supermarkets, the Walmarts and the Costcos of the world. So it's still a profitable business. It's - our view has been, you used to be when prices - given that the return it so fast, literally almost daily, when profits are going up - I'm sorry, when the price of gas is going up, the guy down the street is turning it every eight or nine days is paying a little less four days ago. And so we're making it the less, when sales went down - gallons - the price per gallon went down, we made a little more. I think that equation, while it's still true, is not the driver of the bottom line of gas. Everybody seems to be wanting to make more on gas, which allows us in our view to make a little more and still be even more profitable. We've seen our competitive spread versus our direct competitors at every location on average improve over the last couple of years to now be in the - I want to say to 30-set range per gallon, mid-30s is the average, which is up. It's an average and it can range from 10 to 45. But at the end of the day, we feel good about our competitive position, it's increased and we're still quite profitable down a little bit from a year ago, but nonetheless quite profitable.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think, look, at the end of day, we've done four special dividends in the past. It's part of our DNA. At some point, we may do that again. Again somewhat like the answer to the other question about membership fees, it's probably a question of when, not if, but we'll let you know. Certainly with earning 5%-ish on that money instead of a clear percent-ish on that money, does make it a little harder to do. But we're not selling the kind of earnings multiple, but we earn 5% on our assets. So, at some point, we'll do something and we'll have to wait and see.
Richard Galanti: I was joking you're going to say, first of all, they are very smart to be an executive member. Look, I think we are over the time, we've done a better job of communicating the value of the executive member. So, we clearly get more people to sign up that way in advance and we see that over time a regular member over the first few years will buy more every year and executive members start at a higher level and will buy more every year from that higher level. So that's really the profile that we've seen. I don't have any specifics on how old the member is. I know that when we look at age characteristics of new members, we're still - everybody used to be concerned 10 years ago, how we going to get millennials when we have an older average customer and all that and we did with things, with items, with things like organic. We're doing the same thing now. We're still getting whether it's Gen Z or Gen A or whatever the next is, we're getting our share of those new members when we look at the profile of our members.
Richard Galanti: No, it's - I mean, the simple math would just say it's 16, 17 of our quarter is equal to a 16-week quarter. That's about as good as we can do.
Richard Galanti: I think that particularly on net income it takes the 16% or whatever percent number down to 9% or something, and that's just simple math.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Inventories, as I mentioned, we feel - the merchants feel very good about our inventory levels right now. Are there a few departments are higher than they want, a few that need a little bit more sure. But overall, they're very good. Look at our fiscal year and inventories stood at just under $16.7 billion and payables stood at $17.5 billion. So I think this - running above 100% on that simple ratio is something new. We used to be - we used to enjoy running 90% to 95%, it fluctuates, but overall, we feel good about our inventories, where they are now. And in terms of supply chain, things coming in on time, we feel good about that as well. Now as it relates to - as we, excuse me, as we anniversary the inflection of when we saw some weakness, I think a couple of quarters ago, I mentioned that will help your big-ticket sales, I said, well, at least in a few several more months we'll anniversary this weakness. So certainly that's going to help. I would like to think that not just that thing that's going to help, but - and the same would be commerce. I mean, we're - again one bright spot in this virtually all e-commerce, not nearly always - is nearly always e-commerce was the appliances that - and I think we've done a better job also of showing the value of these items online, not just the price the item within our case includes delivery and warranty and things like that more so than some of our competitors. And showing great value there.
Richard Galanti: Okay. Yes. I had the second and third, what was the first question? Oh, Instacart, I know they just went public. So we've gotten a lot of questions. At the end of the day, we were good partner with them, they were good partner for us. We used them throughout the U.S. and Canada. And as sales are growing, we've added over the last - during COVID, we added some non-food items that still can be carried in the car, if you will. And we're doing, I think prescriptions with them now. And so, no, it's - a good relationship and it has been for a while. Yes, I might add, though that with regard to those sales, we include that in our warehouse sales, not our e-commerce sales, because it's their employee or their employee coming into Costco to shop, purchase at the register and then take it to the customer. So that's not in our mobile e-commerce sales. As it relates to EV charging, we're testing it in a number of locations. Not a whole lot to be said. If there is a charge for it, it's going to be less Costco and we'll wait and see. And then as it relates to China, no, we just opened a few weeks ago, our fifth location. We have two more planned this fiscal year, both in the - I think one in Shenzhen in early calendar '24 and one other one before the end of August. So we'll have seven locations, up from two, a year and a half ago. And so far, our openings there have treated us well overall.
Richard Galanti: Yes, Costco Next is drop-shipped. We curate the items with these suppliers. And for the most part pretty well-known brands. And so far we have not had an issue on that, recognizing it's - they tend to be items that are easily shipped to home. Yes, we're doing - we have all the tracking information as well. So all I can tell you is, you're right about that, that's a good point. Years ago when we did this, there was a difference, but so far it's worked quite well for us. We've had very few customer issues as it relates to items purchased on costco.com on costconext.com.
Richard Galanti: Well, yes that's what our business is about, where we'll take a 10-pack and make it a 12-pack, I guess. But at the end of the day, if there's is inflation, it will impact all of us, but again. I think it should be favorable with us because we will show the best value - we'll still show the best value out there.
Richard Galanti: Before you do it, another comment was made in the table here, that if there is deflation and disinflation, we've got a $450 million and $500 million LIFO reserve, that'll be - on a reported basis will be part of a tailwind of disinflation.
Richard Galanti: I think, look we've said this for a few years now, our competition with Sam's is the most direct and we've seen improvements in parts of what they do from our perspective. They are tough competitors and so are we, and - but I think they continue to get to improve overtime, as have we. I don't - we don't really see a whole lot of other things. BJ's is why we expect their model and what they do. It's a slightly different model. So there's not as much - there is certainly - when we are competing directly as a membership warehouse club, we're making sure we're sharp on pricing, particularly in fresh and things like that supermarket items. Beyond that, our view is on the non-food side, we are gaining share. As evidenced by the numbers we see in some of these NPD results. And the thing that I just called out on appliances grew like that. Recognizing appliances of whatever a $30 billion business, we're still a small piece of it, but growing rapidly.
Richard Galanti: I think. I think it matters. It does matter and I think it really mattered as we approached kind of the 5.5 years. Post June 17th, we were in the high - the headline every day was inflation and economy. And so, we're doing great. We've got great loyalty. If we wait a little longer, so be it. And that's kind of how we feel right now. So...
Richard Galanti: Yes, well, aside from LIFO, markdowns were lot less, quarter-on-quarter, so no markdowns. It was a big piece of it, particularly on the non-food side, that helped. Last year we had - it was a year ago that all of us including Costco, I think our inventories on a year-over-year basis were up 26% for two quarters in a row. And, of course, those will come down and so that was probably the biggest single thing in those numbers. And the comment that was made at the table here, we're back on track on seasonal in and out dates. So we're not having - a year - it was a year, year and a half ago where certain seasonal items came in late and just to move them out, not to have to store as much, some we did store, but to move them out where we felt that was the best way to do it, we take extra markdowns. So that helped.
Richard Galanti: Gaming is up, some of the Apple products are up, TV units are up, but again, the average price points have come down some. Tablets are up and audio is up a little.
Richard Galanti: Yes, our view is over the next 10 years that we could add easily another 150 and that's on top of however many business centers, call it, but just in the U.S. So - and that number keeps changing. If you had asked me six or eight years ago, where we'd be today, I would say, if we were 70/30 U.S. back then, we'd be 50/50 by now, outside of the - will be 50. And today, we're at 65, 70 in the U.S. So, we're finding more opportunities here and it's evidenced by just the sheer volumes of the units - that our units are doing today versus three or four years ago. It's much higher than we would have expected three or four years ago. So we think that there is still a lot of runway in that regard.
Richard Galanti: That is still our view overall. In addition to the thing I mentioned a little bit with what we're doing with Instacart on non-food items as well. We are testing in-store some big-ticket items like TVs, but on a limited basis to see what happens for Buy Online and Pickup in Store.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Well the CPG, actually we did that last year as well, done it for a couple of years. We will say, we'll do it again. It's growing. So, and once we do that with one, we want to share that excitement with others to see what other types of things we can drive that way. So I'd say there's probably a little bit more increase on that type of promotional things. And then inventory is available for those things. We could really drive sales of those items in a short period of time.
Richard Galanti: Yes, if it's earlier, it's a week or two earlier. And some things came in early, and yes, it's a little early compared to some of the supply-chain disruptions we had, which screwed up a lot of things. But if you go back to where we were before COVID, we're probably at or very slightly earlier. And in terms of how we're approaching it? We're approaching it aggressively in terms of having stuff to sell to the members. But we want to be - we want to be out to. Typically this is nothing different here, even on things like toys will bring in a few things in the last couple of weeks before Christmas, that if they don't sell through, we're not at risk of having to mark them down dramatically because they're not unique just to Christmas.
Richard Galanti: Well, thank you, everyone. We're around to answer questions. And have a good holiday and we'll talk to you soon.
