Richard Galanti: Probably a little higher than we thought it would be. There's lots of nuances to the program in terms there's bounties that we received for signing up new members and applications that incents the warehouses to do that. There's revenue share on outside spend. I think that's a little more than we had anticipated. We knew and felt that over time it would go up because the exceptions of Visa in terms of the penetration Visa throughout all types of merchants and that happened a little faster than we had anticipated. There's also some other aspects of it, again, there's lots of little pieces, but those are two of the bigger ones. On the merchant side, on the fee side rather I think some of it's related to the fact that we were making estimates of the different reward - bad - buckets if you will, gas at 4, Costco at 2, those velocity categories at 3. Again there's all kinds of equations there that as that changes there's some sharing and so it's all good at this point.
Richard Galanti: Well, time will tell, won’t it. I think it's still an early program, we're in the first full fiscal quarter of it. Over the next couple of quarters as I said last quarter this will be the first time we'll try to provide a little bit more insight and I'm sure we'll be able to do a little bit more each time. As you know, we're going to invest in loyalty and growth and – while it's raining on everybody as it relates to higher levels of deflation. We're known for deflating the sell price sooner and faster and certainly one other sound bite example would be meat sales, just in the month of November meat sales were up 6% in dollars and 16% in pounds. That's the kind of stuff that this deflation, it's impacting all retailers of course, and it's probably impacting a lower margin quicker to pass it on up or down and certainly down faster, so all those things go into play. So time will tell.
Richard Galanti: Well, we’re always going to do more extreme probably than others. Another example would be as I've said in the past as it relates to some different types of competition out there the competitive pricing moat has gotten wider which is good. We haven't used that to improve our margins consciously in that regard, the wider the better. And so we're constantly figuring out that. We are constantly going back to every supplier with our purchasing power, with our buying power as it relates to – and competition itself with private label to figure out how can we bring the quantity up, the quality up, and the price down. And we know we will sell more and each of us and our suppliers will make a little more times – a little less more times. And so that's what we do, that's what we're always doing. We see that in every monthly budget meetings. And so I think that we'll continue to do what we do. We're certainly not going to benefit from every extra dollar of income. We're going to figure out how to use it to drive that competitive spirit and to drive our sales. And that's been a little tougher in this tough deflationary environment.
Richard Galanti: Well, again I'm not allowed to tell you what I think completely. We're encouraged by the last few weeks including the first two weeks of Q2, but yes we got - we feel good about our merchandising offerings, we feel good about some things we're doing operationally, we certainly feel good about the strength of KS, Kirkland Signature, and traffic has improved a little bit. I remember one of the analysts reports a few months ago, was we can exhale. We are hopefully beyond that right now. We feel that again the last - the traffic seems to hit a trough and it’s come back a little, not that we expected to get back before it necessarily, but it certainly it's seems like it's back on the mend a little and we'll see. I feel we're doing a lot of good things; we got a lot of things up our sleeve in terms of merchandising, we’re clearly merchandising and selling from a position of competitive strength. And fresh foods drives the business and the fact that renewal rates ex a little bit of impact from auto bill in the conversion are perfectly fine. So there’s lot of good things out there and I guess I'll stop there. But overall we'll see.
Richard Galanti: First, let me go back for a minute to the monies that we've benefited from as it relates to the Citi Visa the new agreement. In theory you would say okay if you made a little more [indiscernible] did you put it back in the pricing. We're doing a lot in pricing anyway and also you don't change the reward structure every day it's a new program. I would assume over time and this is - who knows if hypothetical but over the next couple of years if the performance of the program continues to go which we expected to do in the right direction and our piece of that action if you will versus the rewards that our members are getting, you’d expect to see this change that over time. But we're way too early to even think about that. Historically, as it relates to membership increases, we usually invest that back in the business, a lot of that in terms of competitiveness and pricing and it kind of eases in over the next several years and more fully into the bottom line notwithstanding in fact that membership fee increases take about eight fiscal quarters to get into the income statement on the membership line because of deferred accounting. So I don't think first of all we certainly haven't done anything different. As we've seen in some examples where we do comp shops versus certain others, where that moat has gotten bigger if you will, that gap has gotten wider, we haven't said hey let's use this to get a few extra basis points of margin. We've held the course and we continued to go in that direction.
Richard Galanti: On the last point, the wages, I believe the U.S. and Canada which is 80 plus percent or 80% to 83% of our company. We took the bottom of the scale up a $50 basically from 11.50 in 12 up to 13 and 13.50. I believe on an annual basis that's about a $40 million incremental increase in our pre-tax costs or about $3 million little low $3 million per month number. That started in March, so that's kind of halfway through - early the halfway through Q2 of our fiscal year that's when the annual anniversaries and that's kind of a small. I'm sorry, the first part of the question, I didn't write it down.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Keep in mind, as I try to point out on each of these calls and mentioned what was the core, roughly 80% plus of our business that is food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh foods. What is that margin on its own sales? And again, as I mentioned earlier in the call, that was up 17 basis points. When I look at the weighted average of what impact it had on our Company margin year-over-year. It's a lot less than 17 because there's increased penetration of another category with a lower margin or reduced penetration of another category with a higher margin and so that tends to – that's what we pointed out. We don't see just because that that 80% was 17 basis points up on that that had a much smaller effect on the year-over-year for all company.
Richard Galanti: Well, again, we don't know. We’ll have to wait and see ourselves. We are thrilled that the first few weeks have been good. And again, November, the four weeks of November was choppy frankly, particularly the week of the election. I think it was worse than a snowstorm in terms of nobody wanting to go out and buy stuff and that’s what I read about other retailers as well. And again, over the last few months it's been a little choppy a little more in November and a little weaker and so at least, what we can tell you at this point is the first couple of weeks have been okay. And again, traffic has seemed to have stabilized until something changes there, who knows. But again, we feel good about our merchandising what's going on and one of the reasons we continue to provide monthly sales results is for that reason to keep you guys informed and that's pretty much what I can tell you at this point.
Richard Galanti: First of all, we signed – million of our members signed up for it. Many of them could very well be existing members that historically did not have an AMEX card or historically used not a co-branded AMEX card. And they have now signed up for this because they want to sign up because the rewards, hopefully or they historically again were using debit or non co-branded AMEX card and are now switching to this. So it's not that we did not generate a million new members. Certainly, when a new member being online or walks in and to sign up as a new member, we of course are telling them the virtues of both executive membership and these great new co-brand card.
Richard Galanti: It's hard to know this quickly. Generally speaking, irrespective of what credit card it is whether it's a co-branded or rewards card for an airline or hotel. Generally, we find the people on credit card spend more than by cash or check or debit. We also find the people with Executive Member spend more than non-Executive Member. So the trifecta if you will is when they are not only a member, but they're the Executive Member and they use the co-branded card. Lots of incentives for loyalty and for spend and for capacity of the spend. And so that's what we try to do, try to do it in not too hard of a seller as you might expect. And we've got a lot better doing the basics with it. We know existing members, by a lot historically based on their prior 12 months and it’s a no-brainer to be an executive member, we make sure they know and we've done a better job of converting or getting people signed up as an executive member start with. The credit fee, of course is not completely in our hands whether it was the 16-year relationship – 40-year relationship, 40-year or 60-year relationship with American Express or the new relationship here is up to the credit card issuer in this case Citi to accept or rejected application. Now, the ones it converted over they were all in the same deal, but anybody knew they are signing up for new card and there's going to be some people they get and some people don't. But when we do know is a million of the people that did sign up for have gotten it or approved and got it.
Richard Galanti: We’re just asking or being asked that question recently and we're putting some members together. Our best guess is somewhere north of 20 and south of 30 and I give you a purposely large number because even you talk to some buyers in different apartments, you find out that it might be imported, but it's all based on this U.S. dollar sale and my guess would be somewhere in the mid-20s.
Richard Galanti: In the U.S., now I'm assuming that includes – I'm including in that like electronics. Most electronics are purchased in U.S. dollars by U.S. trading companies that are arms of the overseas manufacture. And so again it's a little tenuous to come up with an exact number particularly since we just started looking at it.
Richard Galanti: I think part of it is as prices have deflated there are instances where we could make a little more, but not a lot more where others have not deflated them as much even though we're going to be the first to take it down and more there's still a little there on the table. Private label helps. I think those are the kinds of things and we've also in terms of driving business, working with our vendors to lower the price and drive more business. And we will participate in it, but we’ll still make a little more. So there's lots of little reasons and again I'd be remiss to say, I mean year-over-year, we had just under a basis point and shrink recovery, in other words better shrink number, inventory shrinkage numbers. We don't talk about it because I mean good news is continues to improve a little for 30 years essentially. We were doing a better job of operating our businesses and controlling our inventories, but it's lots of little things.
Richard Galanti: I got to tell you, a little tongue-in-cheek here, but we arguably were little – have been – many years ago we like it to even do e-commerce, did a little bit begrudgingly, it took a while to do some more things. I think the things that we're doing offensively not defensively, but we're also probably a little stubborn along the way to suggest – there are some extreme examples of when a member orders a big ticket item electronics or light goods or whatever and the delivery window is much larger than anyone else's. They'd like to know it pops up the calendar and here it goes. When they want to return it that process was not very good. And some of these are quick fixes, search was not very good. That's been a quick fix to get a significant improvement and we get some more improvement. So I think that we're doing some things to that we've notwithstanding decent sales. We're investing in better [indiscernible], but by the way that's not at the expense of we want to take our prices down a little and those are truly independent whether it's IT modernization efforts some of which was in necessarily or you know what are we going to do with regard to we need another 10 million or 50 million or whatever to enhance the site, that is truly independent of what we're doing there. We know as Jim said it will set for 25 plus years and [indiscernible] is set for now five plus years. We are clearly a topline Company and we're best when we drive sales. We probably aren't as good at leveraging expenses when sales come down than others because we’re not going to do some things, but we're clearly taking the offense. Again there is some things that perhaps we should've done earlier but we're already seeing some improvement in that we know that will help.
Richard Galanti: When we talk with different category buyers probably the ones that have more specific insider on the fresh foods size because they're dealing with commodities and negotiating they're actually looking at the futures contracts and more of the cost is the actual item, the orange or the poultry or the pork or whatever. Whereas sometimes that's not the case, I think usually when we ask there's another three months to six months whatever. And when it gets to the anniversarying of it, there’s been some huge swings, some huge example of swings on some nuts which last year doubled and we’re now down 35%. There's you know eggs of course are down well over 60% year-over-year. So if eggs were down even 50% it doesn't mean that people going to eat twice as many eggs to have flat sales. They're going to eat some more eggs, but not that many. So by the way a few of those things may help in the bakery, the margins of the bakery. We’re going to - also not going to change the package the cost of 16 muffins or 15 muffins. So overall, I think the feeling has given that the last few months have been a little more deflationary. The view is that it's another few months of that, but they all believe that it's going to come back the other way and this is a lot of estimated semi-educated guesses among different departments.
Richard Galanti: By the way as effective the beginning of this fiscal year for 30 years we've been on our retail cost systems, retail inventory system. Most companies historically have been on a cost base system where you can get down more granularly to item level with the modernization that was part of this process too. With a cost system the way you value inventories will not have LIFO charges and credits in the future.
Richard Galanti: At the beginning of the year you'll notice on our year-end balance sheet. We revalued the inventory at cost in a different way and it was about a $60 million plus reduction in inventory. At the beginning of the year but not a P&L impact.
Richard Galanti: To the extent there's inflation in the future, we will have a LIFO charge. I'm giving myself a thumb up. And once you have some LIFO charges, you can have credits. To the extent that there was LIFO as deflation right out of the box. You won't take that credit because you have no charge against to which you can take it.
Richard Galanti: Well, it sounds like that's 2% of X. I don't have a calculator in front of me, [150 third] of a year. For the most part, most expenses even though say on a rental facility, you pay 12 monthly rents; we take it over the 53 weeks. I mean you don’t get a [150 third] credit for that. We amortize it over the course of the 10 years or 20 years. And so there's not a lot of – it generally should be if it's 2% more weeks, it’s 2% more earnings.
Richard Galanti: Well, I can't speak for Citi. To you I can't speak to them. But we certainly have discussion with them, but they’ve made their own comments that I think we are generally positive about how the program is working so far for them. What I can tell you from our perspective is some of things I already mentioned in terms of – look it's a significant improvement in the value proposition of the reward to the members assuming they spend like they did. Hopefully, they'll spend more because of the 2% at Costco instead of 1% on top of executive rewards, the 4% on gas instead of 3% and 3% on velocity categories instead of 2%, so all that stuff is good. There's more utilization, there’s more places to use the card. Typically these are smaller merchants that only perhaps accept certain brands over others, they pay higher fees, but we’ll have to see.
Richard Galanti: What I can tell you from talking to our Head of Membership marketing is it stands out in good print on everybody's monthly statement, they see it and it’s pretty big pretty, pretty fast. And so I think those are the types of things that people look at. We know if any programs work. And again, based on Citi’s comments, publicly it seems like it’s working in the right direction for everyone which means more spend on it.
Richard Galanti: Really is all over the board. I mean with inflation the dollars go up, the percent probably changes a little downwards, so that would imply perhaps a little bit of improvement in dollars, but it could be all over the board. Gas is an extreme example; it is a low margin competitive business. As prices tumbled dramatically across general competition, prices were lower, but not nearly proportional to the amount of savings to that retailer. We were able to improve our margins little and widen the gap that's a win-win. Another silly example is organics. Organics because there's perhaps a little bit of less price sensitive – elasticity to organic prices. We are able to make a little more margin not a lot and have a wider value proposition versus others, so those are good things for us. Generally speaking, when there was cost inflation on milk and cheese and things like that, we would point out as you know historically some of those quarters were we kept the chicken at 499 and margins went down essentially from something to nothing to the tune of $40 million a year on one item that was four, five years ago – four years ago. Conversely, when cheese prices fell, food court margins went up nicely because we've always – we never really change the price of a slice of pizza. So there's lots of little things that don't fit in a square box or – a square box or round hole here. I would say generally a little inflation is good, it help sales and we could be more competitive both up and down. And when price is going up, probably is a little bit more margin beneficial.
Richard Galanti: Well first, we're fixing some of the basics and improving some of the basics and I'm pretty excited about some of those things. You mentioned a number of mobile versus non-mobile e-commerce sales. Our numbers are lower than that mobile, but they're improving quickly. Again, we’ve recognized those things that we can and can't do. We think that we could and should do a lot more online, but we also as you pointed out want to get people into the warehouses. We think that some of the things that we do in store will keep them coming. So far it's not been an issue and even – while we try to point out these things each quarter in terms of traffic, in terms of even when traffic was impact a little bit, we’re asked that $64,000 question is it all these other things. We see some of the categories that one would think would have been impacted negatively by it aren't being impacted negatively. In terms of click and pick up, we've looked at it and we are not prepared to do that at this point. When we see it in other places not just the other warehouse club, you need space for it or you need a lot less volume in the location for it neither of which we have and we're not getting a lot of demands for it. We do that at business centers. You can log on and get it delivered and so that's more for the business member not the individual. And we recognize that we're not the retailer, they're going to sell you a smaller pack size or something and even a little bit higher margin. That's not what we do. Now time will tell over time, there's a lot of things that are going on out there. We're looking at them. We've all seen the video from earlier this week about you just walk in. There's a lot of other brick and mortars that my guess would be far more impacted than us on that, but we'll have to wait and see. Again, we're going to – if renewal rates trends changed – by the way we’ve been seeing the markets where we've done things with Google and where we work with Instacart as well. Google Express and Instacart are probably the most extreme example would be the bay area where we started with Google and that was their first market and certainly that's where they're headquartered. And it's doing fine what we found is an existing loyal member is coming in a few less times a year and shopping several more times plus certainly several more because it was zero. We are shopping more, but some of the two is more. They buy a lot less when they are doing it online when they come in and part of that is the experience of [walking in and seasonal there] even if not everything is offered, but [indiscernible]. So the good news is [Technical Difficulty].
Richard Galanti: Well, look in terms of scan and go honestly we did a version of scan go literally 20 years ago a customer I remember walk in get an RF gun, radio frequency device walk around scan their own items come up to the front hand that thing to the cashier and the scanner and they print out a receipt. Needless to say, there's a lot more efficient things today. We continue to look at scan and go type things, we are not testing it currently but we are looking at it. And I’m not suggesting we are going to do it. We have done self checkout for a while. We've chosen to not do self checkout and higher volume units because we get people through without it. And as it relates – in terms of millennials and generation Z all those numbers are doing better for us and part of it is things like not that we set down and strategic - how do we get them. We have a great value proposition certainly some of the things that we sell like organics in my view is a big impact to that. Certainly some of the things we do you know we've done a couple of tests with LivingSocial over the last couple of years. All those things, we think help. As it relates you asked question about Amazon and Amazon is also the word for everything out there that's delivered or dot com and everything else it's certainly they’re doing a lot of things. We want to make sure we understand what all of these people are doing. We do not just from a competitive price shop and whether it's them or someone else. We recognize convenience is a value but there’s also some things that we can and can't do. So I think that we're looking at these things offensively not defensively at this point. I don't think that I think we're encouraged when we see the level of millennials if you will that are signing up and we see the average age of our membership coming down. Now you know it was just a couple years ago when the average U.S. Costco adult member was four plus years older than the population as a whole now it's a little under two. And that's without a lot of planning but it's what we do and I think part of that's the merchandise selection and our ability to change merchandise pretty quickly and certainly things like again organic standout in a big way. I think the fact of what we're doing even on some things that aren't directly; they’re all related to the business but ESG and sustainability how we take care of our employees, the culture. Those are things that, again, we didn’t say we have to do better at that. We do best at that, we do a lot of good things like that. When it comes down to merchandising, we believe that organics, the KS, what we're very good at is driving value and we're probably not going to be the person that's the best of delivering smaller size goods to your house. There are some things we're going to do between that and nothing and again stay tuned for calendar 2017.
Richard Galanti: Well, keep in mind we have materially upped it over the last couple of years. Recognizing it's still a fraction of anything else out there. If we were again at 3,700 active items in a physical location and roughly that many online excluding like office products which is through a third-party and there's several thousand of those items, but in terms of what we do ourselves and we now taken it up to 8-ish, 8,000 maybe a little more. Is it likely to go to 40,000 or 50,000? Absolutely not. Unless it does one-day, but I don't think so. And is it like you go up a little bit more? Sure. And is it likely for us to do a few more things that provide convenience? Yes, but we still want you in the door. And again to Amazon and others credit, they’re trying a lot of things. Some will work and some won't and we're pretty good at understanding what works and figure out how to augment and to do what we know how to do and what we want to do. And we recognized that we can't be – sell you a smaller size or something and our margins nor we prepared to double or triple the margin to do so.
Richard Galanti: Directionally, I responded in the past by saying if comps were a little weaker, it would be more likely to want to do it or no impact on that decision. It's all in our view about what additional values that we brought to the table. Whatever amount of an increase might be contemplated, have we improved the value proposition significantly greater in that amount which is in my view is always been a no-brainer for us. Our renewal rate is okay and if sales are a little weak, it would be the time to do it – not do it. I'm not trying to suggest that it’s tomorrow afternoon, I'm just saying that generally speaking a little bit weaker we're going to use that to drive business.
Richard Galanti: On some items, yes, on some of things that we do. If you keep in mind, 30 years ago, the original business for 33 years ago, the original business plan and talked about it. It doesn't matter where you locate. You could be on the other side of the railroad tracks and in downtrodden area people come to you, it’s a destination. And that was fine until you add into that sentence until somebody is between you and your customer. And over time while we’re certainly not at the mall, we recognized that we have to do something. So what we're doing online right now with some of the member experience and distributions, timing and costs and capabilities. Those are the types of things that we are investing in. Vertical integration and some aspects whether it's the chicken plant or bakery commissary in Canada. There's a lot of things that we're doing to drive value not just lower the price, but I don't – yes, I don't see it that being a reason to do it or not to do it. We look at it as a – it's a value proposition. We may become a little – price is primary and I think it will continue to be primary if we look at a few other things as well.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Well, on Tmall I think it’s about 300 items about a little over half of which are Kirkland Signature, so it’s certainly the cast name is getting known and that's a positive. We've continued to look at it for a number of years. Is it in the next couple of three years? It's probably more likely to say yes to that than two years ago or five years ago, but there's nothing definite at this point.
Richard Galanti: Start of the Bay area, but then with LA area and in the last couple years is expanded to as well Chicago, Boston, New York and D.C. I believe they're expanding and we're expanding is a few other markets as well. I believe I don't have that list in front of me, but I know it includes a few more. So let's say it's going from 6-ish to 12-ish plus and now recognizing we're working with them in different markets, testing different things. I think we've done a couple of small tests with some fresh foods, but it's a limited selection of items and each of these are little different.
Richard Galanti: Well, first and far most CapEx is expansion and expansion is not – first and far most new units or the improvements in existing units a little bit, but probably an equal priority is all the things associated with it ancillary businesses, whether it's gas stations or as well as some of the manufacturing things we're doing. We're opening up a second – we’ve had it for a number of years a B plan in Tracy, California. That does I think around 200 million pounds a year 4 plus million pounds a week of four or five items that are us. It's our items. We're opening B plan on the east coast shortly. In Canada, we're building. I think we've broken ground on a commissary for bakery. We are investing 250 million plus and closer to 300 million on a big chicken plant, processing plant in Nebraska. That is not broken ground yet, but it’s in the process of getting permits and stuff. And so there's things like that as well. We're still spending money in IT, but priority-wise none of this stuff impacts what we're doing for expansion. We're expanding as much as we want you know we try to be - we look at our dividend every year you know historically it's been about 13% plus increase year-over-year for the last nine years or 10 years since its inception in 2005. We buyback a little stock, in terms of leverage you know arguably some would say that we are - I would say we're well capitalized, I would say we're under levered. We've got $1.1 billion 10-year fixed rate debt instrument that comes due in March 2017. The good news is that, it’s got that low, low fixed rate of about I don't have it in front of me - about 5.5%. What we do in terms of whether writing a check for it or refinancing part of it, we’ll see. So no big changes of what we do. We’ve done a couple of special dividends, one in late 2012 and one in early 2015 and I'm not indicating if we are – we are into the future that was something that we chose to do it at that time.
Richard Galanti: Well a bunch of them it's between 11% and 15%. But a bunch of them is, are people that it was not active as a co-brand AMEX card. We had about 15% that had not – upon conversion about 15% of the 11% or whatever million people in the 7.5 million or so accounts about - just under 15% of them had not been using the prior two months I believe, the prior 60 days. And not to suggest that may be some of them just hadn’t used it and they will use it or they’ve been out of town or whatever else. It's every answer on this - and I think the vast majority of would be that, though, they were using something else in their wallet. And to the extent that the membership card was on the back, they still have it in their wallet and they still have to do it in their wallet and hopefully they see those giant signs and they reminded the cash register by the cashier and have you heard about the 4321 or the new exciting warranty program on electronic, on TVs where you get a four-year free warranty if you use it at Costco.
Richard Galanti: It's mostly cannibalization. We've got a $200 million, $300 million business. You open up a second one in that Citi. The new one does 100 to 100 in a quarter or 100 to 150 and 75 of its bled. Let’s say your traffic number is the old unit that's being cannibalized, so on the basis of 10 or 12 units that’s the biggest single reason.
Richard Galanti: There is probably a little bit of softness in Japan beyond that. And I can't say you why and other than – the economy has been tough there, but it rains on everybody.
Richard Galanti: Well, it just happened three months ago. We don't have any numbers yet, but it's de minimis of anything. And that's why I actually asked our marketing people earlier today [indiscernible]. Bob has made a good point. It takes about six months to know because you've got people not every member comes in every two weeks. So trend wise we don't see any big issue there at all.
Richard Galanti: It's up. Particularly somebody – to the extent somebody is choosing to use another Visa card in his or her wallet. Maybe it’s airline program or hotel program. They may not be spending more because nothing is changed in their wallet. To the extent that they are using cash or debit that's you see an increase and we have seen that as we would have expected.
Richard Galanti: Well, we know that's the case to a small extent though, Citi for example is done marketing activities in their branches, but it's more existing members that it converted and you'll get a few – few could be in the tens of thousands, but out of a million couple or 20,000, 30,000, 40,000 is not a big piece of that.
