Richard Galanti: Well on the first question, of course, I can't say we don't provide guidance, but we've always talked about being a top-line company and that helps a lot of things. So, depending on what level of sales, we'll have to wait and see. We do have the dollar increases started in March, that will anniversary next February.  So, at the end of Q2, next year. But again, we've shown that even with what we view as holding the line as much as we can on pricing and being pretty aggressive there and taking that into account, we've shown that with strong sales, we can certainly improve the bottom line as well, so fingers crossed.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Well, first of all, as it relates to all the anecdotal comments I made about supply chain and inflation, I think overall we feel that we're doing a heck of a job in that stuff. And I think some of the advantages we have is that we certainly have the financial ability to bring in things early or to order early and to mitigate whatever delay may have occurred.  We certainly have the space to keep some of this stuff, most particularly because of our Costco Logistics acquisition a year ago, two additional storage space if you will. Not that we're having an issue with that because it's turning pretty fast, and the fact that we're able to pivot, we are bringing in new items. We're bringing in items off-season for Christmas, not -- pre - COVID it was toys, and trim at home, and electronics. Today it's all those things, plus things for the house, from barbecue grills, even summer items. But anything you can get your hands on. And again, I think we've done a very good job of adding suppliers where we can, and also making sure we're coming up with new items and being creative and innovative, even on the food and sundries side.  So, I think from that standpoint, despite sometimes looking at each other, the merchants and the traffic people never need to say, boy, when this is going to end? The fact is, I think we're doing a very good job with that. So, from an inventory standpoint, for those of you who several of you do go and visit our locations on a random basis, they're full, they look good compared to some of the pictures we see from others sometimes.  And so, I feel from that standpoint, we have a good issue. With inflation, to the extent that there are permanent inflationary items, like freight costs, or even somewhat permanent for the next year, we can't hold on to all those, some of that has to be passed on and it is being passed on.  We're pragmatic about it, but we recognize that since things have been so successful and our sales have been strong, we can hold the line on some of those things and do a little better job, hopefully, do a better job than some of our competitors have, and be even that more extreme in the value. So, I think, all those things, so far, at least despite the challenges have worked in our favor a little bit.
Richard Galanti: Okay. Well look, I think the anomaly over the last year-and-a-half has been that when a lot of big boxes or big retailers were enjoying comps pre-COVID in the -- I'll call it the two to 4% range of the two to 5% range, and we're enjoying 5, 6s, 7s, now we've been enjoying mid-teens or effectively low-to-mid teens over, and we've taken some market share from others.  We think that some of that will stick, and we hope it will stick, and we feel pretty good right now about what we've done and what we've accomplished. To the extent that we can generate greater than industry average comps. I think - and there - they don't have to be in the low-to-mid teens, they could still be in the mid-to-high singles that we could -- should continue to improve. But I guess I get back to the comment that has been reinforced internally from the beginning of time, we are a top-line Company and everything else will take care of itself.
Richard Galanti: I think -- your first part of your question, I think tells part of the tale is there are so many moving parts. If you look at gasoline, which is an - it is 10%+ of our sales. It's a huge business that can have huge variations of gross margin.  Knock-on-wood, always profitable, but it's still quite a range of gross margin. And that's more reflective of what's going on with competition in the retail gasoline market. We feel that sometimes other large retailers of gasoline, are looking to make a little more, which gives us the ability to be quite profitable but still show even bigger savings.  So, there are lots of puts and takes. Certainly, from last year, you had roughly a 16-week period, where our Optical and our Hearing Aid Centers were outright closed. Travel went to literally having negative revenue because it was not having a new business and it was refunding previously booked business at the trough of COVID, and so there's that kind of anomalies.  Again, I get back to thinking that due to the unfortunate thing called COVID, some businesses have benefited in the sense that we were essential, in the sense that our [cavernous] (ph) places like we feel that people felt comfortable coming in to the extent that we are able merchandise-wise to have pivoted and maintain notwithstanding supply chain issues, maintain exciting full warehouses of merchandise. So, I think those are the things that help us.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. It's hard to say. I wouldn't just say it's that much based on that. It really depends. And mind you, when you have -- again, we've enjoyed a number of years of effectively very little, if any, or no LIFO or eating into our previous LIFO credit 5 and 6 years ago. But what -- if there was consistent inflation going forward for the next 2, 3, 4 quarters, you're going to also see some price increases to those customers.  And I might say some, there's been some already, but in our view, there is less than we could've done. And that will continue and I think the more consistent inflation -- if inflation raise stayed at this level, and we don't know that, but if it did stay at this level even with a LIFO charge, in some ways, it will be offset by price increases. [Indiscernible].
Richard Galanti: It's the quarter, it's basically if you take your cost -- silos of inventory and what was it at Q3 end and what is it now at Q4 end.
Richard Galanti: What we've said over the years is that certainly, we look at our gross profit as a combination of a gross margin plus a membership fee. But we really don't look at it together in that way you that, "Hey, if we do something with the membership fee, we could be more aggressive on pricing. " I remember years ago somebody had asked when the economy had softened and our comps did weaken a little bit and we were coming up on that fifth anniversary - ish of a pending increase and somebody said, given the economy's weaker you and your sales have weakened a little bit, still a positive number, but weakened a little bit.  Would you still do it? And the response at the time was more likely we will do it because that's what we do. We could drive lower prices with it and drive more business. And so, we really do -- we look at the loyalty and certainly, the loyalty and renewal rates have been up. [Indiscernible] If obviously, we're still a way away from anniversarying the last 5th year or so, the 5th plus year anniversarying of the last increase. So, we're a little way from thinking about it.
Richard Galanti: I think if the -- we've always been considered to have more cash and have a more conservative balance sheet. I think as the world is saying that they think that it should be going up more. I don't think we've thought about it going up more.  In fact, when we did the capital raise in April of '20 and related specifically to what if -- was the worst-case of COVID, once -- 6 months later, we saw that we didn't need it. We probably gave it back to our shareholders and then a little.  So, I think the other anomaly has been is we've been blessed with a very good fiscal year. The last year and a half in terms of net income and operating cash flow relative to our CAPEX, our regular dividend, and the special, let's say that kind of offset the capital -- the debt we did. So, at the end of the day, I don't see us changing our MO in that at this point.
Richard Galanti: It's really all about the value proposition. Are -- if anything, I think from the outside, people would look at us relative to other retailers and say we've been more aggressive on holding prices than others, at least that's how we feel.  But we have to be pragmatic as these things are permanent consistent. You've got to raise the price; we can't be completely noble here. But we feel that if anything, that moat has probably widened a little bit for us and that's great, we like wider moats.
Richard Galanti: That's our view. That's our buyer's view. But we're looking at, frankly, given how strong it's been, and in our DNA, we hate raising prices. We want to be the last to raise it and the first to lower it. Is in our DNA not even -- putting on shades on the side and not even looking, at others.  We're looking at how do we drive our own business and we know that being the most -- the best value out there and having great merchandise and all that other wonderful stuff is how you do it. And as we've seen such strength in our numbers, and then as we've encountered rising levels in inflation, where can we hold the price on some things? And that's what we do. It's an art form more than a science. But it seems to work for us.
Richard Galanti: Well, the big answer is we hope so. The fact that we are opening more units in '21 than we did in '20 is a positive. The fact that there are several international units that tends to have higher growth rates. The fact that Auto Renew is kind of a freebie in the sense that more people getting -- signing up and putting your credit card on their application -- in their application or signing up for the -- more importantly, signing up for the Citi Visa card.  That helps you a little bit driving the Executive Member, getting more people today -- if every 100 people signing up today, I think a little over half, I don't have an exact number, sign up as an executive member.  I remember 6, 7 years ago, or 8 years ago, it was half that percentage. And these are rough numbers, so don't hold me to them. But at the end of the day, executive members, by its definition, have higher renewal rates. They shop more frequently; they buy more stuff. So, all of that stuff is -- that -- those are all good factors for us.
Richard Galanti: Oh, marketing. We did -- we do a variety of things. Not a huge basis, but we tried some things in the last few years. We've done some things with Groupon and with, one other one -- Living Social.  We've done some things as you've mentioned, but those are not on -- there I'd say they're on a regular -- irregular basis and we try different things all the time, but I know -- I think that's really, frankly, independent of looking at the membership fee itself.  It's really about how do we drive memberships and what is the incremental cost? What is the true cost of acquiring a new member other than waiting for them to go online or walk into the warehouse to sign up themselves? And so, we're always trying some new things.
Richard Galanti: I don't know that off the top of my head. What I -- and I don't have all the specific statistics in front of us. All the charts that we look at keep going in the right direction. The number of people that bought online, percentage of members, the hit rate when we do something on an e-mail to get people to do something online.
Richard Galanti: What Bob has mentioned, thank you, Bob, is that when you are -- if you take a regular, loyal member and when they do start shopping online, they may shop a few times less in-store, but the aggregate of the two is greater than their historical.  Which makes up? By the way, the other thing there is that the online, while we're constantly putting on what I'll call greater frequently traffic building items velocity items. And like apparel and health and beauty aids and things like that. The fact that matter is more and more big and bulky items are bought online.  Years ago, if you wanted to buy a mattress or a refrigerator, you had to go buy it and pick it up and take it home. We didn't deliver. We didn't install it. That's of course changed in the last many years and we have an Appliance business in the U.S. that's well over a billion dollars and growing fast -- continue to grow fast, helped by Costco Logistics. So that changes the metric a little bit too.
Richard Galanti: I don't know. I don't have in front of me any detail by region in that regard. What I do know is, like everything right now it's all over the board. We're talking -- I forget what cleaning supply it was, whether it was Clorox, or Lysol, or some type of antibacterial wipe or whatever it was.  But there had been -- a year ago there was a shortage of merchandise, now they've got plenty of merchandise, but there's 2 to 3-week delays on getting it delivered because there's a limit on short-term changes to trucking and delivery needs of the supplier. So, it really is all over the board.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Yes. If you look to the chart, which went down, so it's that -- last summer or last spring it was negative, more refunds than new things being bought. It really got back to almost normal. I'm talking about, bookings of resort vacations and -- to Hawaii and to Mexico and things like that.  And just a month ago -- month-and-a-half, two months ago, at the monthly budget being the charts were showing us it's almost back to where it was pre-COVID. And then it fell like a rock, not as bad as it was at its drought last spring, but it's certainly calmed down. Cars were not hit as bad, but that will fluctuate based on, again, what's going on out there.
Richard Galanti: Right. We're currently not doing it. We discontinued it, for now, we'll try some new things somewhere sometime, but at this point, we got a lot of good things going on and we really didn't see a lot of traction in it.
Richard Galanti: I wouldn't say that. I think food -- fresh turns so fast, it turns more than 50 times a year or whatever. And we've got a hot price on strip steaks or keeping the rotisserie chicken and for $0.99, that's going to impact you a little faster.
Richard Galanti: But the comment here is that we're not going to change the price of muffins every week. So, we'll take a little less margin on some items. I think it's all over the board. But at the end of the day, it's an art form, not a science, or not straight across, we're going to do this much on every item.
Richard Galanti: Mostly. Pharmacy and Optical have. Food courts have come back, Hearing Aids not quite yet, but much better than it was at its trough --
Richard Galanti: First of all, as it relates to pricing and elasticity, I think if we were considered the best Company in the world with data analytics, we would still not use it for price elasticity. We're going to do what we do as merchants and look at competitive prices, and see how low we can mark something up.  And the old saying from years ago, we want to improve margins and lower prices at the same time by buying better and doing those things. So, I don't see that happening at all. As it relates to the other aspect of that, that's coming. We made a big investment in what I'll call data analytics for us because we went from darn near 0 to something.  But brought on a VP of data analytics a year ago in March. There's been a lot of progress, a lot of focus to date has been on the merchandising side, providing better tools to buy and to project, and things like that. I think you'll see more of that over the next year, but again, we're getting there.  I always look at it as just some of the things that others are doing that will help. It's low-hanging fruit for us because we haven't done it yet, but we'll keep going. But that's where a lot of the data analytic function to date in this past year as we built a department around it, has been just that.
Richard Galanti: I think there's a little bit of both. There is a little bit of taking it where you can get it right now, and certainly, we're consciously bringing in. I think I mentioned even what was the furniture where the cycle has gone from 12 and 14 weeks to 16 and 18, we're bringing in early. And certainly, on seasonal things, we'll do that on some items. But it's a mixed bag just because we're pivoting and blocking and tackling in 12 different directions like everybody.
Richard Galanti: It's both. I am sorry, what? Margins have generally stayed the same, I mean, we gave you some examples on the side of the fresh food, where it's changed and why, but generally speaking, I think there is, again, a lot of moving parts and we continue to figure out how to balance it.
Richard Galanti: Well, I mean, I'm not on a specific product example, but the fact is, one we've got strong relationships and good buying power with our vendors. When we're eating a little bit into something, we're asking in some cases for them to eat a little bit into it. During these times, we're constantly figuring out how to be where they're any cost savings to offset some of the cost increases.  Whether it's packaging or whatever it might be. And so, I mean, I think one of the things that help us is that we're worried about managing 3,800 items, not 100,000 items or 50,000 items, and that's helped us. Yeah, there are times where we'll be pivoting in and out of items for that reason also. Sorry to be vague but it really is, there are just so many different things out there.
Richard Galanti: Well, thank you, everyone will be around for any additional questions, and have a good week and talk to you next time.
