Richard Galanti: No. Keep in mind, benefits is everything from healthcare to FICA, to vacation and sick leave. It’s everything. It’s not just healthcare. The big one that has the most inflation in it, of course, is healthcare costs, and to a lesser extent, but percentage-wise this quarter, workers comp. But roughly for every payroll dollar it’s about 50%, another $0.50 in the U.S., and less in other countries.
Richard Galanti: Maybe 80-20 if you just did healthcare and benefits, yes. But I don’t have the exact number off the top of my head.
Richard Galanti: I don’t think it was up that high, no. I don’t have that level of detail in front of me, but the big issue is, as I mentioned earlier, keep in mind, given we’re talking about $25 billion sales numbers, every basis point is $2-2.5 million. Just accruals on a billion dollar annual U.S. healthcare cost and a $150 million annual workers comp cost, when you look at different actuarial numbers, you’re always going to get plus or minus a few basis points. Sometimes plus, sometimes minus. And it’s kind of like, as I mentioned on some of the discrete income tax items, on those small little things, more went in the positive than in the negative. A couple of them were in the negative and the positive here. So is healthcare and workers comp in the U.S. still inflationary? Yes. Healthcare, I think, is definitely in the low double digits in terms of the percentage dollar growth in Q2.
Richard Galanti: You know, it’s somewhere in the 4-5 range. We’ve given up on trying to figure it out, since there’s so many other moving parts now, with international and manufacturing businesses, and everything else we do in life.
Richard Galanti: Well, I don’t know the units off the top of my head. I would guess, we tend to try to build bigger packs and better quality. And there are examples, as you’ve known in the past, from the tuna fish, where we sold our brand, which is packaged at a higher spec, higher quality than the leading national brands, at a higher price but a greater value. Let’s assume on average it’s a lower price point by 10% or 20% versus what we would sell the brand for. You know, private label is in the low 20s, and continues to grow. And you know, when we talk about aspirational numbers, we’d like to see a three in front of it instead of a two. But I don’t know how long that takes. Certainly we keep adding new items. In the last couple of years, we’ve certainly added several items in apparel and canned goods, those types of items. I think I mentioned last quarter on the call, like the KS men’s wool slacks, which is a very high quality slack, at $50 or $60, where we’ve gone from low six-digit units to closing in on a million units a year. So those are the kinds of things that eke out some numbers too.
Richard Galanti: Again, there’s 100 moving parts. At the end of the day, I think you were one of the ones that pointed it out earliest, back in Q4 of ’11, as we were “investing in price” and seeing some of the numbers come down, overall gross margins. Certainly, as I mentioned, the core is where a lot of it is. We saw that year over year trend flatten out in the last two quarters relative to being down 10 to 15 basis points on a year over year basis each quarter last year.
Richard Galanti: We really don’t see a lot of difference elsewhere. We generally try to be fiercely competitive everywhere. First of all, I think it would be too early to tell. I haven’t looked that closely, but nobody has also mentioned in the last few budget meetings anything regionally big in terms of margin change. I’m not suggesting it’s not a little lower. It may very well be. I just don’t know off the top of my head.
Richard Galanti: Well, just like we’ve done with our bricks and mortar warehouses, when we go into a new country we do it slowly, and we see how it goes. So don’t expect to see us in five more countries in the next 12 months. We certainly want to expand it, and we’ll do so over the next few years in a methodical way. So our strategy is the same, do it as we normally do stuff. I think we’ve expanded some of the product categories to test some apparel items, and there’s a little bit of overlap there, but it’s still small. Historically, over the last few years, the view was this was an extension of our product line, not the same product line that we have in the warehouse. Typically, I used to hear numbers in the 80-90% range was not overlapping with the warehouse. And maybe it’s a little lower percent today, but by no means going dramatically in that other direction. We still don’t put our stuff online of what’s in every warehouse, and what the sales prices are in the warehouse and the bricks and mortar. One of the challenges in a fast-turning business like ours is we can sell that stuff pretty quickly. We’d hate for a member to look at something and it says we have units in locations they’re going to go shop at or something, and it not be there. So at this point, we’ll continue to do what we do, and we’re pleased with what we’ve seen so far with the replatforming and all the little growth pains that you have when you redo stuff. As you might expect, it was more of a hassle for the buyers as they’re learning how to use the new system and putting stuff on. But we’re doing fine.
Richard Galanti: I’d like to think we’re wonderful. It’s everything we do. You know, the mantra around here is, as you’ve known for a long time, is constantly driving quality up and prices down, and never being static, and constantly pushing ourselves and improving. I think Executive member certainly helps. Gas and food I’m convinced, over the last four and a half years of a bad economy, has certainly driven more frequency. That helps. And more food. So any time we get another reason why you want to come shop at Costco, it’s another reason why you’re going to renew every year. And you know, we try not to disappoint. And then to a lesser extent it’s, you know, on Amex, there’s autorenewal, of course. You can opt out of it. A cardholder can opt out of it. But certainly that’s, in my view, less of an issue right now because the rate of increase is not as big as it used to be.
Richard Galanti: Nothing philosophical. A couple of things I mentioned on prior calls in the last several fiscal quarters are things like increased penetration in non-U.S. and Canada markets, where certainly in non-U.S. markets they related to healthcare costs, lower wage relative to price points in those markets. So you have a little lower payrolls, you certainly have lower healthcare costs. Those types of things help that. Increasing penetration. I know I’ve mentioned over the last few years, a couple of times, on a qualitative basis, the word focus. And as wonderful, again, as we think we are, in being efficient, when the economy got bad, everybody looks to see what can you do better? And what should you stop doing that you used to do but you don’t need to do? And it’s those little things. I think, in the past year, I mentioned the example of overtime hours. We are probably pretty good at managing and minimizing overtime hours, but once we started getting all the 12 or 15 or so senior VPs of operations around the U.S. and the world every month at the budget meeting to report on it, guess what? When total hours were going up 3-plus percent year over year, or 3.5% to 4%, or whatever it was, overtime hours were going down 20-plus percent. Again, that’s a year or two [spend] benefit, but those are the kinds of things that we’ve gotten better at. I think getting back to John Heinbockel’s question earlier, about what do you need in comp sales, one of my canned answers in the last few years has been who knows what exactly the expense leverage is. I can only tell you that I believe that whatever it used to be is a lower number now because we’ve gotten a little better in the bad economy.
Richard Galanti: Well, we try not to signal other than to say… I know last year, as each quarter we showed that the core year over year [unintelligible] compared to the prior respective quarters of the prior year, when they were down 10 and 15 basis points year over year, that people would say, well, once you anniversary that for four quarters, does that mean you’re investing in prices and getting more? And of course I would say, there’s no telling what it will be. We’ll continue to do what we do for a living. Certainly we are confident that we want to try to increase earnings and sales, but we’re going to try to do it by driving sales and lowering expenses first. But you know, so far so good. There’s two quarters behind us this year that have shown, certainly, a better relative trend than the four fiscal quarters last year. But you know, I can’t really tell you what the next quarter or next year’s going to be.
Richard Galanti: I don’t want to sound arrogant, but we do what we do every day, and we haven’t seen any big changes out there in general. And again, we and our competitors, and probably the one you’re talking about, are both fiercely competitive, and as I’ve said in the past, direct warehouse club competition, most particularly with Sam’s, is going to be the most competitive that we have, and that hasn’t changed over the years. As we get questions about what happens when the supermarkets are doing something or other forms of retail food and sundries, as an example, that’s less of a direct impact, with the exception of a few areas like fresh foods and fresh meats and everything, and some cuts of beef. But other than that, we haven’t seen any dramatic deltas.
Richard Galanti: Years ago, it used to be bigger, because we had a smaller base of units, even in the U.S., and we’re opening, you know, a half a dozen units in L.A. or something like that. And we’ve always just given it out. And then it got down so it was maybe a quarter of a percent cannibalization. And now it’s back up to 50 or 60 in the last year. And yeah, it’s not going to change dramatically from that. Certainly as we continue to ramp up expansion it stays in that range. I don’t ever see it going to, you know, 1.5% or 2%. I don’t know if it gets up from 50 or 60 to 80, but it probably stays up there as we continue to open, particularly in some of these new international markets, where we have very high volume units that we’ve got to cannibalize them and get more locations open.
Richard Galanti: No, I think the U.S. one is one that’s just delayed for six or nine months, and I’m not sure about the other one. No, nothing unusual.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think we’ve spoken generally, and there have been articles in the local and national press in those countries, like France and Spain, and I would say over the next couple of years, we hope to be open, but it’s a long process in some of these countries as it relates to the zoning and the permitting and the approval and the appeals of residential and other businesses. So there’s a lot of things going on. But we have people landed in a few different countries, including those two. And those are the most likely, but again, once we know more, we’ll let you know.
Richard Galanti: The only area I’m hearing a little more inflation still is in protein, beef and poultry and pork. And that relates both to international demand for some of those items as well as the costs associated with the drought last year and grain prices, and corn and wheat and things like that. As freight costs have gone up a little, I don’t think they went all the way down when freight costs peaked a few years ago, and then came back down, so I’m not hearing a lot of inflationary talk out there. On balance, there’s not a lot going either way with the exception of protein. That’s really all I’ve heard from our buyers.
Richard Galanti: On the first question, your thoughts are generally correct. On the second question, I probably need to go look at it again, but historically, since we generally try to get openings done - I’m thinking of the U.S. holiday and seasonal calendar here, but you can take it to each country and do that as well. But generally speaking, we’d love to get every location opened as soon as possible, and every location opened the week before back to school and Labor Day to enjoy, again, Labor Day, back to school, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, seasonal, you name it, New Years. And that’s why there’s typically more done… And then of course if you’re trying to push those to get open, you probably slow down a little bit in January and February. So I think if you look back at the calendar, probably there is a little lumpiness of openings, probably not as much as there used to be. But then because of deferred accounting, and such a big piece is the total now, it’s not as lumpy. It tempers some of that lumpiness even more.
Richard Galanti: No. We kind of joke about that we don’t spend a lot of time trying to analyze, other than driving the quality and lowering the prices and everything else will take care of itself. But I know back when the payroll tax holiday occurred, and some of those same companies were talking about how it did help them a little bit, and when asked, we basically indicated and looked at it, and indicated that we didn’t really see much benefit from it. So I think the same thing is happening on the tail end the other way. It can’t help, but it doesn’t really seem to be impacting our numbers.
Richard Galanti: Look, every day our people in our membership marketing department are coming up with ways to drive both new members and converting members to the Executive member, and then a higher percentage of new members are signing up as Executive members. I think we’ve done a good job over the last few years of doing that. I remember a few years back for every 100 members that signed up in the U.S., 10 or 12 were Executive members, and then a few years later it was in the low to mid-20s. Why? Because we started focusing on it a little bit in the warehouse. Not doing a whole lot of fancy stuff, but just doing the 80-20 rule that we’re pretty good at. You know, what are the simple things we can do to drive this. Certainly, trying to get people to also do the triple value play that we jokingly call it, is to also sign up for the Amex co-brand card. So all those things drive frequency, drive loyalty, drive sales. And so we’re constantly looking at ways to do that. I think ultimately it’s got to slow down a little bit. We’ve now had it in the U.S. for 13 or 14 years, and Canada for 7 or 9 years I think, and a few other countries for less time than that. Those other countries, though, are much smaller pieces of the total company pie. So I think I would expect it to continue to come down a little bit, and I actually think 15 a week is still pretty good.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think it has less to do, if I think about it - I’ll take the United States - with the typically geographic areas other than the operators in those areas push it a little harder. And we try to learn from them. And one of the benefits, I think, of our ’13 four-week meetings, every four weeks, so 13 times a year, 13 fiscal period meetings out here for two and a half days, is each of those 15 or so senior VPs of operations, and in this example in the U.S. , the eight senior VPs of operations, gets up and one of the things they talk about is what’s going on in these areas. And what are the new things they’ve done to drive whatever? I think some do focus more than others. And we try to learn from that.
Richard Galanti: Absolutely. Okay, I see what you’re saying. I don’t have that number in front of me, but if it’s roughly a third or a little over a third overall, it’s probably, in the U.S., in the mid to high 30s. Let’s just make up a number here, 36. If it’s 36, I would bet you, across the 430-plus locations, it would range anywhere from the high 20s to the low 50s. But I’m shooting from the hip with that answer.
Richard Galanti: I don’t think it’s a big deal in the next two quarters. There’s no Easter shift. It’s in the same quarter. I don’t think there’s a whole big deal there. Now, of course, in Q4 last year, it was a 17-week quarter, and I haven’t looked that far out in terms of when Labor Day falls and that stuff. If Sunday, September 1 is fiscal year end, so I guess Labor Day is the second. So that might affect it a little bit too, but I haven’t thought through that yet.
Richard Galanti: Well, one of the cost components, of course, online, and in store as well, is what we call bank charges, which is credit, debit, and other fees related to vault and cash and currency and check cashing. And online, we, of course, have the ability to, since you can’t pay by cash or check online, we also accept other national forms of credit cards. Of course, in store, exclusively American Express in terms of branded national cards. And it’s higher merchants fee elsewhere, so we have a higher bank charge line. Although we have, overall, a much lower SG&A number online, because 75%-plus of the goods are shipped factory direct. So there’s a lot less handling. As a percent of sales, online is a more profitable business than bricks and mortar, but we do both.
Richard Galanti: Probably six is a little high, but given that we were at three, and now we’re getting towards five, that’s a good sign. I think there’s certainly a lot more in the pipeline now to give me a little more credibility with you in terms of what we talked about at the beginning of the year. And there’s always going to be a couple that fall out, because we try to be optimistic that everything we’ve got going on is going to work and get done on time, and maybe push the envelope at the end of any fiscal year to [unintelligible] still open. Two years ago I was feeling that let’s try to get into the low 20s at least, and we did 20 in 16. We thought we’d be in this fiscal year and be talking about 30, and I think we have a good chance of actually hitting the 28. I think that going forward Craig would like to see it have a three in front of it, but probably a very low three in front of it. So, you know, if I was a betting person, over the next three years, fiscal ’14, ’15, and ’16, 27 to 33 or 34, which would give you a 30 estimate. But I could off a few. I think we’ve got enough in the pipeline to be able to do that. And we’ll go from there.
Richard Galanti: I would be willing to bet it’s the former reason, not the latter. A lot of it just has to do with timing. And keep in mind, with reopenings, let’s say that we’re doing a lease, not an own, and you get the property four or five months in advance of opening. And we might have a few hundred thousand dollar charge per period for rent expense, which is preopening prior to the opening day. That alone might be a little over a million dollars on a location. Now, that’s the exception, not the rule, since we own a lot of the units. And certainly when we’re building a multistory unit with parking and two stories of retail on a two-acre site in Japan or Korea, it takes a lot longer to do, so you might have even more preopening. And some of those are leased. So those are the kinds of things that will bump that number up the other way. So overall, again, like everything around here, each location has a preapproved by Jeff and Craig, and the heads of the respective operations heads in those areas, of what preopening is going to be, and we hit it and miss it. But overall, we have a pretty good handle on what it is. The thing we don’t have a good handle on sometimes when there’s, again, a two or three month delay because of soils issues or rain or freezing ground, couldn’t get the foundation laid before the ground froze. That could be $200,000 to $800,000 on a location of preopening during those several months.
Richard Galanti: On the deflation, if I look at the [unintelligible], what we call foods and sundries, foods was down a little, about half a percent. Sundries was up less than 20 basis points. Apparel was down a little bit. Electronics and appliances were down a little bit more than that, but still less than 2 percentage points. A [unintelligible], which is a mixture of things, including gas and sporting goods and office and auto, is down a shade, and then alcohol and tobacco, beer, and wine is up a shade. But overall, it’s down a little over a half a percent from the beginning of the year. And again, certainly the bigger deflationary items are still electronics. And sometimes there’s deflationary items like… I’m looking at the top 20 deflationary components. You know, there’s, aside from a small amount from gas, and the biggest chunk is electronics, pecans, they’re down 20%. Well, that’s because they were probably double last year, or whatever it was. So sometimes you have these giant commodity price increases a year ago, particularly in the nuts category or something, grains, and then it comes down the other way.
Richard Galanti: I think right at $200,000 of it was electronics. And another $75,000-plus of it was small electrics. And then we definitely expanded apparel. I gave the example of the wool pants. We’ve got a much better, I think, commitment to apparel. And then there’s a lot of little stuff everywhere else. But the single biggest component is consumer electronics. And you know, you go into the warehouse, you see a lot of 60-inch and 80-inch TVs now. And tablets.
Richard Galanti: Right now, it’s an expanded assortment. It’s not the same. Certainly you’re going to see some overlap on electronics or a few apparel items, but you’re going to see more SKU selection online. Whatever changes you’re going to see there are going to be very slow in terms of percentages, because the brick and mortar is so big.
Richard Galanti: No, I don’t have the exact basis points in front of me, but like workers comp, I think there was a couple of basis points there. And my guess is there’s a little catch up in that number. Again, I get back to the income tax. We benefited by several million dollars - I’m not talking about the big, $62 million number, but there are discrete items. Usually, when you’ve got to squeeze anything, there’s two or three pluses and two or three minuses, and it balances out to be very little, a basis point or two. My guess is there were three or four here. So it’s not a whole lot. I wouldn’t read a whole lot into that.
Richard Galanti: Probably a little more of them are leased or at least ground leased. And with long term ground leases. We still try to buy where we can, and I think we’re getting a little more aggressive on that, but it’s hard to predict. I think overall, we’re in the low 80s in terms of how many we own. But I know even in the U.S., when interest rates plummeted four years ago, a lot of times, when you have an individual landowner, they don’t want the cash. And so we’ve done a few more leases in the U.S. as well in the last several years. But certainly there’s probably a higher proportion of those done in areas like Asia. I think we own more in Japan. Like, Korea, I think we lease more. But every country’s a little different. And the three Asia countries, I think, overall, there’s more leases there, of course, than in the U.S.
Richard Galanti: No, I think on an ongoing basis, looking over the next few quarters, and this is a guess, it’s somewhere in the three to four basis point year over year. I think it was higher in Q1, it was closer to flat in Q2. But some of that is just, again, timing of things. You also capitalize some of those costs. Again, overall, my guess, over a two or three year period, it’s going to add sometimes three, sometimes five.
Richard Galanti: I don’t think there have been any big buckets, even, by the way, I did mention the overtime. 20%-plus reduction in overtime hours. That was several million dollars a year, maybe a basis point or two over a couple of years. But nothing like everybody thought that RFID would free up the front end and reduce our biggest labor cost area. That ain’t happening. But we have done a better job [unintelligible] and tackling the little things. And there’s still the focus out there, but other than driving sales, again little things here, but we’ve streamlined and tested and now rolling out how we return merchandise. In some cases, not doing it at the warehouse but bringing it into some of the depots. And if that can continue to work, do we save a few million here, $5 million there? Yes. But there’s no giant thing out there.
Richard Galanti: I don’t know. We’re going to do in the high twos for the year on whatever your budget is for total sales for the company, so it’s 2.5% of sales, and up in the low teens.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think with electronics, the biggest takeaway is our TV sales in general. TV sales are the biggest piece of electronics. While that was down slightly in February, over the last several months it’s been up in the mid to very high single digits. And a lot of that, I’ve been told in the budget meetings, relates to the fact that we’ve done very well with 60-80 inch TVs. As you know, we stopped selling some of the Apple products, the ones that we were allowed to sell, maybe two years ago, so on that low base, we are starting to sell some of the other tablets and the like. The cellphone business is pretty good. But again, it’s all dwarfed by TVs.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think sales are up a little better than they have been, but the first thing is I know for the months leading up to it, everybody was warning us, from our own dotcom people to the IT people, that the day you flip the switch is not the day you start to see immediate benefit, because it takes time to build the clicks and all that stuff. But again, kind of like the other things we do, we’re methodical and slow about it, and it’s showing some improvement. But off the top of my head, I can’t give you any specifics.
Richard Galanti: Jim is on vacation this week, but yes, he’s still here a lot. Somebody asked me the other day, you go to Craig to ask questions, to get permission to do stuff. And Jim’s still traveling, and he’s still on the board, of course, and I see him quite a bit. But to his credit, and I think to the company’s success, it’s been a very good a little over three-year transition with he and Craig, and he’s still traveling a lot to openings and with the merchants and with Craig, and spends a lot of time with Craig and Jeff still. But he’s doing a good job of staying away a little more. If you asked me six months ago, I would have said he’s in the office 80% of the time. Now it’s still well above 50%. But we’ll see. He’s still doing well.
Richard Galanti: I’ll give you some general numbers. Keep in mind, when we talk about opening day signups, it’s for the generally 8-12 weeks leading up to the opening day, when the parking lot’s partly done and you can get in and out of the parking lot, and people come in and sign up in advance of opening. There’s the little flags outside and the whole bit with the table and activities. And you know, in the U.S., when we’ve opened a new unit, even in a very strong existing market, you might have a few thousand signups, because you’ve already got a lot of people in that market, and it’s not like this giant thing for a new market. I was at an opening back in the Carolinas four or five months ago. And it’s a relatively medium-sized town, less than a million people, and a brand new market, and through opening day signups for those several weeks, and they’re all booked, if you will, starting on opening day, was in the 6,000 or 7,000, which was better than we would have thought. We have some openings that we’ve done over in Asia and Australia, where through opening day we’ve had anywhere from 20,000-60,000 members signed up. Now, mind you, you’re going to have a much lower renewal rate on those a year later, but our membership numbers, and we’ve been in Japan for a while now, and we also have some new units there, the number of members per unit over there is a little over double what the company is running. So it’s a little different metric in some of those markets. Quite a bit. So when you open four or five of those, that’s going to jump your membership increase, the number of members, recognizing we don’t use deferred accounting for counting members, but for their dollars we do. Okay, well thank you. Bob and Jeff and I are around. Appreciate your time today.
