Richard Galanti: Well, certainly, I don't think you should interpret anything related to why or when. Historically, we always look at things like do we feel we can -- we look at ourselves in the mirror, do we feel that we've continued to increase the value of the membership. Certainly, we look at renewal rates we look less at what others do, frankly, but certainly is out there what others are doing. And what I do note is that I looked at the last three increases over the last 15 years, and on average, they were done about every 5.5 -- a little over every 5.5 years, about five years and seven months. And five years from the anniversary of the June of '17 would be this June. So I think the question will continue to be asked until we do or don't do something. But at the end of the day, we certainly feel very good about our member loyalty our success in getting members to move to executive member, which are the most loyal. And so you guys will know when we tell you, and at some point, it will happen, but stay tuned.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Yes. Look, recognizing -- I'd like to think it was that easy that we could plan it and get there. Sometimes we get there, but 10 different variables go in 10 different directions than we had planned. There's lots of moving parts to it. The fact of the matter is we certainly have confidence in our competitive position and our confidence to get some margin as we go forth.  The fact of the matter is, our margins -- our gross margins are still even on core-on-core higher than they were two years ago. We had outsized margins two years ago, most particularly in fresh. When you had 20% and 30% increases in fresh, you darn near eliminated spoilage and – where are the 2s. Labor - you improved dramatically labor productivity in fresh. And you darn near eliminated all your spoilage. Some of that's not sustainable. So -- but even with some of the giveback, if you will, on a two-year stack, if you will, we've -- we're still showing higher year-over-year numbers on core-on-core.  The other thing is as we've said, and we don't sit around and just pound our chest on it. Despite these inflationary pressures, we've tried to hold where we can. Now needless to say you can't do that in near in its entirety. -- but we've probably been a little later than others in terms of raising some things in our view. We've worked with our suppliers to eat a little of it and we eat a little of it. And I think that these margins, particularly given the sales strength and the operating leverage, allow us to be ever more competitive and drive our business.  So when asked the question, as many of you know, over the years, who's our toughest competitor? It's us. And I don't really look at this as being a reflection of what's going on there. We're ever competitive. We're always checking our competition, and we feel that, that competitive - our competitive position is as strong as ever.
Richard Galanti: Yes certainly, on the fresh and the fact that we're at higher sales levels, that allows for higher labor productivity and hopefully a little lower D&D or spoilage. I don't disagree with what you say, but there's -- never know what's going to happen tomorrow. I know that for 35 years, when things get better, we figure out how to give a little more of it back. And certainly, right now, with all the inflation, first and foremost, is getting merchandise on the shelves and then mitigating those various cost components as much as you can, which is not a lot. And again, but hopefully being as, if not a little more competitive than others.
Richard Galanti: Well, we like when they feel more comfortable, frankly. Look, our most direct competitor is Sam's. We -- and I'm sure they do to do comp shops every week in every – darn near every location. We feel good about those gaps. It's not that they've widened or shrunk that overall, they're a tough competitor, and so are we.  As it rates to other traditional, yes, you've seen -- I think we've called out strength in gas business. I think overall, what I read externally about gross margins in retail gas by the supermarkets and others is up. And there's a little bit more -- that gives us breathing room as well. But we want to be ever more competitive.
Richard Galanti: Not no, and we haven't. I think certainly, the more inflation creates some demand pressure. I'd like to think some of that inflation or wanting to shop across and save more frankly. But we haven't seen that. 
Richard Galanti: We haven't seen that. The only time in my recollection is a number of years ago, when prices got to $4, $5, Alan, and like then and now, we see our gallons improve relatively speaking because we're still the cheapest game. At some point, if it goes to 5 people stop driving a little bit, it's hard to state. I'd like to think that the hybrid models of working has helped a little bit there.
Richard Galanti: It's interesting. On the one hand, the only thing I can think of is in fresh when there's been big fluctuations in prices or big increase in prices on beef relative to chicken or something, you'll see some trade down within the protein family. Other than that, a couple of anomalies that are perverse in the sense that it's almost just the opposite. We've seen strength in jewelry and in big-ticket furniture items and the like. And more conversions to executive membership, which, again, there's more value long term to that customer, but it's adding $60 to their fee. SP-7 Got it.
Richard Galanti: Now it's going up perhaps at a little less so. The bigger slope was probably 4 to 2 months ago, and it's gone up from there. I think if I recall, there was a little low -- talking to the buyers a little low in the last couple of months of the year. But many suppliers are already talking back 2 months prior to that to come January, we'll be coming back and talking to you again.
Richard Galanti: Well, at some point, we'll figure out what to do. And mind you, our Q2 balance sheet, Q 2 and balance sheet is probably the highest point from a seasonal standpoint because you've built a lot of sales and you still have some of the bills to pay from the Christmas time, not a lot, but some. And frankly, knock on wood, our operating cash flow has certainly exceeded what we had expected 2 years ago. So yes, there is a little more. At some point, certainly, one of the arrows in our quiver is a special dividend along with the regular dividend increase that we've done every year, as well as some stock buybacks.  But first and foremost is CapEx. CapEx this year of $4-ish plus million is up from the $3 million, $3.5 million over the last couple of years and up from numbers lower than that, the 2 to 4 years prior to that. So that's, first and foremost, what we want to spend money on. But we've done 4 specials and as one of the Board members said as we are a little quirky and it seems to have worked for us. So it's certainly an arrow in a quiver, but we haven't made any decision at this point.
Richard Galanti: I think we -- that doesn't hurt, but at the -- honestly, at the end of the day, first and foremost, the factors that doesn't give us any concerns is the fact that our sales are strong. Our renewal rates and loyalty are at all-time highs. So that's all positive. And yes, when we do it, we use it to be even more competitive. So on the one hand, you might argue that because of inflation would this allow us to mitigate some of that. We're already doing that, by the way, without a fee increase. But we've done it 7 times in 35 years, and sometime between summer and 6 or 9 months down the road, is it likely? It's possible, but we'll have to wait and see. But we don't really consider what with Amazon or what we were asked the question the other way with some of our direct warehouse club competitors that theirs is -- they have not changed their in a number of years. And that does not concern us either. We look at what we're doing, how it affects our members -- and we look at ourselves in the Americas have we improved the value of the membership. And we've always felt that we've done that in a more dramatic fashion in these increases. And then we take those increases and use it to become even more competitive. So I cannot give you an answer other than we feel good about if and when we want to do it, we'll be able to
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, certainly in this quarter as well, the bottom line margin improvement was the sum of great expense improvement and some margin detriment, I'm taking out all the anomalies of each. And that's the way we want to do it. The old saying is we want to lower prices and raise margins. Same thing is we want to improve the bottom line while not raising prices. And I'm not talking about necessarily specific inflation right now. I think I recall a few of these -- of you on the call might remember this when we had our made first and last all hands all meeting out here with about 300 people.  And at the time, we had a 2.8% pretax return on sales, pretax. And our founder was up there saying that we're a great company and great companies deserve to make good money. And over the next several years, we wanted to go from 2.8 to a number. I won't get everybody excited, but a bigger number. And at the end of the day, it went up and down, but it has improved. I think that -- we got a lot of great things going on. We're not embarrassed to make money for our shareholders as well, but we're going to do it within the confines of being ever more competitive from a pricing and value standpoint to our members.
Richard Galanti: It would be the all-inclusive yes. It's all of the above. I remember when we had particularly strong early in the Christmas holidays, Thanksgiving, Christmas holiday season. We had strength. Part of that was bringing in some things early. Part of it was this increased demand that COVID has created for goods for the home and the shortages of those same goods. And so once they hit the shelves, you sold quickly.  And then, of course, it was a little -- it was still positive, but a little less than that trend at the end of the calendar year. And without doing a lot of work, it seemed like that was the reason. Then you've got storms that affect the things. You've got shifts and things like Chinese and Lunar New Year. We really don't spend a lot of time doing that. We try to understand why overall something -- some level of sales either generally reduced increase, we don't worry about it as much. And -- but I don't think we spend a lot of time thinking about that. We're -- as we've been reminded from the day of our founding, we're a top line company and it's all about driving sales and value. And it's going to be as good as we can get it. And -- so we don't read a lot into what you asked.
Richard Galanti: I would say we're more aggressive when things are good, and -- we're aggressive when things are good and bad. I remember somebody years ago asked the question, given that sales for whatever reason, had been weak for a month or 2. And that was more the reason to be even more strong on pricing. And I think actually had related to a pending membership fee increase based on this kind of 5-plus year anniversary. And the view was, no, our members are loyal and we're going to use it to drive more sales. So no, I don't -- I think we're still boarded that same DNA of trying to constantly drive more value and not worry about how strong or weak we are today, just keep driving more value and if we keep focusing on that, nobody can catch us.
Richard Galanti: Well, in theory, you don't get it back. If -- as I said earlier, if inflation is continuing, you should see some additional LIFO charges, maybe not as big, but who knows. And at some point, at the beginning, as you start a new fiscal year, you've had whatever LIFO charge you'll have for this past year. And those -- that's kind of the new set point for costs for each item.  And then to the extent if there's additional inflation relative to that starting point, you'll have some additional IPO next year. If things came down a little bit, let's say things -- I'm making these numbers up in the extreme. But things were up in 1 year, 20% and the next year, they were down 10%. You had a big LIFO charge this year, and you actually have some LIFO credit in the following year.
Richard Galanti: On the Atlanta question, past history has indicated, yes, not in a big way, but the answer is yes, directionally. As it relates to if prices come down, if our costs come down, we want to be the first to lower the price, period.
Richard Galanti: I think if you asked us two years ago, how would the next two years be in terms of new member sign-ups, we would be positive. But we probably have achieved greater than those expected -- than our own expectations, by a little. And so arguably that it was not just the stimulus, but notwithstanding the stimulus, there wasn't a lot of positive feelings out there in terms of the consumer and we did just fine.  So one of the good things that we've been blessed with that we are the extreme value proposition, and it generally bodes well for us in good and bad economic times. And so I think we don't pay a lot of attention to it other than really being focused on driving price and value of our products and services and taking care of the customer and then the rest seems to work.
Richard Galanti: Well, we continue to raise them as others have, and we will continue to do that. The biggest single area of challenge is, one, we're headquartered in Seattle, which has become an increasingly expensive market. And within that, IT, where you not only have 3 big-hits, but the next 3 tech behemoths all have 10,000 to 20,000 employees in this town as well. So we've had to raise wages there and didn't happen overnight in the last 2 weeks. It's happened continually over the last couple of years.  And we will also lose a few people because we're not 100% work from home. We have a -- we think, a good fair hybrid work model. But for some -- a few, they want that. Overall, though, if you look at our total compensation and benefits package, 90% of our employees are hourly in the warehouse. And we -- while maybe there's a city or 2 where we've got to occasionally start it 1 step above the entry level, we've continued to raise the wages, as I mentioned in the thing and we'll do it again.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Well, the biggest one is gas, and that's gone nothing but up. And again, as I mentioned earlier, the retail competitive price pressure is probably lessened over the last couple of years. TravelU mentioned is 1 that has been extreme ups and downs. There was a period during the mid-2020 year lockouts -- as COVID lockouts, where we had negative -- we had lost money in the business and had negative revenues because you're getting more cancellations and no new orders, and that fluctuate. It's come back. It fell a little bit with Delta. It came back after that. It fell a little bit with Omnicom, although now we seem to be upon the upward trend, and it is profitable, not as profitable as it was 2 years ago. but continue in that direction. Huge business and both vacation packages as well as auto renewal -- rental cars and the like.  So that's a business that's coming out nicely. It was businesses like where there's face-to-face touch, if you will, with -- in our hearing aid and optical shops. That was actually closed for a number of weeks in the mid-2020. But just for 10 or 15 weeks, I think, that's come back as well. Food courts have come back because we have shares in tables back out and we expanded the menu. So overall, a few of those ancillary business, they're not back to where they were, but they're getting there. And then, of course, the one business that dwarfs all the other is gas, just in its size and its increased profitability. So overall, ancillary is doing fine and some of the ones that were hurt the most are picking up.
Richard Galanti: I don't have that detail in front of me. Margins are up, prices are up, and it's a huge business. It's a little more than 10% of our sales. It's a $20-plus million business now. Recognizing there's been, as I mentioned earlier, a 30-plus percent increase in just the price per gallon. But it's definitely been up the last couple of years and it's less volatile than it was 5 and 10 years ago in terms of a big margin fluctuation. But I don't have the detail like 2 years ago.
Richard Galanti: Sure. I mean if you had asked me 5 years ago, how many -- 5 years hence or now how many -- what would it look like 5 years ago, we were opening about 25 a year, call it, 26 to make the math easy for a second. And maybe 70-30 U.S. and Canada, our most successful mature -- most mature markets. And then over the next 5 or 10 years, the 70-30 would probably go to 60-40 outside of the U.S. and Canada. And here we are 5 years into that incorrect answer, and we're pretty 65, 35 U.S. Canada for 2 reasons. Partly is our expectations of what we can do in the U.S. and Canada has increased, not just in the last 5 years, but in general, over many years; and it's taken a little longer the time lines internationally, although we've got more feet on the ground and more stuff looking.  So if you ask me today, I look 5 years from now, we'll go from 65-35 or whatever excess today, probably down to 50-50 I think the good news with that answer from that perspective is, is that we feel we still have plenty of opportunities in the U.S. and Canada, and we've ramped up our activities to do more in these other countries where we've also been quite successful.  The -- if you said -- asked over the next 10 years, we're opening, I think, this year, 16 of our 28 are in the U.S. I could be off by 1 or 2. Our view is there's no reason to think for the next 10 years, we can't open 15-or-so a year in the U.S. Now mind you, 1 or 2 of those are growing to 2 or 3 will be the business centers. We now have 22 business centers in the U.S. and 5 in Canada. That's been a good adjunct to our business. But we're also -- and we're infilling I gave an example at an internal meeting yesterday, and I've given it before to you guys.  In San Jose, about 4 or 5 years ago, we opened our fourth in the Greater San Jose market. At the time, the 3 units were doing about 250 each. Now the 4 units are averaging right at 300 each averaging. And on fewer members per location because you've got existing members driving less far, so there's a combination of infill. Now we're in 46 states, so there's not a lot of additional states. We're less penetrated versus our direct competitors in certain locations in the Midwest and Texas, South and parts of the Southeast, and we're still opening there as well. So it really is a combination of all those things. I think our view is the good news is that there's still -- we're far from saturating our most saturated markets. And we've upped the adding in terms of feet on the ground, the real estate feet on the ground, if you will, in terms of getting some more into the pipeline.
Richard Galanti: Yes. A lot, I don't know exactly what we ask. I need to ask our membership marketing people. I think we've frankly been very pleased of our success of getting more existing -- more new members -- more existing members to convert and frankly, more new members to sign up initially as an executive. Mind you, 8 or 10 years ago, in the U.S. where it started, we've had it for 15 years now, probably. You came in and we just signed job, we asked you what you wanted. We didn't do a lot in maybe 20 or 25, at most 25 of every 100 signed up as an executive member. Today, it's in the 50s, closing in -- close to 60, and that's with just trying a little bit and showing them the value of it.  So I think we've done a better job of doing that. We do a better job when we go into a new country, we're now in I think 5 of our -- 6 of our countries, which are the largest ones. You want to have at least 15 or so locations before you're looking at it to put an executive membership on it. So we've toyed with the idea of having something even higher than the executive, but we always go back to the fact that what we have works very well. And so I don't think there's anything currently on our plate to change that.  We're always -- we've also asked the question, at some point, right now at 72% or 73% of our sales over the executive member, what happens when it gets to 85 or 90, do you eliminate the lower membership. At some point, we might, but that's, again, not in the cards at any time in the near future. We kind of like to what we're doing, it's working fine.
Richard Galanti: I think it picks up, Stephen, in the next year or so. The first order of business, when we brought in people on that data analytics side 2 years ago, a person, he has built a great team. And we're seeing small deliverables, first and foremost, not online, but with the merchants and to a smaller extent, with some of the operators. And there's been some real deliverables that have saved our buyers' time and those are in the process of being rolled out.  On the personalization and targeting, I think we've got a little better targeting and that -- and still have a journey on the personalization, but that will be coming. But I thank you for asking it when you said a year or two. We'll take two more questions.
Richard Galanti: Well, look, our goal for the last several years, there was the unique year of COVID where we went down to 13 openings because there were several that construction had stopped for several months in the middle of 2020. But the reality is, if you go back 5 or 6 years, we were opening 25-ish, some of the years 21 or 22-ish. And the view even then was to get up to closer to 30, certainly 25% to 30%. I think this year is we're finally hitting that with the expectation of 28 in my call this morning and call it, 26 to 30, whatever it comes out to be. And we would certainly be comfortable at 30.  One of the things that is unique is we try to be relatively methodical about it, particularly in new international markets. Once you open the first one, if it's successful, you're taking some people from that one, to help and succeed in opening the second one.  One of the things is it's the biggest cost factor on warehouse P&L is labor and efficiency. And when you're running a high-volume unit, it's helpful when you've got more people coming over from a nearby unit. So we are pretty methodical about growing somewhat slowly in new markets. We went from 1 to 5 20 years ago, over a 5-year period in Japan. We've sped up a little in China, thinking that we've opened 2 now in 3 years, and with another several in process and a couple more. So we've increased it a little bit. But we feel pretty good about that. So I would still say our rounded pat answer right now is 25% to 30%, and we'd like it to be more to 30 than 25 right now. But we're not necessarily looking at that percentage. As we get bigger, God willing and year 6 through 10, we're going to be talking about 30% to 35%, but we'll have to wait and see.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think a couple of things we've got, not in a big way, but a couple of things we've done is there's probably a little bit more diversification of suppliers, particularly on huge $300 million to $1 billion SKUs. You need a little bit more there. We've brought in certain things -- nontraditional to its season during the winter bringing in bikes because we could have access to them, and we sold them. Yes, new countries of origin. So there's a few of those things, but not in a big way. Part of our success is huge buying power per item and having less than 4,000 SKUs to do our $200 billion is quite a bit different than having even 100,000 SKUs doing $150 billion to $500 billion, depending on who the retailer is. So we've made changes, and we are more open-minded to bringing in some things. But hopefully, this thing the supply chain works out over the next couple of years in a big way, in a better way.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Well, it's like renewal rates. Renewal rates, irrespective of what it becomes 10 years hence in a location than in the market, it starts off at a lower number and builds up to the higher number. Same thing with that executive transition. We're doing better today and even in first year new markets. I think in the last couple of years, where we added executive Japan and Korea. And -- what? Yes, I mean that 42% number is hovering in the low 50s, 50 or a little higher in more mature markets. and starts off lower in other markets, but higher than it started in the previous new market a few years ago, so it grows over time. Well, thank you very much. Everyone, have a good afternoon and evening, and I appreciate you getting on the call.
