Richard Galanti: In terms of buyback, again, while we let you guys know once a quarter when we have our quarterly earnings announcement. Our intention is to start buying back stock this quarter. We continue to look at it, but I think it's a good statement to say that we will be buying something quarter. As it relates to international, we are always looking at membership fees. You know us. We tend to be long-term focused and when things are very strong over there, we want to keep pushing for even more memberships. We have the added benefit in most countries of being the only club operator and we will continue to use that benefit to look at it, but we are not in any hurry to do that.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think so, recognizing nothing is perfect. You take those things that I pointed out that in the aggregate we are five basis points. And not trying to be cute here but there is there is always those things that add up or offset each other and this quarter, year-over-year, they didn't. That's five of it. The other thing is, the biggest impact to our numbers were in those first four weeks. It's a combination of things. I think probably we budgeted it a little aggressively. Our numbers are still not bad for December for that four-week period. But there was four, five less Christmas shopping days between Thanksgiving and Christmas just based on how Thanksgiving was that fell this year. The other thing is that FX had a little less to do with it because that affects all the line items, both sales and the margin dollars, but I think some of it also is, while sales overall were satisfactory, they were little less than satisfactory in things like certain non-food seasonal categories were light. It was stronger in fresh meats. So again, as we mentioned fresh foods margins were down more and then you have the double whammy in some of the non-food categories. So on this level sales we had now, those types of things make a big difference. And again, I think overall, our margins were a little lower than we had planned, but some of it was very conscious, as you know, in some of the fresh food areas. And to get back to the leverage question, yes, I think a 4 to 5 should be able to do it but we had a few anomalies this quarter as well.
Richard Galanti: It's almost all us. I would say is, aggressively it is all us. In terms of where it is, as you might expect, it's particularly in the proteins. We talked about chickens before. We have held the price on that chicken. Those 65 or 70 million rotisserie chickens are just part of the chicken. It is also frozen and fresh. And we are seeing a little relief in some of the pricing there in some of the costing. And that's just starting. I think it's starting a little later than we did six months ago, but we should see a little bit of relief there. Really beyond that, I don't hear, meat is very competitive. Meat is at an all time high in some categories and that's raining on everybody. Beyond that, sometimes in produce, we have a little issue. Produce was the strongest. It depends when it hits and some of the shortages that impacts us a little bit, but overall, I would say meat, pork and poultry is the biggest culprit there and it's mostly us.
Richard Galanti: Well, that's part of the approach, but you again without trying to be too granular here, clearly the comment about how the impact of margins and P&L, of course, in the first four weeks versus the subsequent eight weeks that was dramatic. Part of that again was seasonal markdowns, both being aggressive and proactive and with little less sales in some areas. While TVs overall, I think, in the quarter were pretty good. You have got other areas. cameras industry-wise are down quite a bit as you might expect with everybody using smartphones, laptops, desktops, tabs as well, so there is some of that pressure and then that I really think that we probably budgeted a little off given the five few days, but at the end of the day it is hard to know whether there is - other than I can tell you is a heck a lot more was it if it was in those first four weeks, so trend wise that is good, but that doesn't tell you anything about the upcoming quarter, other than what we know that February was a little impacted by whether, so we are starting off quarter in those first two weeks. Last two weeks, February, which is first two weeks Q3…
Richard Galanti: I would say overall there is lot less pressure outside the U.S. The U.S. is fairly the most competitive with regard to the club business as well as competitive with supermarkets are probably the most competitive U.S. compared to later change everywhere, so certainly that is the case, but you know U.S. is little over 70% of our company.
Richard Galanti: I believe they did a little bit, but again world, as you know, we are all about being competitive out there and being proactive in that, but we also want to make money and we want to hopefully show some improving margins, but we are going to do what's right and each day on pricing irrespective of how it could impact margin that day. Overall, clearly, we looked at first four weeks and we took some actions and I can't tell you where, but it showed some relative improvement and that we feel good about that again this quarter is a new quarter and other than sales starting off a little weaker, we will see where it goes. Then a lot of that I think is weather, I mean, trend in the Midwest and Northeast in the Mid-Atlantic, the rain last week, I am not trying to make excuses, but it's been unbelievable. Japan, we had several locations actually closed for a few days, which is now the [nobody ever had], so lots of little things. I will try to not remind you next year when we chose a little better.
Richard Galanti: I think, it is the topic that we always talked about. I don't think there was a pushback either way. As you know, we did little over $3 billion payout to the shareholders via the special dividend last year as the stock was ever increasingly strong. As I noted in a couple of the analysts, before the market opened comments, we have been a little under consensus expectations although that's not a direction, clearly Q2 was a larger gap there. Again, I think my comment that we plan to buy some this quarter is a step in that direction. I don't want to be coy or cute about it, but we will let you know in the quarter, but we will be buying some and we will go from there. The board is, as you know, we have never looked at it as let's do this because it will be a positive message to the market, but long-term, I think the board, as I am, are positive about our company and certainly it is accretive but at the same token, we try to be judicious about it. And perhaps we have been a little conservative but we also had the $3 billion dividend last December that helps us be a little conservative. And I think you will see that change some.
Richard Galanti: We would never look at it that way. We are out there, I think, again getting back to the simple circuit example, it's not unlike the hot dog example of years gone by. When prices went up, we just saw that as the strength of that and the growth and the number of tickets we are selling, that gets people in. We don't study and say what if we took it to $549 million and we have this many fewer shops or whatever. We know it's the right thing to do. Again, I think, Q4 and Q2 and that first four-week period, it exacerbates everything because you had all those things, some weaker sales and some bigger ticket items. Some margins on top of the ongoing fresh foods margins and I am very emphatic about the fact that our fresh foods margins are us, our pricing and we will see some an improvement there but rally when we feel good about it.
Richard Galanti: Well, on IT, I think now it has been about six quarters that have mentioned it, and there is on average as far as I remember something about 4 basis point and so that quarters five and six in this last, they were 4 or top of 4 or on top of 5 or whatever. And that will probably continue for another half dozen quarters. It's a five or so year effort with at least a three-year buildup in those types of things. There will be some quarters on a year-over-year basis when there is couple basis points and there will be some when it's 4 or 5, depending on when systems are being input. But we have a lot going on. We are excited about, the user groups are excited about some of the things they are seeing. We are going to just start implementing some of the components of it starting in early summer to late summer. Again, I am not going to try to be cute or coy here. It will take some time but we have got a lot going on. Again, a part of that is affected for 25 years. We pride ourselves on having very simple system and they are still simple, probably relative to others. For us, it's an entire effort and again so far so good. But we are a year and half into it. So that's going to still hit us for at least another year, maybe even longer on that line. Beyond that, in terms of SG&A, something its just how the numbers work in terms of the fact that you have got your FX, a lower weighted average of countries where some of the payroll percent or percentage of the sales of those respective countries and certainly the healthcare systems in those countries is a little lower weighted average when you have got Canada rate down 8% year-over-year. The Canada exchange rate. We have got Japan in Q2 down 15%, Japan Yen. Australia is down 14.5% year-over-year in the second quarter. So all those things add, well, insult to injury. The underlying numbers, they were a little worse in terms of expense percentages, but big chicks of this were in the things that I mentioned. And again, there is lots of little things and they all seem to hit at the same time on top of the fact that, in the quarter where you get a lot of leverage, in the four-week period where we get a lot of leverage, it was a little weaker than planned.
Richard Galanti: Well, if I compared it to year end just our entire LIFO for mid-year, it is up about a 0.25%, so just like cost of all items, there was $100 item that we paid $100 for it at September 1st, if you will. February 16th, we were paying on average about $100.25. As you would expect that there is some deflationary pools like computers, what have you, you have got probably the most inflation in food and sundries, little over 1%, you got a shade of gas inflation although that's ticking down right now a little bit. Overall, there doesn't seem to be a lot of deflation, but on a $4 billion plus LIFO, LIFO is a U.S. concept only, so on a $4 billion plus probably $5 billion LIFO pool, 1% would be $50 million a 0.25% will be 12.5. I do not think it is should be lot and I do not have in front of me last year's LIFO numbers for Q3 and Q4. Not that is treasury thing that in Q3 and Q4. Last year in Q3 and Q4 LIFO was a credit, a benefit of about $8 million, $7.5 million $8 million in each of Q3 and Q4, so if it is a little inflationary we will see a similar trend of swing that we saw in Q2, but we will wait and see. Mind you, when there is a LIFO charge, there is probably a little - Again I look at combination that with the core to, because they tend to work not always but in tandem one closing the other, so not a lot of inflation.
Richard Galanti: I do not know and I am not even a student of some of this foreign exchange stuff, but you know when you see as an example, Japan first quarter year-over-year was down 20% second quarter year-over-year was down 15% for us in terms of the Japanese yen, so there has been a lot of weakening. At some point it's going to bounce back a little bit, but I can't tell you when. Canada has been awfully strong for many years. It is now subsiding a little bit, but who knows and then adds back the craziness in the world with events that could impact these numbers. Usually, when there is world issues going on, the dollar strengthened and I think that's a little bit of what's happening now, but also particularly in the case of Canada. I remember 20 years ago when Canadian dollar was $0.65 on the U.S. dollar has actually gotten above $1 for the U.S. dollar and it's come down a little bit, so kind of bounced after that peak, but I can't tell you when that's going to be.
Richard Galanti: A lot of it has to do with gas deflation, just weighted average of that chunk. Mind you, gasoline sales as a percent of our company total sales is 11% or 12%, and so we think it is a huge chunk and we have got gas deflation. Our reported gross margin is in the whatever tend to have plus range, 10% to 11% range. Within that number, gas is in 1% to 5% range every quarter, so that weighted average coming down it has an entitlement number, so you got to look at it both ways. Overall, ancillary businesses were fine, no pharmacy business continued strong. Our hearing aid business although small is very strong. One-hour photo as you would expect continues to be a little weaker because nobody pictures, but we have been a little creative over there trying to do a few other things, but it's still very profitable, but not as profitable as it used to be. So you add it all up, gas deflation was probably the biggest reason.
Richard Galanti: The first four weeks, well, one of the things we talked about in the press release was those hardline categories that was more impactful in the first four-weeks, whereas fresh foods is more, again, us and continues to be in the quarter. But the 30% to 50% range for those types of categories that were down year-over-year was for the entire quarter. I don't have the detail by period here but directionally I would think the first four weeks was worse. It clearly showed some improvement to it.
Richard Galanti: Actually, I think some of you guys out there do more surveying of that than we do. And honestly, I have read some research out there that talks about the overlap. There is overlap. My guess is, clearly in areas like the books and CDs, that a changed business over the last many years. TVs, frankly, we are not bad, overall, and particularly if you add e-commerce to our in-line, we are up a shade for the quarter. I can't tell you what happened in the four weeks of February because they were, what we call majors or electronics, it was down in the mid-single digits year-over-year. But for overall, we probably fared better than most in line and all that stuff takes away a little bit. We are looking at ways to get, as we have now for a while, to get younger people here as well. We recognize that. And we will continue to do that. But I know, the answer is no. There is not a lot of discernible concern at this point of that.
Richard Galanti: Well, first and foremost, we are not going to do anything rash, but we are also not gong to have us end here. One of things, the test as an example with Google among several retailers but in the Bay Area, has been interesting. I am not going to, again, talk about the detail yet. We have done a few things with some of the similar social media things out there. One of the impacts which is, what we do is the rise in organic. It's a big business. It's growing fast. We can actually show a better savings on those bigger ticket price point items. And we have seen that time and again, whether it's organic grown beef or those giant packs of kale or you name it and no, I mean we were doing huge business of that. And that also is driving in some younger people. One of the first systems going in our modernization effort is that a new membership system which we will start rolling out in the U.S., I believe in June, July. And again, there will be a lot more bells and whistles, but as you know, our systems have been pretty basic and primitive and we are not going to go crazy overnight on it, but we are doing a few things and it works and we will keep doing some of those things, so that is what I can tell you at this point.
Richard Galanti: Well, part of the answer is no. We do what we do and part of it that was we also recognize that we need to you - our goal was to maximize shareholder value and ultimately that comes into long-term driving earnings and, but we are not going to necessarily do something in the short-term a given quarter to do that. Again looking at Q2, it was a combination. I think I probably said six or nine months ago, using it simple check-in example that may seem that there seem to be few months looking forward six to nine months ago that that pull through pricing, the costing list can improved which would improve our margins because we are not lowering the price we just not raised it prior to that. That's finally starting to happen, so those are the kind of thing that we will do. Strategically, at the end of the day, we have got to show improvement on bottom line. Ultimately, it is not that come from 10% and 15% comps. We are going to have good, but at the levels that we have and assuming there is still going to be better than others. It's still going to require some the margin over time and we look at that, but we are not terribly concerned about how it impacts the given, so organic helps. The fact of the matter is, is, you know, I think mentioned this as an example, and one of things that again talks about the younger members well. What we found is when we tried fresh organic around beef. I think in the first year, we did $25 million-plus in an item or two. This is at a higher price point and a greater savings and a fair margin for us, a better margin for us relative to a more competitive. The cool thing was is that 80% of those sales were existing members that have not bought beef with us before. They love Costco, but they are organic. On average, I would say they tend to be a little younger. That is my guess and so those are the kind of things that I think are going to help us little too. The fact that increasing penetration of our company is overseas over time. Notwithstanding the week exchanged rates this quarter we generally tend to have a little higher margin overseas where you even in the U.S, where you do not have a direct competitor in the market a mile away or less, you are going to have a little better margin, so all those things I think should impact us positively, but we are not going to change what we do in terms of occasionally identifying those key items that we are just not going to budge on.
Richard Galanti: Well, as you know electronics reach you when you walk into a Costco. Certainly, the online is part of that. We do a strong business online. Part of the business is not only bigger ticket, but bulkier is about both the items. We have a white club alternative installation as well and so that business is growing, but getting people in the door in Costco, we still have a lot of TVs as well that way. Again, you have a few unusual things happening right now. Cameras, I understand, cameras are down 30-plus percent in the industry. We are not that different. In fact, we have got a lot. That was a very successful and there is still a big volume business, but that has been weak year-over-year in a bigger way for the first time. Desktops and laptops, we started to get some traction on tablets of late, but I think that is a business and we - I do not think just say re-thinking allocation of space if anything is still a strong area for us, but we got hammered a little bit over that Christmas selling season.
Richard Galanti: Interestingly when prices are coming down, we actually historically, saved the member a little more because we turn it so fast and so we are buying every day, if you will. The guys out on the street is buying it every six or eight days or nine days. And so, when it going up, it is costing us a little more and we are competitive. We are still the lowest price hopefully, but there is a less savings. There is a little less news about it out there and so I think overall, on a macro basis, when prices are just coming down, even though we are saving the customer a little more, it is less newsworthy, the fact that it is not on the nightly news. And so there is probably a little less positive there. But given how big we are in that business now, it's not as impactful either way.
Richard Galanti: Well, Spain is April or May. May. And France is hopefully about a year ahead. And beyond that, we haven't disclosed anything. In terms of how, there is generally the three likely areas and no order as other parts of Europe, South America and China. And we haven't really stated beyond France and Spain, what our plans are beyond that. Nor do we plan to discuss that right now.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, let me correct this. With all the different numbers running around here, in terms of Q2, fresh was intentional. The rest of it was not intentional. Some of its promotional, some of it is what we do to have clean inventories, took some extra seasonal markdowns in some areas, including a little bit in electronics. So, some of it was that. In terms of the plans going forward, again, I have eluded to the fact that we are starting to see a little better costing on the poultry side. Meat continues to be competitive and rising. Then beyond that, I can't tell you a lot. But again, meat and produce, fresh foods was our proactive aggressiveness. The rest of it is doing what we do and responding to competition and responding to weak sales being a little weaker and getting rid of stuff.
Richard Galanti: The biggest impact FX wise was in Canada, which is 10%, 12% of our company. I think a higher, a strong penetration of Executive memberships which is the higher fee. So those things probably pushed it a little bit. In terms of guessing in the future, your guess is as good as mine.
Richard Galanti: Canada is strong. Canada, frankly is not only where we (Inaudible), which is a positive. Historically, in the last several years was good about it. It has a good economy. It didn't have the financial crisis issues that U.S. had. It's got a of course part of its economy is natural resource base, which has been on fire, so those are all positive things. It has lower healthcare expenses as a percent of sales. It's just by the nature of the healthcare out there versus here, so all those things have been positive for us. Again, though we have got a 98% decline year-over-year in currency that washes that away in terms of how we reported for the (Inaudible). In terms of private label, I think some of the areas, apparel was good one that can be used I think to be exciting as talked [technology] about in last year about the a little [slack]. We have got a great [slack] now that's I think 1999, I know we had some additional items and so we are doing that that will be an area I think that will continue to grow for us. On the food side organic, where we are doing a few more items, which in a lot of places it will continue to grow. I think what probably over time, we have not appreciated is strength of it not only the U.S. or Canada for these items being able to take it to other countries, where we take a regular branded private international item to that country. We showed incredible savings, where prices have always been high. These items given the quality level and the pricing if that strengthens is I think exacerbated even more that is the positive.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Yes, I mean the Craig's had just drop of goal Craig and Jeff Brotman's goal are to get that at lower 30-plus range. I am sure, now that I have said it, we will get 28 or 29 but at the end of the day, they are shooting for 30 to 35 years for the next five years.
Richard Galanti: Tablets were part of it. Also the quarter overall was different in February. February was a little weaker in electronics.
Richard Galanti: The biggest chunk is TVs just by volume. And so that is partly why February, TVs were weaker in February, relatively speaking, than they were for the quarter. And they were actually about flat. I think the average sale price is about flat. It had been up -- it's up. Bob is saying it's up. Hold on, I have to tell you. In the second quarter, the average price point looks like it was up a 2%, and that's probably because we are selling bigger ticket, bigger with TVs.
Richard Galanti: No. By the way, one of the comments, that I heard at the budget meeting last week was that, the rollout of the next generation of technology in TVs has been a little bit delayed and it's going to be in a few months ago. April instead of January. I am being coached here. Again, that should help it a little bit but we will see.
Richard Galanti: I don't have that detail here. I have to look. To the extent that we have opened 14 or so U.S. warehouses and maybe a little bit, but actually, I don't know if I am correct on that. I have to look.
Richard Galanti: Yes, by the way, one of things is, I will give you an example, we opened just couple or three years ago, in Huntington Beach, California, LA. We have 50% plus of the households or more in the Greater LA market at that 40 or so locations. We may open up in a new market there with the eight to 15 weeks prior to opening the sign-ups tabling activities. As of opening day, we might have 5,000 or less new members. In the mean time, that's a unit that may very well, well exceed our company average for the first year, do $150 million, $100 million of which is new and $50 million which is cannibalized. So you have got numbers that are closer, they are going to shop more frequently for the first time. Contrast that, in Asia where again during those eight to 15 weeks prior to opening, as of opening day, we see numbers in the 25,000 to 50,000 new member signups with a bigger non-renewal. A lower renewal rate the year hence but nonetheless that should be a big difference.
Richard Galanti: So my guess is, that yes, it could be flat or down slightly, but that could be expected in that example.
Richard Galanti: My guess, it would help a little unlike. As an example, meat is so much more that's out there. Produce, everybody has got different items, different pack sizes, different qualities and we can still show great savings but it is just not, in my view it is just not the same type of level as competition. So I don't think that that's going to impact us as more. That will impact us as much. The biggest thing in produce is, is when there is a drought or a freeze and we are doing hundreds of millions of dollars of items, be it strawberries or blueberries. In a given month, you know you did $5 million an items, instead of 15 during the holiday item that was [freeze] that is more impactful than competition's.
Richard Galanti: First and foremost, we start any country with existing employees that are from our company. The woman running Spain is a seasoned, operations person executive from Canada for many, many years. The guy running Taiwan goes back to the price club days in Southern California. The guy running Korea started as a warehouse manager at Costco and before that I believe - but when we go over we send a core group of half a dozen people, have three or four people to merchandising operations. I think the biggest thing to make sure everybody is on the same pages is, these individuals travel to Seattle every four weeks or 13 times a year for a day-and-a-half budget meeting and they are typically here for an extra day and doing other operations in merchandising-specific meetings. Then like Jim for many years, Craig and others are traveling to those countries or often Craig out of the country today. The biggest way we do I think is everybody beginning on the same page. The other thing is, I will give you a good example. When asked for why have we been so successful in several countries including some of these countries in Asia, we think part of it is, is not only is our value proposition more extreme over there, and also that people actually do like big American stuff. The fact is, is that some of these private label items that we are developing now have been huge successes in some of these of other countries and those U.S. sourced goods, so I think all those things play well into our hand, but that's going to change over time, so we do what we do best is we are constantly focused on it. These heads of countries and [purchaser] countries come to Seattle at least four weeks know one of things that each of the senior VPs of operations in every country has one, Canada has two and U.S. has eight, but all those foreign ones, they come here and one of the things that they report on is what initiatives in terms of global sourcing procuring goods from a multinational manufacturer where the U.S. buys a heck of a lot from, perhaps Canada does, because we are big and they are now longtime, but because of whatever it is a licensing arrangement or regional pressure on their side. It is a work in progress that were making good success there. All those things, they are little things, but they help us every day, so I think that will continue. It is really a lot of that blocking and tackling and we had, just like we did when we went to Alaska for the first time and to Hawaii for the first time, we feel that we have really lower prices in those markets and they were more competitive, but we still shine better competitively versus other retail formats. Given the fact that in some of these countries pricing has been a lot higher. I think that has helped us. Bringing goods, whether it is in the Jumbo Cashews or the fresh blueberries to countries where they are buying a lot more of it.
Richard Galanti: Well, I guess there's three things to talk about. I can't tell you exactly. I know in and fresh foods it's just wanting to keep the price where it is on key items and doing what we do. If you think about, let's say, card lines, let's say whether it's electronics or whatever. Again, if sales are a little soft, we are proactive to mark things down to get rid of them before the season ends. Structurally, we have the benefit, I think, of being in and out of seasons early, but that doesn't mean we still don't have to take some excess markdowns some times. In terms of responsive, I would say proactive is more impactful than responsive, the issue of being responsive, but there is some responsive too out there.
Richard Galanti: No, we really haven't. There is still a lot of tough competition out there. We wish that part of the challenge with the Internet and delivery, there is delivery included and what extra things, I think we are getting a little better of communicating what's the value in our product, in terms of an extra controller or whatever it is or the shipping because when we do price shops, the least competitive ones are some of those that are on the Internet. Now I don't need to name names.
Richard Galanti: Well, in terms of direct club competition, no. I believe Sam's did a fee increase that they tested originally in Texas and rolled that out now in the U.S. They are only, by the way, in the U.S. and in Mexico. But we have that seen any, Sam's is very competitive, but we haven't seen any giant changes in that or us needing to respond to something that they have done.
