Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think the buyers are the ones that more put in the budget, but in polling the buyers just yesterday actually, the one -- the area that stands out would be components of Fresh Foods, notably protein, beef, poultry and pork. The view there is there's still additional mid to high-single digit inflation expected over the next 6 to 9 months. Beyond that, it's hit and miss. There's -- if I look at our LIFO statistics as an indication, apparel is down ever so slightly year-over-year, but that's probably because it was up a lot last year. So it's coming off of its peak. It's still probably higher than a few years ago. So I would say the overall view, aside from electronics being down slightly per like item, but actually our average price points are up a little, I believe, because we've tended to go towards higher end like 60 and 80-inch TVs and more SLR cameras, DSLR cameras and the like. But just looking down the list of some unusual items. Again, tuna looks like it's come up a little bit, canned tuna. As I mentioned, beef was up some. There's always going to be some ups and downs on produce just based on supplies. Grapes and blueberries are dramatic right now, higher year-over-year, but I'm sure it's weather related not anything else related. And on the downside when I scan the list of the top 20 or 30 items here, most of them are electronics with a few other things, I mean, just anecdotally, pecans and walnuts. But I know a year ago, again, they were way up. So if you put it all in, my guess is, is that gas, who the heck knows? Fresh Foods, inflationary. The rest of it kind of awash at this point. Nothing up or down a lot.
Richard A. Galanti: Well again, we're a little jaded here because our numbers, particularly, our frequencies and our comps have been pretty darn good. I think we, like everybody, have a little of cautious optimism that they're going to do, at least, a compromise and -- or they better. So we're not really focusing a lot on it right now. I think that we do a little better than others, at least, if history continues.
Richard A. Galanti: Not really. I mean as we've always said for many quarters, margins are more us than anybody else. No, there -- it's pretty much as you see it. It's a little better. I don't think we started the quarter saying let's get a little better or let's get that trend back to 0. But that's where it ended up. We're trying to do both, drive business and make money.
Richard A. Galanti: Nothing out of the ordinary. I mean we continue to add products, everything from some wines and spirits to canned goods and all kinds of nuts and candy items. So I'd say it's nothing dramatic. The big dramatic number came in the first half of calendar '09 after the financial crisis where we saw an unusually large increase in sales penetration of private label. I think on the food and sundries side, over 6 months back then, it was like 300 basis points. But generally, we see 0.5% to 0.75% a year. I'm not aware of anything that is different than that right now.
Richard A. Galanti: It was fine. No surprises versus what we had expected. We've now done some of our own Black Friday coupon handouts and the like for the last few years, and we're pleased with it.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, when I look at IT costs as a percent of sales year-over-year, they were up 7 basis points. My guess is, is 0.5 or 1 -- 0.5 basis point might be re-platforming. Maybe another 0.5 basis point or a whole basis point is normal increase in IT, but clearly, 5 plus of it is modernization. And that's probably has trended up a little extra year-over-year over the last few quarters and will probably peak this year. And then it'll be anniversary-ing against itself each year over the next 3 or 4 years.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I don't think it's going to go down for 2 or 3 years. These things take on a life of their own, but it'll be a lot less than 5 to 7 basis points. I mean, I would hope -- again, we haven't budgeted that detail that far out, but I would hope it's 0 to 2, not 5 to 7 next year. And by the way, regarding the prior question as related to Black Friday, I just was looking. That week on a year-over-year basis, frequency was still darn close to 4%, just below 4%, so pretty consistent with what we've seen all over.
Richard A. Galanti: I don't have that detail in front of me. I can tell you that when we look at the average location cost, which might be on average over the last couple of years, company-wide in the mid-30s, it's tended to be a shade lower than that in the U.S. and Canada and higher, it might be in the 40s on average over like, let's say in Asia. But we've done a couple that are in the low 50s, and I would assume we'll continue to do that. In Korea, we tend to do more ground leases. In Japan, we tend to own. In Taiwan, I think we tend -- it's a combination, some ground leases as well. Australia, I think we own. And Mexico, we own. And the U.K., we own. And in Canada and the U.S. we generally own 80% plus.
Richard A. Galanti: No, particularly because we tend to -- right now we're, at least we're tending to open like in Asia, more in Japan than in Korea and Taiwan, where we tend to own more than lease.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, that's -- not really. I mean I think sales were strong, but in terms of the outright gross margin year-over-year -- look, there's a lot of hot deals over there. I don't -- I didn't really read anything into that. There's not a lot. We've certainly improved on our returns over the last few years as we changed our returns policy in electronics to 90 days instead of infinity. But I haven't, in terms of anecdotally in the last few budget meetings, there's not been nothing -- there hasn't been anything out of there in terms of any issues in electronics or hardline.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes. Well, I mean it's as we expected. I mean as an example, I think in Taiwan, we opened North Kaohsiung, which took a bunch of business from Kaohsiung. In Japan and earlier this year, we opened and reopened Tamasakai, which was the one unit that was, that had been closed for about 10 or 11 months from the tragedy of the earthquake. Essentially, all of that business went to 2 or 3 nearby -- 2 nearby Costco's. When I say nearby, half an hour away. And the day it reopened, that unit is not comping because it had done these sales over the last year, but it took on that business out of the other 2. So on top of regular cannibalization, we had extreme cannibalization in that one. So all that was, yes, in March. That had subsided this March. But nonetheless, I mean we're opening a bunch of units over there. So that will continue as we expect.
Richard A. Galanti: I think the U.S., we have about 440 locations, I could be off 1 or 2, and I think about 70 of them don't have gas. My guess without looking at detail is, is that half of them ultimately can have gas and half of them will never have gas. We're never going to have a gas station at 11th and Harrison in San Francisco or in Brooklyn. Just they're landlocked and forget about it. And I'm sure there'll be some that we're working on. I don't have the list in front of me, and there'll be others that we'll relocate. So I probably a best guess is over the next 5 to 8 years, half of those 70. And my guess is that when we open new ones, virtually, all of them do. There's -- there always will be one outlier, but virtually all of them have gas stations, as is in Canada. Now in Canada, we have, In Canada, we have 83 locations, 38 of them have gas. So 45 of them don't, recognizing we've only been in gas in Canada for the last few years. So again, my guess is that 2/3 of those that don't have it will have it over time.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes, there is. He's asking the $20 million that we had. Hold on, I got to look real quick. When I look at interest income and other, hold on a second. Okay, $10 million was investment income and $10 million -- it's mostly equity in earnings of -- hold on. Basically, it's about $8 million or $9 million of FX-related stuff. But by comparison, it's within $0.5 million of the year ago. So no change.
Richard A. Galanti: We always -- certainly payroll depends -- I mean I think we've certainly shown that we've focused a little more on expenses and payroll. And that's we've gotten it down. But certainly sales are a big part of that as well. And increased penetration outside the U.S. where payroll percentages, as a percent of sale, were lower to start with. Our $20.5 average hourly wage in the U.S. is 1/3 to 60% of that number in other countries and close to it in Canada, of course, and a couple of countries as well, so that helps increasing penetration. On the health care, I think if we've got a couple basis points, it's probably more related to sales being stronger and getting it down a little back to flat without it, so still hit and miss there. Several components of all the new health care legislation, which have kind of hit each year incrementally a little more. I think we're nearing the end of that. So a lot of that stuff, if you will, is in there by the end of this year and the end of next year rather. So I can't predict that it's a trend by any means yet.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes, so far, so good. But I don't want to really give numbers out because it's only been a few -- 1.5 months and probably talk about that more on the second quarter call.
Richard A. Galanti: Gallons, I think I have. We generally don't give that but I'm here, so we'll give it. Volume, you have it handy? I don't have it. I think in the last couple of budget meetings, it's been running in the mid single-digit range positive, mid to high-single digits.
Richard A. Galanti: On an overall basis, somewhere in the 35, maybe a shade higher. But the trend line if International's penetration continues, which we would see that again trending down ever so slightly, certainly, all things being equal.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think I gave you a different reason for some different categories. From the beginning of time, we've always known we can be strong in foods and fresh foods. And the key is how do you -- and those are fast-turning areas. So how do you turn the bigger-ticket nonfood items because you don't have to have add more square footage for it? If you can get somebody that's turning 6x and 8x up to 9 and 10, that's good in the bigger-ticket item. So we've always focused on that. I think of late, if I think of electronics, certainly our strength in 60- and 80-inch TVs, the bigger, higher quality TVs, that's helped us, clearly people in the door via gas and fresh foods and having them walk by those types of things. I think in apparel, certainly we've made a conscious bigger commitment in several of those areas over the last 1 year, 1.5 years. I think I used the example the last quarter, something as simple as like the men's wool Kirkland Signature pants, which I think we tested a couple of years ago with 100,000 units and last year 200,000 units and this year 1 million units. That's $60 or so a pair, and they're doing well and so not only are we making a decent margin on the KS shirt, we've gone from just a standard one to a couple of different styles with a spread collar. And so we're up to 4-plus million KS shirts. So overall, making some bigger commitments. Jewelry is strong and not just because some of the prices of components have gone up, but jewelry has been pretty good of late.
Richard A. Galanti: I don't think a lot of it relates to that. I mean yes, a little bit of it when we get somebody, when a newscaster talks about it again in the market, certainly that helps. When I look at the numbers on a base of about 1.3 million new sign-ups in each of the fiscal prior 2 fiscal quarters. Again, when I talked about Australia, Japan last year, which opened near the end of very, very just before Q1 '12 a year ago and into Q2 '12 Japan a couple of units, just those 2 markets represented almost 90,000 fewer sign-ups year-over-year because of the huge sign-ups we have in those markets during these 6 or 8 weeks prior to opening and then they're booked as of opening day. So that again dwarfed anything else, and the fact that we were flat year-over-year given 90,000 less than those few locations is pretty good.
Richard A. Galanti: I think probably a quarter ago, I talked about 25 to 27. Again if pushed, I'd probably say 27 to 29, but 30 is our budget, and they're all doable. There's always the chance that a couple will fall out, but I think we're getting more confident of those numbers. So if my single point estimate was 27 or 26, now it's 28 or 29.
Richard A. Galanti: I don't have -- I haven't looked at it that way. And from a marketing -- our membership guy's not here, but it ranges. Again, somebody's locations overseas can be -- and again when I say opening day sign-ups, it's anything that was signed, any paid member sign-ups during the 6 or 8 weeks prior to opening when they got the tabling activities outside of the construction site through opening day. In the U.S. in very strong Southern California markets, but we're popping a unit in where we have a bunch of members already, it's just moving around where they shop or shopping more frequently because they're closer to a location. We might have 3,000 to 6,000 as of opening day and another 5,000 to 10,000 or 8,000 to 12,000 over the next 12 months for that first year. In a new market, a small new market, like Tennessee or a Carolina unit, we might have 4,000 to 7,000 or 8,000 new sign-ups in the first day as of that first day, which is more than a high volume L.A. unit when we opened it, but again it has somewhere to do that. Again over in Asia, we see numbers in the 25 to 50 range as of the opening -- through opening day, and so well over the company average for all members per warehouse, which is in the high 50s. I mean for all warehouses that have been opened, whether they have been opened a week or 29 years. So there's no right number there.
Richard A. Galanti: At the end of the day, again, I don't have that level of detail right in front of me. But what I've looked at it in the past, if our renewal rate is just under 90, let's say, in the U.S. and Canada and just call it 90 for a moment for simplicity, we lost 10, and we gained 11. I mean it's always up a little bit more, just a little bit more than it was at the beginning of the year. And that, of course, is cannibalized a little bit when we opened in existing market a little bit. But then those new sign-ups and those new markets help us. So it's a lot of -- there's no major trend changes if you take out cannibalizing units and take out some of the crazy high numbers and some of the new Asia units or the like.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think a couple of things. Again, I feel my guess will continue for these next few quarters. What I didn't mention is there's always 4, 5 miscellaneous line items that generally should add up to 0, some a little higher, some a little less. If I look in the quarter, I think if I added up those types of things, it hit us by 2 or 3 basis points in the quarter versus being 0 or helping us by a basis point. So there's always going to be those things I would think that on average 0, not minus 2 or 3 as it was this quarter. Again, when I look at, I was pleased at payroll, which is -- payroll benefits are 70% of SG&A. The fact that we have increasing penetration overseas that helps us a little bit just because it is, on average, lower SG&A, but again offset that probably for the next year in Japan as an example where we're cannibalizing the heck out of it.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, we've put a lot more people on the ground in countries. If I go -- we've been working a long time, and I know it was forever before we even got to perform in terms of how many we say we're going to do when we actually do. But if I look back 3 years ago, 2, 3 years ago as an example between Korea, Taiwan, Japan and Australia, all of that real estate activity was done with no real estate people on the ground. None of our real estate people on the ground in those countries. We now have 1 to 2 people in each of those countries. Same thing with Europe. We've always had pretty much in the U.S. and Canada. So and the pipeline is more full. So again, as the pipeline -- as the time to get to opening in some of these countries are more difficult, takes a little longer anyway, we've built up the pipeline. So I think there'll be more confidence in the next few years of how many we can open based on the pipeline.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, the 5 -- my guess is, by the way, these months are a little strange for a couple of reasons. One, we had a 53-week fiscal year. So it ended like on the September 2 instead of late August. So how did that affect Labor Day a little bit. Same thing at the other end of the quarter. I think Thanksgiving was a week off and in terms of dating. So all those things are in that number. My guess is, is that getting even just below 5, and I mean just below 5, is there 0.5 point in there or a little more that could have been just how all these things ramp? Possibly. So I'm not banking on a plus 5, but certainly, that gives me comfort that our high 3s to low 4s that we've seen 3.5 to 4.5, hopefully, that will continue. There's nothing that we see that changed that until it changes.
Richard A. Galanti: Another point is as I've said over the years, the good news is it's a lot of little things. It's everything from the membership base and the demographics, and certainly, gas and fresh foods, certainly big screen TVs. I mean, there's lots of different things that we've been blessed by.
Richard A. Galanti: It was broad recognizing what we call majors is a big category within hardline, cameras and TVs and the like. Jewelry is not a big percentage category, but had these numbers. So again, that was across the board. I think also even in some of the little things when we bring in items within the furniture category, we've tended to do well with them. And certainly on the softline side, as I mentioned in apparel, that's been a help. So part of it is aggressiveness in some of these categories.
Richard A. Galanti: Of the 13 openings this fiscal year that we've opened, we got the 14th coming in a couple of days. I think overall, they've done as good, if not a little better, than our overall plans. I mean Craig walks in happy from the opening trips.
