Richard Galanti: Well, I mean, there is a few different things and time periods that will be and questioned. If we recall, there was a big surge in frequency and sales results. The last week in February, and the first two or three weeks of March, when people were coming in and hoarding in our view, and of course, we were running out of everything basics from water to paper goods, to cleaning supplies and things like that. And in some cases, and then beyond that into April, May, there were some issues as there were some COVID spiking at many fresh plants – protein plants meat and poultry and alike. And so, it’s hard to project completely. I think I started of late, we have tried to build a little extra inventory where we can and some of the key things that aren’t going to go out of style like paper goods and cleaning supplies. Although then you get to next rush of spiking and whenever extra inventory you had it goes away pretty quickly. Look, we’ll continue to work around it. We work – and in some cases, it’s a little easier in a sense that we have fewer suppliers to deal with or fewer items to deal with. Arguably, in other cases, given our huge volumes that creates its own challenges sometimes. I think the bigger challenge is going to be post May last year and this past year, when we saw kind of sales strength not just in those key essential categories like fresh foods and foods and sundries, and paper goods and health and beauty aids, but also on the non-food side, items for the home if you will and those types of basic items. And again, people spending some of those dollars. Look, some things will improve and some things may be degraded a little bit. Some things that are degraded may take a while and not everything is going to happen unlike what was not going up one day and everything is going to get better from a food standpoint in terms of restaurants being opened. And so, I think, we are in it together and we feel pretty good that we’ve got a good format to serve our members well and we’ll go from there.
Richard Galanti: Well, as it relates to promotional forms that we do like the mailers or even online type of mailers, these are some of those have been changed because some of the big ticket non-food – not big ticket, I am sorry. Some of the big size items that are always in there like paper goods, like cleaning supplies, in some cases we’ve had to eliminate some of those items from the mailer. We put other items in. In some cases, it’s done fine and in some cases, it’s a little bit less of a sales increase. But that’s not just going forward, that’s been in the last few months as well that we’ve changed those things. I think we’ve been pretty good at pivoting and adding new items. I think the examples of – for Christmas, while we may have – maybe and went a little too deep into cutting back, not they were big cuts, but we are running out of some of those decorative things we could do earlier and we would have like to. We also though found success in lots of essential, basic fundamental items. I don’t think – I mean, the first Christmas, we probably brought in barbeque grills and pressure washers to market. And they are doing well, because people are buying gifts for the home.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Well, first of all, talking to the buyers, they definitely feel that some of the merchandize and sales were pulled forward into November, not only from December, but even the week of November and there has been articles out there about Thanksgiving and overall, not Costco-specific, but just in general about what’s going on online and what have you. And so, certainly some of that kind of got push forward. In terms of some things, I mean there are examples where instead of buying 10% more this year of a given item, we bought 10% or 20% less. So, we still bought a lot. We just not like we cut our order back by half. But in retrospect, we probably could have sold a little bit more. I don’t have a dollar number. It’s probably not that meaningful. For every negative there is another positive. Needless to our say, our comps overall have been very strong.
Richard Galanti: Oh, I am sorry. Okay. I didn’t hear the first part of the question. Well, I think we opened a few more units than we did a year earlier. Without looking that deeply, that’s probably most of it.
Richard Galanti: Well, I’ll tell you, it’s sort of in-store of course, and warehouse, we’ve got about 3800 active items. Online, we typically got somewhere in the high single digit thousands, I mean, call it, 9,000 plus. I am sorry, and in terms of sales, it’s about 7% of sales. Now we don’t include in that number as I mentioned like the third party sales like the Instacart Same Day Fresh , because their employee or a contracted employee is coming into Costco shopping just like any other customer coming to shop. So that you could add a little bit more to that. But in terms of what we call online, it’s about 7%. I think it was 6% in fiscal 20 for the entirety, and of course, it was half way through the year when you saw ecom percentages increases jump dramatically with the advent of COVID.
Richard Galanti: Overall, ecommerce a little less profitable. You’ve got category-wise, it’s profitable. You’ve got – category-wise, you’ve got merchandize categories that don’t include some of the highest gross margin components of our business like fresh, like apparel in a big way in terms of the penetration. You’ve got electronics which is a lower than average margin business both in-store and online and so much bigger percentage of penetration online, so they are examples. Certainly, the profitability of ecommerce has been helped with the types of comp sales increases we’ve had over the past year. But also over this past year, there is some of the cost inefficiencies of growing it so fast. We – in terms of fulfillment, as we are continually adding locations where to shift out of and getting closer to the customer as this overall size of the business has grown a lot. And as I mentioned earlier, the investment in Innovel, recall, we are calling Costco Logistics, that was a – as we expected a hit year-over-year to the margin simply because it’s being ramped up and upgrading it.
Richard Galanti: I think it’s – I mean, our best guess is, it’s complete pull-forward. I mean, the fact is, is people marketing bigger ticket items and some of those types of holiday items earlier in November.
Richard Galanti: Yes, Bob, here mentioned that, Black Friday promotions this year. More of those things we promoted earlier in the month. And not an assessment everybody else out there too.
Richard Galanti: We definitely think that, look, being essential in recognizing the people clearly are coming in to buy food and cleaning items and health and beauty aids and alike. That gets you in the door. And certainly in our view, given that money is being spent on other things in normal years perhaps is being spent more for things for the home. We have that as well and I think that has helped us in that regard.
Richard Galanti: I buy it. I’d like to think part of it is people feel hopefully, at least relatively safe coming into a big wide open box environment where we’ve done and we think a pretty good job of social distancing and other safety protocols.
Richard Galanti: Yes. I think most of it is strong sales which shows its brightest colors with fresh food where you’ve got two cross components that have improved dramatically, spoilage and labor productivity. So, that has certainly helped.
Richard Galanti: Oh, less promotion. The other, Michael is, I think you’ve all read about this from an industry perspective. There has been less promotional activities out there. While we were still getting great values on things, when you look at TVs in general, well, prices have come down across the board just because they always do over time. And these seem to be getting better, bigger and less expensive. There is not the kind of promotional money being thrown at it by the manufacturers because they haven’t had to. And so, I think that too has had some impact.
Richard Galanti: Virtually all. I believe part of the challenges is on some items as we work with our suppliers and ourselves as well. We want you to be able to have sign in to see the prices.
Richard Galanti: Well, we’ll find out. Needless to say I can’t comment on that, but a big chunk of the difference of 14 I may have round – honestly down to 14 and now it’s rounding up to whatever. But at the end of the day, there is more hours is the biggest delta. More cumulative hours.
Richard Galanti: Well, I can’t be that specific. We continue over the last three or four years, we’ve continued to work to lower the effective average markup across the board on items. There is some discretion on some to be lower than them and some to be higher but there is an average, which includes both their markup, plus whatever other fees that person is spending here, whether it’s a per delivery fee or per monthly fee or per monthly fee to Instacart. As given some of the unique issues during the end of the year with the high demand for shipping, and the capacity issues out there with the third-party shippers we – given that Instacart is always coming in, we’ve added some items to the tray. In some cases, there is a maximum markup on those that is – in many cases, smaller than that – quite a bit smaller than that on that mid to high teen number percentage-wise.
Richard Galanti: Well, I mean, historically as you know for 35 years, we’ve effectively raised the basic fee $5 every roughly five years and I say roughly it could be 5, 5.5 years. And the executive membership has been raised to originally started at 100 and now it’s 110 then 120. The last time we did the increase was I believe was in June-ish of 2016. So five years – it’s June 2016. But it was June of one of the years either 2016 or 2017, but it will be five years from then that we might look. You mentioned that, we’ve done it when things are – sales have been stronger and when sales have been weaker, when the economies get to hit or whatever else. We look at it and somewhat it dependently at that. We look at it and we feel heavily improved the value of the membership by more than that five or respective $5 or $10. And I am not suggesting we might wait or not, but time will tell. Historically, we’ve always thought very good about when we’ve done it and certainly the value proposition has been enhanced much – at a much greater multiple than the $5 or $10.
Richard Galanti: I believe there – we and the country are in the first phase of the vaccination process. We are not participating in that. But I believe Phase 2 which will be just a short period down the road. Our pharmacies will also be part of the many pharmacies throughout the country that are going to be providing the service of vaccinations for them. We are in Phase 1 in the State of Alaska only currently. But I think throughout our country we plan to be in Phase 2 which will be the big push after this first initial round. And in terms of managing inventories, while space is not infinite, certainly the cost of carrying extra inventory isn’t very expensive right now, given very low interest rates. But at the end of the day, as I mentioned, it’s little earlier, we – I think we plan positively in terms of how our sales have been and to the extent of the example of those seasonal items, we keep down a little bit. But not a lot. And I think we’ll continue to do that kind of planning. A lot of times on items that are short, but there is certainly no risk of having the only risk of having is some extra paper towels for a few weeks is the risk of having them. There is not any obsolescence or markdown risk on it. We always tried in times when there is more of that available, we’ll build up a few extra weeks of supply. But overall, I don’t see a big change in our inventory turns or payable cycles.
Richard Galanti: I can say that more by comp sales than anything. When we were enjoying a pre-COVID a 6% to 8% comp sales number, inventories as a percent of – payables as a percent of inventories was whatever the number was. When we saw the big increase in comps, you saw the payables as a percent of inventories going up.
Richard Galanti: Well, look, we even today want things to get back to normal from a business standpoint and also most importantly from a personal standpoint. And over the next couple of years, god willing, starting with this process of vaccinations and vaccines and hopefully a big chunk of this progress through by the beginning or during the summer people will get out more and will be going back to restaurants and alike and will that have an impact on our food sales? Of course, it will. So, some of this positive will be sticky. Some of the new members will be sticky and we’ll go from there. I think that, there are lots of attributes to value and customer loyalty, certainly, the best prices on great quality merchandize that the member trusts in our view is the biggest attribute. And that’s where we start from. We – ecommerce is certainly – and the acquisition of Innovel in terms of big ticket items and having a great service and a great value for those items we think helps us. But ultimately, we still want our members to come into the warehouse. When they come in, they see the items and they are more likely to buy some of those items and certainly, driving them with great value and great quality is what we are all about.
Richard Galanti: Well, the only two data points we’ve given you is in Q4, year-over-year it was about, I think an eight basis point margin hit and in Q1 which we just reported for this new fiscal year was a six basis point margin hit. As guessing games go, assume that there will be constant improvement in that over the next several quarters. So that it won’t be a negative. That doesn’t include any benefit we get from increased sales of those items and the margin associated with that. But when we bought this we knew that they would be dilutive from an earnings standpoint for the – certainly in the first year and perhaps into the second year hopefully on a decreasing basis and certainly in the first two quarters it would indicate a little of that. But at the end of the day, we think it – those companies that have had their own infrastructure to be able to do last mile delivery and installations, it’s a positive certainly the home improvement companies have done that and the retailers and it worked out for us and we are excited about what we can do with it.
Richard Galanti: Not really. Before each call, I’ll sit down with the Head of Merchandizing and some of the other senior people in merchandizing and just get the color on their departments and what’s going on. And it was a by the way comment that, with things coming from Asia as an example, or in general, there is container shortages. And so, we may take a few extra days to get things on to ship. Or the ship may its sailing not full in some cases. The same thing is on some of the big ports in the United States like on the West Coast particularly. They’ve mentioned two to four days of delay. Again, two day for us is not a lot but when you are moving inventory fast, you want to have it – once it’s – you’ve ordered it, you want to it go to put on the ship and get here in on to our floor. So, it’s not a big deal and the comment was, I said what will improve and said probably not until February, March. So, I just – that’s what I threw out. Not any more impacts from that.
Richard Galanti: We are not rethinking it. We continue to look at it and scratch our heads a little bit. But at this juncture we don’t have any current plan to do so.
Richard Galanti: We don’t – the gallons sold were down – not down as much as they have been and it’s troughed a few months ago and you are right, on margins, that not a double. I can’t give you any quantitative number there. But in terms of margins were up year-over-year as a percent and gallons were down year-over-year.
Richard Galanti: Well, merchants are feeling pretty – I would say, aggressive with this. They feel that, again, some of it was pull-forward. But there is still – and again, running out of some gift wrapping paper two weeks before you wanted to is not the end of the world. But every sale is a sale that we want. And the same token bringing in fundamental items that if you end up having a few extra SKUs or few extra quantity of certain SKUs the day after Christmas is not going to kill you because it’s not stuff that’s seasonal that has to be marked down in a big way. So, I think that, we can lean it to it recognizing that our sales overall particularly brick and mortar have done well. That we are basing our assumptions on what we are going to do I think over the next two weeks, positive relative to this. Recognizing there could be some pull-forward and it will be some because of the dates got a little longer on shipping. But at the end of the day, we see that – we are always with you. That should help the in-store experience and we’ll see.
Richard Galanti: What we can – like you to do is just like in a 10-K, you got to put the – you got to rank them in order of dollars. So, in the case of travel, first of all it’s a very high gross margin business. To the extent that we are simply acting as a broker like our car rentals, there is sales and no coast of sales equals gross margin or very little cost of sales. Only when we curate an item and take ownership of it, you will like hundred crew ship weeks or whatever I am making this example up, where you sell $100,000 or something and make a few thousand dollars or $5,000 of margin. That’s a 5%. But you have big chunks of that business that are 80 plus percent margin. So, it’s a business that started to show a little bit of life as we ended December. But with the spiking of COVID in the last several weeks that has dissipated quite a bit. And even some of the life that occurred in the summer were bookings out as for Christmas some of those are being cancelled as you would expect them to be. So, it’s that – it’s the rank order of them which one hit harder a little bit.
Richard Galanti: Well, I mean, we look at our comp shops compared to warehouse, clubs as well as comps specifically on certain items and at their traditional retail formats, we feel very good about our competitive mote if you will. And we don’t think that’s an issue at all for us right now. But we are the ones that keep pushing and pushing the limits further.
Richard Galanti: Gosh! When I find out, I’ll let you know. I mean, what’s happened of course with everything in the strength – both the strength in electronic items, TVs, air pods and everything else of between and laptops and the demand for those things is enormous and in some cases, some shortages of supplies in general even if capacity has gone up it’s going to overlap more. So, and it’s hard to say.
Richard Galanti: Well, keep in mind that there is a chunk of it that is weekend debit and credit card receivables that could be $1 billion or $1.5 billion. There is upwards of just under $1 billion that is related to insurance captives and alike. There is a $2 billion to $3 billion that’s overseas and different countries which for whatever reasons is the last whether you want to bring back because of whatever withholding your other taxes related to it. So, at the end of the day, someone asked the question after we announced the $10 dividend we could have done more. The answer is we could have but why rush? I mean, right now, we still don’t know what’s going to happen with COVID and what may happen next year in the economy. And so, we’ll probably have a little more cash than normal – than pre-COVID if you will. But that’s okay too.
Richard Galanti: I think we are in the – well, ex the $2 we are either right above or just approaching $24 average in the U.S.
Richard Galanti: Last March. Beginning of March. March of 2019. I believe it was at the beginning of March. Whatever that Monday start for that weekly pay period was or bi-weekly period was. And that was $2 across the board.
Richard Galanti: Well. I don’t have that detail in front of me unfortunately. And when I look at comps by country, in local currencies, we are - in most countries we are back to normal, if not a little better.
Richard Galanti: The only thing that I’ve noted is, is that when it first started a few weeks ago, or when – the California, everyone there was waiting for - in California, everybody was waiting to hear what the new restrictions was going to be in terms of lockdowns. There was a spike in shopping and people were coming in. So, we had particular strength over a couple of week period when more spiking was accruing.
Richard Galanti: Well, as it relates to general conversations about it, those are topics that are discussed. One of the challenges right now is there is a lot of the buy online and pickup in store traditional retail promotions are at the same prices which you can come in and buy it for. So, somebody is paying for the picking it up and storean waiting for you to pick it up. I think that will shake you out to over time as people – as somebody has to pay for either the company or the customer. I am not trying to be – we are looking at all those things, but we haven’t made any decisions to go forth with it.
Richard Galanti: We don’t have a lot of that information yet. What we – recognizing that some of them sign up because of COVID and because we can deliver through Instacart food fresh and or we cans serve them online. But there is not a lot to go on yet.
Richard Galanti: Well, thank you everyone. Hopefully, you have a happy and healthy holiday season and on to better 2021. Have a good day.
