Richard Galanti: We weren't that specific, but a lot of it has to do with the fact that, that one -- particularly, that one week, where it's so important to e-commerce on promotional items, for Black Friday, Cyber Monday, the weekend, the three days leading up to Thanksgiving, so you do have some lower-margin -- you have some lower-margin categories in there to start with, as well as, we do a lot more promotional stuff, as most retailers do, with that week of Thanksgiving.
Richard Galanti: And I want to stand corrected, there's a couple of people here just correct me. The e-com numbers are not in the core-on-core. So that would be outside of that.
Richard Galanti: It's both. I mean, as we try to build new categories over the last year or so like apparel, we're giving some hot deals out there. If you buy one shirt, it's X if you buy two; it's a little less for delivery or whatever else. So, we're driving that business. And again we've talked about -- yes, but the big thing is electronics. Electronics tends to be a low-margin business not only TVs, but all the computer and phone things.
Richard Galanti: Well I'd argue that we are putting a lot of it back in price. Keep in mind of all the buckets we talked about historically from the membership fee income to the tax reform to the changing credit card, those things keep growing and it allows us to be competitive. And when we see strong sales, I think it encourages us to do more of that. And the other thing is I'm not going to go through 10 different things, but there's lots of things. We're very busy. It's not just the five basis points I mentioned in IT. We got a lot going on with the e-com fulfillment, with the chicken complex which I mentioned, there's a lot -- with the CCPA. These are small things but each of these are various numbers of basis points. CCPA is the privacy -- California Privacy Act. We don't point it out because I'm sure there's something that goes the other way sometimes. But at the end of the day, there's a lot of things going on and we feel pretty good about where our expenses are, in other words, we're going to try to improve them.
Richard Galanti: I honestly don't know. I know even a few people -- I mean the shopping frequency is off the charts for the last few days. And you see it on social media with people sending in pictures. So, I've got to believe there's been a little bit of it but not enough to move the needle.
Richard Galanti: I don't have it in front of me. I know that there was -- gas was inflationary, correct? I think -- in Q2, it was 7.9% inflationary.
Richard Galanti: Well, every banker calls us every day to let us know that rates are even lower today time to borrow. But, no, look we continue to look at it. We talked about it in every Board meeting and all I can tell you is stay tuned.
Richard Galanti: Well, we don't know. People have asked us what happens when people have been bulking up on certain items. And, yes, there's out of stocks every day too. But overall the numbers are incredible because there's so many people coming in. And they're buying other stuff as well. So I don't know what tomorrow brings. When asked the question, are the people then go through this additional purchasing of water and shelf-stable food items and everything, I guess it depends. Are some of them putting it in their basements for another day, some of it related to the fact that people aren't eating out as much. I think it's a combination of those factors. All we know is that last week starting Tuesday or Wednesday, which is when a lot of the news went even -- went -- in the U.S. went even further we had a huge pickup in traffic, which continued over the weekend and increased, and increased the first few days of this even further in the first few days of this month -- this week. And so we'll see what tomorrow brings. And again on the supply side, there is clearly not just -- at Costco and other places you really can't go in and generally find sanitizing items and what have you. And while we're getting shipments daily somewhere in the U.S. whatever limited amounts we get or allocated is gone pretty quickly. And I would assume that over the next few weeks or several weeks that will abate. But it depends what else happens with the virus itself. 
Richard Galanti: No lawn and garden are weather related. And then in some electronics items, while some are strong, there's others like some laptops and some phones where there's been some supply chain issues. But I would say, overall the initial thought -- my initial thought is that, big-ticket discretionary items might be negatively impacted right now. To the extent they are, it's been more than offset at least in these last several days by the influx of shopping frequency. I don't know what that means for tomorrow we'll have to see. 
Richard Galanti: It's still relatively new for us over the last year. Overall in -- my knowledge of this is a couple of months old. It's a slight improvement. The concern of course is as they buy more having delivered in one day and two day and then they come in less frequently. But how less frequently and they are coming in a little less regularly but the sum of the two still is fine. Again it's too early to tell in our view just fine continue? Or does it change a little bit. We're still -- but keep in mind also, we continue to do a lot of things consciously even through e-mails to get you come back in the location with certain promotional things that are in-store only.
Richard Galanti: Yes. We're just -- I mean, at the end of the day, our heart is we're merchants, and we try to drive business. And fresh is an area that also is a frequency driver. So it's more -- my comment is more anecdotal than some new change in strategy. 
Richard Galanti: No that is – the increased level of competition that I've talked about that goes back a year and a half plus ago. And that hasn't changed.
Richard Galanti: Well, I mean at the end of the day it's a small amount of basis points. When we issue a significant amount – you can kind of back into the number yourself of what percentage of our sales are the 2% reward. And we send out those certificates and there's always going to be some slippage. Notwithstanding the fact that, we send out reminders to our members that you haven't cashed this. At the end of the day we tend to be – we do our best guess to accrue for slippage. And I'd like to think that we tend to be a little conservative. And therefore when there's a review it picks up the other way. But at the end of the day we – accounting rules say, you do your best guess of what it should be. And then when you re-review it you adjust that.
Richard Galanti: Right. Well, it's hard to say because this one is so off the charts. I mean, again the last few weeks – the last several weeks with some limitations on number of members for some of that period of time, it's changed a little bit. But I mean that was either a top or second largest location in our company for the several weeks leading up to that. And the number of members is again off the charts. Nearly five times the company.
Richard Galanti: No, no, no. Because given the population of Shanghai and the fact that this thing went throughout social media and it was very popular over there. You have a somewhat higher renewal rate, we don't know yet because we opened it in August. But we know from other countries – I'm sorry, lower – lower rental rate. And no and you can't just simply multiply that out. But our – but the unit overall is again either number one or two, up until the last few weeks with what's going on over there with coronavirus was one of our top two units.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Look, we don't disclose that but more executive members and more penetration of executive members is good. More members who have the – in the case of the United States, the co-brand credit card is good. And if they have both in the executive and that it's even better. All those things I think are – help our sales growth.
Richard Galanti: It's definitely proactive on our part. And, I think, it's all of the above. It's protein. It's fresh -- I mean its produce.
Richard Galanti: Who knows? Clearly, week four was different than weeks one, two and three, for everything. And just a sheer number of people coming into the warehouse. I personally believe that given that restaurants probably have been impacted a little bit the last couple of weeks. They're buying more at supermarkets and more at Costco, so those things help a little bit as well.
Richard Galanti: Well, yeah, I think, there's a lot of additional things that cost you. I mean, there's not a lot of it, but I'm sure there's a little air freight going on. And I'm sure there's -- when you've got a high-cube, high-weight, low-value items like water, for the hectoliter it's for $2.99 or something, and you're going through it faster than you could put it on the floor. There's more labor and everything else. But it's still a net positive. In the scheme of things, I don't know if it helps or hurts the bottom a little bit. So. Okay. Yes. And the other thing is, they're not just coming and getting those five items and moving. They're shopping a little bit. Again, I personally was surprised that patio furniture is strong. And maybe per person it's a little weaker, but there's a lot more persons.
Richard Galanti: I believe -- I don't have it in front of me, but I believe last year we said gas helped us, relative to the prior year. It was pretty -- it wasn't worth talking about, plus or minus either way. 
Richard Galanti: There's probably lots of little things I'd like -- my mother would say we're good merchants and great stuff at low prices. There's nothing that stands out completely. And certainly there was not a lot of press out there issues around coronavirus even though was in the news a little bit. So, maybe on a macro basis, there's a little bit of that in there. I think there may have been some weather issues a year ago that may have impacted a little. But overall, we were -- in those three weeks, forgetting about week four, which was off the charts, it was -- we're feeling pretty good about it that some of the stuff we're doing is working from a merchandising standpoint and a pricing standpoint.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think -- first of all, there has been an impact on it. It's now starting to get a little bit further than normal back to normal on regular stuff. On some of the virus-related items that people are buying like water and sanitizing items and paper tiles and things like that, that's going to take a little bit while longer. When I ask the buyers they're working day-to-day with suppliers. You've got suppliers that are literally working around the clock to produce and to ship. But again people are coming in and buying stuff, if you will, for their basement.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think I mentioned there have been -- we have seen some little impact on some laptops and some cell phones and I think that's related to some of the things that we all read about in the paper about some shortage -- some delays because of some of the component parts. I think one thing that helps us a little as we're able to pivot a little bit. So, if there was a shortage or something with one area, we're able to put something else in its place since we sell pretty much everything. But we just don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. First order of business is to get the supply chains back open and running well. There are two kinds of supply chain issues. There's a supply chain issue related to all these very high demand items related to fighting and protecting yourself; the waters, the sanitizing, and things like that. And then there's just stuff, I mean everything from furniture to apparel to electronics coming from China. And on the latter, it seems at least while the one week -- and keep in mind given, the planned Chinese New Year week, there were stuff bought in early not only by us, but I'm sure others and so -- but then there's two more weeks of closures. So, those kind of things over the last three weeks in terms of talking about buyers, the supply chain has -- and the manufacturers are now back open they went from zero if you will the 25% to 40% to 50% to 60%, 80% and now it's getting to the ports. And some of those things are also being abated, some of the issues there. So my guess is if everything got better tomorrow from a concern standpoint, you still have a few weeks here where it takes time to fill those supply chains.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think we -- this is -- that's what we do. I mean, I think we've done a great job. We've been helped by strong big-ticket categories like electronics, like patio furniture and lawn and garden right now and other hardlines and softlines areas. Fresh continues to drive our business. We -- as you know when we're asked what are the two or three big factors that drive our business -- or of categories. It's fresh, it's gas, it's executive membership. And again utilizing those different bucket -- even when sales are good, we want to be aggressive in pricing. And when sales are bad, we want to be aggressive more aggressive in pricing. When the sales are good, we want to be more aggressive in pricing. It drives -- the top line improvements drive the bottom line.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think it was mid-September when we -- when the first chicken went through the plan if you will. The plan was that 45 weeks later there would be approximately 2.2 million birds a week being processed. And so call it September to August. And so we're a little bit past the halfway mark on that. And I believe in terms of production, we're a little bit past the halfway mark on that. Call it one million birds a week. It should be off a little bit on either side. And so a lot of this has to do with the fact that you've got this big facility that is running at well below capacity. The amount of impairment to margin related to that in Q2 was less than Q1. We would expect it to be less than in Q3 and further. So once we get the full capacity I think -- and then I'm sure there's going to be some operational improvements over the first couple of years as well. At the end of the day, it's a combination of sourcing just simpler supply. And our view is, is we can improve if you will the ultimate cost per bird. But we don't know that yet. We spent a little more than we planned, but we also upgraded the facility to be air chilled instead of water chilled. It truly is a state-of-the-art facility for the U.S. and a very high volume facility. And I would say, right now, things are going as planned in terms of that 45-week cycle. And I would like to think that a year from now -- six months from now or two more quarters from now, it's not going to be an issue that we really even talk about as it relates to how it impacted margin.
Richard Galanti: No. I mean we saw an increase but not really. I mean mind you that -- we saw -- yes throughout February we saw some increase in e-commerce. But again if people are looking for those -- the sense of urgency I'm going out right now and get it in things like water and everything. And some of those key items like peanut butter and crackers and the like, we have online as well. And those too in some regions there might be in and out of stocks.
Richard Galanti: Well I think the only insight is -- from what I've read it is not -- is the issue that more people are staying at home and not even going out. Whereas even near the -- I love the publicity that the state of Washington and King County is getting with a few of the -- there are people out and about. There's a little less traffic on the highways. And -- but notwithstanding that that's some highways coming to see us. 
Richard Galanti: Well first of all, it's gotten more press than it deserves. There are I believe seven current locations on the West Coast where we -- and I believe they are all outdoor locations. And one of the challenges that we've had is, particularly on very busy locations where people that are non members just come and eat there every day. You've got member complaints saying, why are you -- I have to pay the come to Costco. And so we took -- we're testing it in seven locations that we are limiting it to members only. It's easy in locations where you have the food court inside. But on -- and many of the ones in areas where the weather is generally good like California, Arizona and things like that you have a lot of them are outside. And so we'll see. But that's -- but again, seven locations out of 540, we're testing it at and it's gotten a lot of press. 
Richard Galanti: This is just a quote from the FDA yesterday and said well the FDA and other outlets are reporting disruptions and medical products are possible. At this time manufacturers are reporting that no specific drugs are experienced in shortage due to the impact of COVID-19. And talking to our Head of Pharmacy yesterday, he said the only thing that we've seen there's been a little pickup there as well. Let's say somebody has a year-long prescription. So four nine -- a prescription plus 990-day refills for -- and they'll come in and they'll want all four of them filled now. And in some cases even when their particular insurance plan doesn't cover it, they're paying cash. They're just hoarding -- they're hoarding up on their prescription to make sure we're not running out. But that's more again, I think the same thing you're seeing with paper goods. But from a supply and availability standpoint, but we haven't seen anything yet.
Richard Galanti: As it relates to costs, the general view of the buyers is, is that we have – I get back to the comment I made earlier about strong relations. To the extent that there's some raw materials cost increases because of shortages, that's going to rain on everybody. In our view, it rains on us a little less. But I think we – given the limited number of items we buy and the amount of things we – the amount of any given item that we buy, our buyers, we feel, know a lot more about the cost structure. And so I haven't seen any commentary on that internally other than there was one small comment I can't find it in my mess of papers here, that there may be – in some small cases, some raw material increases on some particular item – some particular raw material for some manufacturing process. But overall, there's not been a big issue. Right now, the only increase in transportation has some very limited items where there's been a little bit of airfreight, what we're finding is, is that the ports are getting back to capacity and there's plenty of space. And so that's not been as big an issue. As it relates to an e-comm investment. There's not a lot I have my plate to tell you today, we're working on more things related to our app, to our membership digital app. And we certainly have some things going on on the fulfillment side of e-commerce. And we've been focused on getting two more countries opened, as I mentioned in the last quarter. And we think – there are a few other things that we've got going on that I'll be happy to chat with the next time around.
Richard Galanti: Well, customers like it, but we don't like it necessarily. We're doing buy online and pick up in-store for some small items – small high-value items. But we're not at the point where we're looking for members to buy online they come up and pick up their whole grocery baskets. So we're trying to figure out our way. And certainly – again, the last nine or so days notwithstanding, seems – things seem to be working pretty well for us in that regard. We continue to work on the – where we've had good sales and good strength over the last few years in e-commerce is taking certain big and bulky things out of the warehouse, white goods and things that are delivered, in some cases, installed, and so we continue to work on those kind of things as well.
Richard Galanti: Well, again, the last week-and-a-half notwithstanding, because it's been nuts. No, first of all, member comments and basic member renewal rates. I mean, we actually -- the operators and all the way up to Craig, see weekly information on comments. You can't imagine how many people call and e-mail when to have something that they're concerned about. And we also measure the least expected, but the positive letters to that effect. On the operations side, the key is still -- well, aside from merchandising, the art of merchandising out there and giving the warehouse managers the assistant managers and the merchandisers -- whereas merchandisers some leeway, not -- I mean, certainly electronics is when you walk in and there's defensive promotional goods and fresh is in the back. But the end of the day, there is a bit of merchandising that is pushed down to the regional and warehouse level. And that's what, I think, drives our business there. In terms of the front end, managing the front end, I think, we've got less count, 120 of our 540-ish locations in the U.S. with self-checkout. And we plan another 100 in the next three months. And so, always trying to figure out and measuring the number of transact -- number of member transactions through the front end per hour.
Richard Galanti: Yes. No. Well, I think, it's all over the board. Yesterday, I think, there was a couple of -- either Los Angeles or San Diego counties that announced a heightened level of concern. King County here in Seattle did that a couple of days ago. When that happens, that's another catalyst to puts people to go out and get more stuff. I would hope -- and, look, we would all hope this thing peaks and starts to slow down. It depends what happens tomorrow. We'll be tired, but still working hard. Given that half of our employees -- roughly -- a little over half of our -- of the 90% of employees in our warehouses that are hourly, about a little over half of those 90% are full-time and a little under half of are part-time. Certainly, there are employees that want to work more than part-time and so we've been able to accommodate some additional hours there. But everybody is a little tired but that's what you do.
Richard Galanti: Well, the only thing I mentioned there was that in -- and getting ready for today's call, I had spoken to several of the senior merchants in the different categories. And one thing without even looking at the numbers I thought is I assume some of the big ticket discretionary items might be a little weaker because people are not running in to get those items. They're running in to get other concerned items. And the fact was to my surprise that they said that certain items like patio furniture and lawn and garden was strong. They felt -- and again it was just their view that patio -- lawn and garden was more related to some of the areas of the country where the weather has turned already. And -- but clearly because you got X percent more people coming in every day than normal.
Richard Galanti: Okay. Well thank you everyone. Have a good afternoon and we're around to answer any questions. Have a good day.
