Ron Vachris: Thank you, Gary. And again, welcome to Costco. I'm very happy to report that the transition from Richard to Gary has gone very well and we're very excited to have Gary on board as part of Costco, and I look forward to working together on the growth opportunities ahead for our company. Before we jump into the quarter, I want to make a couple of comments on the leadership transition. As Richard has mentioned on previous calls, I've worked closely with Craig Jelinek for many years, including side-by-side for the last two years as President. And so the current CEO transition has been very seamless process. Since January, my time has been focused on working closely with the teams around the world to ensure we continue to deliver the best quality merchandise that are best value for our members. I'm incredibly proud of our employees and I believe our consistency of the results is a reflection of their commitment to our members and to each other. Consistent with how Craig and Richard manage investor communications, I intend to have Gary host the quarterly conference calls and I will join as business permits to answer a few questions. So Gary, let's go to the results and I'm happy to jump back in for the Q&A portion to field some questions today.
Ron Vachris: This is Ron Vachris. No, I think that this is part of our everyday DNA. I mean, we are competitive on a daily basis. Our buyers are on top of pricing daily, weekly and we all review them each month. And so we feel very good about where we are today and our runway to continue to be as competitive as we are moving forward.
Ron Vachris: That's no -- and I think the answer to that is yes, on all those fronts. We are working on all those aspects. Right now, we're rolling out an expanded buy online pickup in warehouse that is always going to be limited in scope based on the volume in our warehouses that we have. We can't expand to all categories, but we're expanding as we currently speak in televisions and other electronic items that are there as -- and so yeah, we see that as a real opportunity for us. Technology is going to be one of our key priorities moving forward. How do we improve that member engagement and the relationship we have with them in our brick-and-mortar warehouses as well as online and through other aspects such as travel and so forth. So technology we see is a great opportunity to enhance the member relationship with Costco and also drive a lot more business for us as well as we move forward. So we're going to continually innovate. I mean, with the management changes, I wouldn't expect major changes as we have a proven strategy now. But as we've done for the past 41 years, we continue to innovate to the needs of our members. Oh, and the last on data, absolutely. We see a great opportunity for data. We have expanded our group there. We have a significant program now with retail media and we see some great upside potential. We've expanded that team and we see some good potential and some good runway for us in that as well, things like personalization and so forth.
Ron Vachris: No, that 14%, 15% has been part of our life for many years. And so I think that's -- our objective, our buyer's goals is really how aggressive they can get on pricing and deliver the best value. So I don't see there's no plans to move that cap at all.
Ron Vachris: Our biggest strength on digital e-com is, of course, the merchandise and the value that we have. I mean that's what works for us in our brick-and-mortar. You know, the technology, the systems that we have, the teams have got a great roadmap of where they're going. A lot of the work that's being done right now is very foundational. So better fulfillment, quicker delivery times, the reliability of the site, those type of things. So those are the things. And then following that will come iterative changes of forward facing improvements that you'll see in the sites and move forward. So I think we've got a very good roadmap to do that. But I think that does -- it's -- I think personalization is a big deal for members that we could do a much better job on and also a better correlation of the warehouse and the online business. We're working towards warehouse inventory online. So members could use that in the app. But app functionality is one of our greatest opportunities.
Ron Vachris: Yes. It does indeed look that way. I've got to tell you that the discretionary spend we're seeing, I mean, we're definitely winning in consumables as we see the food business and dining away from home has softened up a bit and people are eating and we're seeing that in our fresh foods. But I have to tell you that categories such as the home division and toys are categories that have lagged quite a bit post-COVID that with great excitement, I mean, our buyers have come out and delivered some great items, have phenomenal values, have really rejuvenated those categories. And those are both leading categories for us in sporting goods, toys, furnishings, domestics, all those categories are really coming on very strong now and all of it discretionary in nature.
Ron Vachris: I mean, again, like I said, there's no major changes planned. The team is -- the team that's been running this company for some time. Gary has been a great addition to us and is contributing nicely. But our model is working. It's working around the world. Great value on quality merchandise seems to resonate in every region that we do business. So we'll continue to innovate. We'll continue to see new things and be relative to what our members needs are, but I can't sit here today and tell you to expect anything -- any great momentous changes in the near future. We just want to continue to actually execute well.
Ron Vachris: I would have to mirror what Gary says. We are -- we do have a unique model. We have a relationship with all of our members. Our responsibility is use that data wisely and respectfully. As far as IT spend, yeah, there will be some IT spend. We don't see as we look in the future, we don't see that to be anything that will really change our trajectory of our cap investments. But there will be some IT requirements, but we feel that will be in the normal course of business.
Ron Vachris: John, I'll go ahead and start out. I think the biggest opportunity is, just like you said, the awareness of the warehouse and keeping our members in tune on what's active, what's going on in the warehouse near them and how we can continue to enhance and drive those sales. I think that that's probably our greatest opportunity with digital as we see moving forward. Personalization is good. We talk here a lot about a fair reasonable amount of personalization. We never want to compromise the treasure hunt of Costco. And that's equally as important as people that go to costco.com, never knew that they needed a 16 foot shed and they see a phenomenal value as they do in the warehouse. And so we don't want to personalize to a detriment, that changes our DNA and who we are. But we do know that there's definitely some improvements we could have that would enhance the member experience. And that's everything that our team is focused on is that how does this move to the member and how does it improve their experience with us digitally.
Ron Vachris: Okay. It's a very healthy environment from what we see from our members right now. And as you take a category such as our meat department, which is growing very nicely. A lot of volume being driven in ground beef and our new everyday lower price on boneless skinless chicken breasts, really driving a lot of volume units there, while Wagu Beef and prime are growing at a great clip for us as well. So we're seeing that benefit from both sides of the consumer that great value in both areas are doing very well. The non-foods, I tell you that non-foods is strictly driven by newness and excitement and we see big and bulky going very well. It's been a year of our $1,200 swing set that we have on the floor. We can't get enough. They're just blowing out. But it's again that continuous innovation of merchandise that is exciting our members and really driving some sales force there. Executive membership continues to -- yeah, and that drives our executive base and because people are engaging at a much higher level.
Ron Vachris: Sure. We have -- we've gotten into vertical integration and sourcing as the need arises. And if you think back in the infamous story about the hot dog and coke at $1.50 and how are you going to figure out how to keep that price there, while we're going to open our own meat plants. And as we looked at the prices of optical lenses going up and then we opened up our optical grinding plants. So we did that to continue to look at those things. The chicken plant came because we saw an inflection point where supply was not going to meet demand. So we had to get involved and because we didn't have a partner that was willing to expand into that area as well. There is a focus that I have a group focused on too is that let's not try and be everything though. Let's -- we've got a business to run here and we're not going to get vertically integrated just because it's something we can do. It really is going to be driven by where the needs are and when do you need to step in. It's equally -- we have great partners out there that supply our goods for us and they're long-term suppliers. And so it's strategically using that relationship is going to be the key in the future. So there's nothing that I could announce at this time that we're going to expand into, but we continue to keep that in our back pocket should we need to.
Ron Vachris: You know the strategy behind it was another avenue to bring value to our members is really what that was about is that there is an upcharge on having grocery delivered to home. We work closely with Instacart, now we will with Uber to try and keep those costs at a minimum, but they've got people to pay on their side as well. So the partnership was really to how do we continue to enhance that service for our members and drive more sales. And so that was truly the -- yes, somebody can go out and use that somewhere else. But again, our job is to save the members where we can and be it airline tickets or Uber Drive tickets or Instacart shopping, we look at all those opportunities to add value to the member.
Ron Vachris: I guess how they react. We normally have good data before we'll open up an infill building and we can judge based on our member information what cannibalization will realize in what building. So we're able to get in front of that and adjust labor and payroll and buying and all those type of things for the upcoming cannibalization that we plan. And our team does a very good job. They're normally within a percent or so of what reality is to the execution of where our plans are as well. So we've gotten pretty good at planning those things out. And with -- it's strategic and the number of cannibalized locations I'd have to tell you, I'd have to say that we probably opened eight this year that cannibalized other buildings. Some may have cannibalized one warehouse, others may be in the middle and we had one in Toronto that cannibalized four buildings around it, but they've built back their sales within six months. So those are the opportunities where you know to Gary's earlier point, frequency improves significantly because members can get back into a high volume club. And so it's strategic cannibalization, if you would, as we look around the world.
Ron Vachris: No, that's a very fair -- that's a very good point. No, we continue to see -- I mean, the company, we had a very healthy SG&A number this quarter. Inventory was flowing very well. We had fresh goods coming through the system. Our warehouses did a phenomenal job. SKU counts are in line. And so it's one of those things where all the stars aligned and this is the way we operate well. When you can deliver that kind of a top-line growth at our size now, our operators do a tremendous job leveraging that to the SG&A. So what could that -- could that get to? I'd hate to say 8%, but I do think that we can have continued runway of driving down that number.
Ron Vachris: Yes. We were 5% up in gallons, you know. And again, that's -- I think all those things when you can save people on gas, that's also going to lend to your traffic as well. But gallons were up 5% for the quarter.
Ron Vachris: Well, yeah, I think if you look at -- if you talk about the home category and definitely is furnishings, which is one that was quite soft post-pandemic that has come back strong in furniture, those type of things. Then home decor, it's been some very unique items. I mean we've got 7 foot artificial trees that have come in and just exploded out and just blowing out of the warehouses and those are going at a nice clip. Domestics, the most unique items, Swedish dish towels, import items we're finding from around the world are doing very well. But it really comes down to unique items at great values that are exciting to members in all those categories. The housewares categories have been great. You know, sporting goods and toys, inflatable outdoor toys have been a big, big category for us as well. We've added the Kirkland Signature driver into our golf lineup that has -- that sells out as quick as it goes online. So we're seeing wins in several different categories.
Ron Vachris: Yes. There'll be ebbs and flows with the competition, but I'm very confident that we are always in the right position and we're staying ahead of that to keep the value there for our members. So these are -- those things are cyclical, but we're going to be a value every day.
Ron Vachris: I would say that that's very fair. We -- our merchants report monthly on industry trends in the country and/or internationally as we're seeing. And we can see our sales performance compared to the rest of market. And I would think that you're spot on when you say that we're gaining market share.
Ron Vachris: It moves as time moves and you see pricing in categories and where we have the greatest opportunity to be more competitive for our members. And it may be in an area that if fresh foods is seeing some price inflation, we may invest more in the fresh foods departments for that period of time. The nice part about our model with 3,600 SKUs, 3,700 SKUs is we're still quite nimble as big as we are. So we can shift and based on the needs of our members and where we think the best investment in margin would take care of them. We're able to shift that thought process and then move it around. So I wouldn't say that there's any set, okay, if membership fee goes up, it's going to be spent in these areas. We work as a team and we continue to monitor it throughout the year and we act as needed.
Ron Vachris: The part -- a good part of those is things like our e-commerce business and how we can -- how we can move out some of those goods out of the warehouse and move that business online. And as Gary spoke to, now that we have control over Costco logistics, we can bring great value to that experience as well. We continue to look at technology. We're testing some front door scanners that are going to -- they're speeding up our registers significantly when we get all the scanning and memberships are verified at the front door, it has shown a significant improvement in our register speed. And so that in turn turns over parking spaces much quicker. And so those kind of things along with strategic infills to help open up parking opportunities and gas expansions where those are needed as well. So there are several different levers that we'll continue to pull on how we can best serve the member in that building and where we need to make sure that we can look at throughput.
Ron Vachris: Absolutely. We -- that's one of the big -- we were just in a session with our grocery divisions and talking there. And we've seen a great success in international foods that have been brought in to the U.S. and then of the like from the U.S. into the other regions of the world where we do business. But you want to take care of not only the consumables in the grocery side, but when we bring in an item that's a success in Taiwan or Korea or the UK and it creates that excitement for the member, that's when we really have done a good job of triggering that impulsive purchase where members are trusting the buyers and they will add that additional item to their cart. So that's been a big win for us. And again, it goes a lot of times with that treasure hunt. I mean, you've heard the plays, people come in to spend $100 and walk out with $300. That's because our buyers do and our operators do a great job in making the warehouses exciting and keeping those on the forefront of what they're -- when they come in and do their basic shopping, they pick up a few additional items that just compel them at the time.
Ron Vachris: And then your question on marketplace is a significant opportunity for us moving forward. I mean, we really do indeed see that. I think especially with our limited SKU count in the warehouse, how can we expand the offering to the members, bring value to their membership card beyond what's within our four walls or what's on costco.com and we see this as a great growth driver for us in the future and a way to bring expanded value to the members as we look forward. So I'm quite bullish on Costco Next and what that can become in the future.
Ron Vachris: So the grocery delivery in China, we're up and going on six buildings we all just opened our seventh warehouse this week. That will start up this weekend. It's been a big win for our members. Its delivery within two hours is what is able to be done. And so we're seeing some good incremental shops initially out of that program, and we look forward to good things in the future on that.
Ron Vachris: Yes, that is other -- that is only -- we only deliver Costco members' orders through Costco Logistics. There are no partnerships going through those numbers that you see. We do a trace amount of series numbers, but that's not in any of the numbers that we report the growth in. That is just part of the past relationship that's there as well. And it is appliances, furnishings and outdoor were the three big drivers. Appliances were almost 30% growth for us in the period. And again, to Gary's point, it's that member value of the all in, what you see is what you pay price for delivery, installation, haul-away, everything you need done at one time that has really resonated with our members and has been a great driver of sales force.
Ron Vachris: As Gary mentioned earlier, Costco Next is a bit unique, but is it a fully curated marketplace. As there's many other marketplaces out there that are just for somebody to go on and sell goods on this marketplace. These are relationships that our buyers have with our suppliers and we're creating new suppliers as well. This has not only been a new way to sell goods, we've also found that we can find some really neat items that are selling through Costco Next that we in turn then bring into our warehouse. So it is a great testing ground for newness -- new items, a way to expand categories of accessories for certain categories that you have swing sets that we sell online, but you have additional swings and slides and other activities that you sell that we normally wouldn't be able to fit into a warehouse. So it really complements the core warehouse business, but gives us an opportunity to expand member value to these other partners as well. So we see a lot of upside there.
Gary Millerchip: Yes. I would really kind of revert back to some of the comments that Richard shared previously. I don't think that we're thinking about it any differently than he's talked about in the last few calls. We've historically looked at increasing the membership fee every five years or so. And obviously, we're beyond that time period now in terms of what would be the typical cycle. There's nothing about anything that we see within how the business is performing that's changing our view on that. We feel really good about membership renewal rates. We feel really good about the test of are we delivering significantly more value to members than we were or have since we last increased the membership fee. But I think we are our own probably toughest competitor and that we look at what's happened in the marketplace over the last few years and when we were seeing high inflation and the risk and concern around recession. We -- as I know before I joined the company, it was talked about extensively and it continues to be talked about as it's something that is still a case of when we increase the fee rather than if we increase the fee. But we are still evaluating those considerations to determine what the right timing is. And when we reach that point where we feel it is the right time, of course, we'll be very open and direct in communicating that.
Gary Millerchip: I think it's only surprising in as much as I know we've talked previously about we thought that we would potentially run out of runway for new warehouses in the U.S. and as you know, this year we're opening close to 29 net new warehouses and many of those will be continuing in the U.S. and we still see significant runway to continue to opening more warehouses in the U.S. in the future. I think that sort of 25 to 30 new warehouse count is a reasonable proxy for what we think the runway is for the foreseeable future for new warehouses. And I'd be surprised if at least half of those weren't in the -- continue to be in the U.S. because we still see significant growth when we open those new warehouses. And what it's doing for us in fill in markets is it's creating capacity for our members that are shopping very busy warehouses today to be able to shop more frequently and drive more engagement with us and also it increases membership renewal rates over time as well. So I think we still see plenty of runway in the U.S. to continue to open more warehouses, but we also see a lot of growth opportunity, of course, in the international markets as well.
Gary Millerchip: And Chuck, maybe just one thing to build on that too. I think as you think about some of the opportunities that Ron mentioned on the earlier call, I completely echo Ron's comment about we have a really clear growth strategy that's obviously delivering momentum in the company today and these opportunities through technology and media, I think are great opportunities for us to find new ways to unlock value. But again, I think we see those very much in the mindset of how do we give 90%-ish of that back to the member, so that we're continuing to drive member engagement, member loyalty and member value.
Gary Millerchip: And Scott, maybe just to add from my perspective of being new to the role and new to the company, early observations to me, obviously, the incredibly impressed with the culture and the strategy is clearly working very well. So my first priority is to really being new to the company is to really acclimatize and to support and enable a smooth transition with the culture to make sure the momentum that we have continues going forward. And I think the other point, as we talked about a little bit earlier on the call is we're on a journey with technology and data. And so hopefully, there's things that I can bring to work with the team and help us continuing on that journey and accelerate that journey. And really that's the priorities in my mind being new into the CFO role.
Gary Millerchip: Sure. Thanks, Kelly. Yeah, I'll go first and then Ron may want to add some color as well. I think many of your comments are relevant to how we think about the opportunity. And from -- the first thing I guess I would say as being new and having joined the company is as you think about where a lot of companies talk about alternative profit streams, there are a lot of areas today where Costco is doing great things in that area today. So using the strength of the membership relationship in driving a very large co-brand payment program that delivers value to members and delivers values to the company. The travel services business that we have, which is pretty unique in retail, but I think in any other company would be viewed as a way of generating new revenue and alternative revenue streams from sort of expanding from that overall retail relationship. And then thirdly, I would say we have media revenue today in areas of the business. So it's not as though it isn't something that actually the business is delivering on today. But I think as Ron mentioned in an earlier comment that as technology and data are something that we're sort of building a path towards, I would still say there's significant opportunity for us to grow in that space because of the unique nature of the relationship we have with our members and the ways in which we can deliver value for them and tap into that data and tap into the growth that we're creating both in the warehouse and through digital channels. I think it's a little bit early to sort of size it in totality because you're right, there are also some unique elements about our model that would make our opportunity a little bit different. But from what we know today and from the team that's been brought in to help the company think through it, we certainly believe it's got significant runway to drive a lot of growth for the company. And as I mentioned earlier, though, I would definitely think of it as something that we'll look at to as we do with everything, reinvest in the member to really accelerate the growth of the company overall.
Gary Millerchip: Yes. Thanks, John. Just maybe to give you a little bit more color on the core-on-core and how it kind of played out during the quarter. And so if you think about the three main categories in core between foods and sundries, fresh and non-foods, fresh would have continued to have been slightly lower year-over-year, and that's a very deliberate strategy for us to make sure we're delivering more value for the member, and we think that's a really important place for us to drive member engagement and support, especially as we're still seeing some commodities that are a little bit inflationary right now. So that would have been very much part of the plan from our perspective. But it was more than offset, as you mentioned by the improvement in non-foods during the quarter, which was what led to the 10-basis point improvement on core-on-core. Food and sundries actually was pretty flat overall. So we feel good about the way that we're managing the balance while staying true to that principle of delivering the best value for the member. And we were pleased with how it played out during the quarter based on the work all the merchandising teams did.
Gary Millerchip: Yes, the gas profitability would have been down a little bit. I think you may have heard me mention in the prepared comments that when we looked at the overall gross margin rate for the quarter and the sort of headwind that we had was in the ancillary businesses, the other businesses, and it was essentially gas that created that headwind. So we did see a reduction in gas profitability during the quarter, but overall, the core-on-core margin improvement and e-commerce improvement essentially offset that to bring us pretty close to flat overall when you adjust for gas inflation in the results. So it was down. I would say general, we've seen on gas profitability, it's been relatively consistent to slightly improving if you look over the last few years, but obviously, there are points in time when you think about volatility in fuel prices where you can have those ups or downs in any given quarter and that was -- this last quarter was one where we did see a headwind in year-over-year gas profitability.
Gary Millerchip: You know it is a good risk. When you look at -- I talked before about managed cannibalization and when you do these infills and 29 locations is a solid number for us. As you start getting into infills, some of these projects take a little longer. It's a little tougher than there's not a whole lot of greenland out there for us to go in and open up a warehouse. So we have to do some creative things to find a way to infill in a very high market. International expansion continues to be strong. Some of the countries or regions that we do business in take quite a bit longer to get things done. So I think you'll see that ebb and flow. That number 25 to 29 or 25 to 30 is a good number for us. We feel good with our staffing and leadership and building out the infrastructure behind these warehouses. So we open with great solid support there.
Gary Millerchip: You know we saw -- we were testing Uber for some time in Texas. We had the tests going on there and we did see a new cohort of members engagement that are on the Uber platform. Uber also allowed us to expand our international footprint too. So we're going to be out in Japan, Korea, Taiwan, UK and that we'll be expanding and where we don't have grocery delivery now. So there were some real benefits to that relationship, along with the long standing Instacart relationship that we had has been very good for many years. So we think that it does open up a window for us for some new member engagement and we also think that it's going to be very good for us internationally and expansion there as well.
Gary Millerchip: And I think maybe just one thing to mention on that, Ron too, you mentioned it earlier, but with on the appliances, obviously, making sure we're always very competitive on price. But I do think the acquisition of Innoval Costco Logistics now and the value that we offer members there through both including the delivery and the insulation and the removal of the old appliance is proving to be a real differentiator for us on the member experience as well.
Gary Millerchip: You know fee increases go back to the members in lower prices. I mean that's -- it creates -- I mean and that's one of the key parts that we use that money for is that it allows us to broaden that distance from the competition and bring greater values than improving our operation overall for the member. So that's the primary focus.
Gary Millerchip: Scott, maybe one thing I would just add to is, I think we're all reading a lot about the consumer, of course and what they're going through right now. And I think what we see is that value and quality has never been more important. And so that plays to, as Ron described earlier, what we deliver, and we're making sure that the teams are laser focused on every day delivering that value and quality. And so I think we're drawing customers to what Costco has offer for many years and it's never more relevant than now based on what we're hearing from members and consumers.
Gary Millerchip: I think maybe just to add on that, Ron too. I mean, the nice thing about the opportunity there for us is with trips up by 5%, that's really why the average basket size has been more flat recently and that's because we've been growing member engagement in consumables, as Ron mentioned, with food and fresh. And so it does present a great opportunity. And I think it also speaks to the team doing a good job of driving more frequency of member visits. So it creates a great opportunity for us to drive more of that basket size as well.
Gary Millerchip: I think the difference for us on that would be, of course, as we are with Costco Next is just being very curated for the member. So we're unlike a traditional marketplace that is about maybe just sheer volume for us, it's about making sure the member is getting something that truly is unique and valuable and being consistent to who we are, but it's tremendous upside opportunity there in that regard.
Gary Millerchip: Yes, I think just briefly on electronics, so we believe -- I think Ron referenced earlier, we look at a lot of the market data and we believe that we're winning with the member there in terms of the value that we're delivering and when we look at our trends versus the market. So we feel good about our ability to continue to outpace the market there and we're seeing a good opportunity within digital in particular to really drive more connection with the member and take some of those big ticket items from the warehouse to online as well. And in Asia, I think it would be consistent with what we've talked about with warehouses in the past that we think all of the markets offer us a great opportunity for growth. Some of those markets in Asia are more mature, but there's still significant opportunities to open new warehouses and fill in those markets. And then obviously, we have markets like China where we're really just sort of starting that journey, but there's tremendous growth opportunity as we identify the right path forward in that market.
Gary Millerchip: Joe, I'll give you the practical example as a new entrant to the Seattle market. I just had Costco Logistics deliver two mattresses, three TVs and a couple of chairs as well for me. So that's the kind of stuff I think that we're seeing really resonate with members.
Oliver Chen: Hi, Ron and Gary. You've done some really creative merchandising around UPTs and units per transaction with pickup items and innovation on that treasure hunt. What are your thoughts there? And also, big ticket and electronics, previously, previously, it was a bit of a drag. Just would love your thoughts on what you're seeing there. And third part is marketplace, the marketplace model and the concession model, and alternative inventory models. Just what are your views of opportunities there because they're really big ones and your member is so loyal to you as well. Thank you.
Oliver Chen: I'm thinking strategically about adding units to people's baskets going forward and merchandising in that way as well if it's something you see in terms of an opportunity.
Oliver Chen: Okay. And finally, on that big ticket question, would love any green shoots on electronics or TVs? And the last question on Asia, you have same day in China and you've done a lot of great things in the Asian region. Just would love any update there in terms of progress you made and the big opportunity for more end sales as well. Thank you.
