Richard Galanti: Sure, well I can't talk necessarily about how the last week or so was but what I know I have mentioned and I know what Jim has mentioned when asked in the last way back, a couple of months ago, we approached the Christmas season as far back as September, somewhat aggressively, recognizing structurally we feel that a, we've had great shopper frequency. We have on average a little bit more upscale member that perhaps can weather the economic storm on average a little better. But hopefully it will pick up some of those discretionary items as well and structurally we can afford to be a little more aggressive because of the types of merchandise we sell and the terms that we have. We're in and out of seasons early so we have continued to approach with a plus sign in front of it, if you will versus a caution and that continues.
Richard Galanti: Not really. For us, Black Friday, while we do, in the last several years we've done a handout with a few items in it. It's really more of an advertising traditional retail holiday. Certainly, Black Friday is better for us than an average Friday but it doesn't really pretend anything out of the ordinary for us. And it was reflected in our November comps by the way.
Richard Galanti: Well I can't give you guidance on it other than you note in that line there is that tax benefit I mentioned. There won't be that high, I think that low under five million of that line is a tax benefit because of Mexico.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think first and foremost Canada's economy overall, not just at Costco has been strong. We've enjoyed local currency comps for two years now in the mid to high single-digits in Canada. My guess is that as a smaller benefit of that is related to the fact that Sam's exiting the market gosh a year or a half ago where they had six to eight locations in the Toronto, Montreal markets. Certainly, that helps a little bit but as you might expect the day that was announced, Jim was the first to remind the buyers he doesn't want to see big improvement in margins there. So my guess is that's a little of it but a bigger thing is continuing strong comps up there.
Richard Galanti: Well part of it, I think it's both. As I mentioned a minute ago, clearly some of it's leveraged but I think also our, and again I don't know what the leverage comp number is completely but I just believe and we all agree that it is lower than it used to be. We have focused on it over the last year and a half. Everybody has focused on it but as so many of you know for years I've always said there aren't a lot of silver bullets in our SG&A because we're pretty sufficient to start with. Well guess what, in the last two year's, everybody's been focused on it a little more and little things are being taken out of operations and payroll. And yeah and so keep in mind as Bob was just mentioning to me, benefits are higher in that number, higher than sales growth so actually, overall there was a little more improvement that offset that. So, you know again, there's lot of little things plus pretty good comps.
Richard Galanti: Keep in mind the big improvement last year in Q2 really related to the year before that when we took about 30 to $35 million of commodity price markdowns so the Delta a year ago was because of the rollout performance a year earlier. So I don't see that as being a concern this year. Look, one of the things I pointed out a minute ago was even our overall Fresh Foods gross margin was up in Q1 not withstanding a much weaker, for us, bakery margin we were trying to hold prices, despite the raw material prices going up. You can't do that forever but we recognized that these, a lot of those muffins are sold to restaurants and delis and the longer we can hold that price the better. It won't be forever but we're able to do that and still have pretty strong margins here. As Jim has said before and years ago I not sure I always agreed, but I agree more and more, margins aren’t' the issue. We feel pretty good that we have the ability to do a little of that but we're not going to go crazy.
Richard Galanti: Yes, again where the inflationary pressures have started first would be Fresh Foods, Bakery, sugar, the raw materials we use for baked goods or the food court. And again both of those margins in first quarter were down year-over-year because we're holding on but we're able to do, by the way, we'd probably have done that even if there was margin pressure in the whole company. The good news is  we're able to do that even within Fresh Foods margins so I think, overall I think, we're running on all cylinders as it relates to our merchandising, most cylinders as you would say, not all but in terms of merchandising and our ability to achieve our margins.
Richard Galanti: It's seems to be all over the board. If you think about Fresh foods, I think the supermarkets have their own set of pressures. Again, we're stronger in bigger ticket higher end beef items like prime rib and steaks and what have you and that's where there's a little less pricing pressure. We're still the best value out there but the ad items you see for ground beef and things like that aren't as big a competitive issue for us. We're able to compete effectively and not be impacted a lot. Different regions are doing different things on that side with launch leaders. I mean you get driven crazy in a region or two whether it's milk or soda pop or things like that but as it relates to pricing pressures, I think we would all agree here that we're going to be the last to take prices up and so far, that's happened and that's good for us. And we're able to do that and still show decent margins. On the non-food side, there's, you hear about cotton going up a lot. Well it does, it impacts those items but it impacts little higher ticket items less than $8 items at the discount stores.
Richard Galanti: Well, there's not a whole lot of new news yet other than what you just mentioned. As you know, we raised it from the base numbers from 45 to 50 I think it was May, roughly, May of '06 so five years would be May of '011 but we really haven't talked about it yet. I don't think what our competitors do impacts us a lot. Certainly our renewal rates, our frequency and the like give us confidence that if and we wanted to, it would not be an issue as it never has been but we honestly haven't sat down and talked about it yet. And at some point I'm sure it will happen but whether it's sometime in the first half of '11 or the second half of '11 or the early part of '12 who knows. I'm not trying to be coy here but we just really haven't talked about it yet but it is not because of a lack of confidence in our loyalty in our ability.
Richard Galanti: If you go back a few years ago when we had the slide that said this is how many we have by country today, this is what we think the potential was 10 years from now, I thin in both Korea and Taiwan, we had at the time four or five in each of those countries. We felt long-term it could be 15. While I haven't seen that slide lately, I think in the past year I saw it and the 15's were 25's. In Japan, when we had three or four units the potential for some reason was 49. I don't know why it wasn't 50. I don't think that's really changed other than we have committed to a lot more. We have what nine, I believe in Japan and seven in Korea and six in Taiwan. As I mentioned between those three countries we've got several opening this fiscal year and yes you'll see a higher rate of openings this year and the next few years than you have in the past. So it moves the needle for the company a little bit. We've had great success in those countries. We've had great success in the one unit we have in Australia. We're anxious to get our second open this coming Spring and hopefully a third, my guess is that third slips into Q1 of '12 but we're working to try and get it open. So, we'll see but I think it's like a lot of things around here, it's a big positive for those operations given that they are successful. It's a slight positive for the company overall that are trending in that direction.
Richard Galanti: Margins higher. Keep in mind in places like Korea and Taiwan, I think eight of our 10 highest volume units are in the three Asia countries. And I wouldn't be surprised if all 10 were, if they were a little older. So, I mean it helps when you have four or five locations and a 15 plus million-population city like Seoul or Taipei or Tokyo. So we have met with good success and member signups and sales over there and we expect to keep opening some units. (inaudible) is higher, payroll is, because sales per location are quite high, payroll as a percent of sales is lower but the net of everything, membership fees tend to be higher. Some of those units have twice the average number of members as our company overall. But again that has to do with the fact that there's so many, so densely populated and they like American stuff. What we feel that we've brought is not only the unique membership format but American sourced goods, bigger and great value.
Richard Galanti: I honestly don't know. My guess is, there's got to be some elasticity. It probably was, there was huge elasticity that was positive. When the economy first got hit in '08, throughout the first half of '09 as we all called it, the high-end steak restaurants which were hammed, 2% of all beef raised in the United States is prime. Virtually all of it went to high-end restaurants. There were weeks and months in the middle of '09 where we represented something like 35% of all the prime steaks being sold in America, including restaurants so as they slow down and the price points in these items and again, this is anecdotal but I do remember a prime steak that we might have was selling at 18 or $19 a pound for a strip steak but we didn't sell them because the disparity was so different was down to 10.99 and 11.99 and we could sell a dramatic amount of them even as the 10 and 11.99 choice steak went to 8.99. I'm guessing on these numbers but directionally that was the issue. So, my guess is there's some elasticity but it's good news for us.
Richard Galanti: Our overall Fresh Food margin, which is the sum of bakery, produce, meat and what we call deli, packaged items like cheeses, what have you, our overall gross margin was up in the quarter. Notwithstanding the fact that our produce and our bakery margin was down because of holding prices on many of those items. We can't hold them forever but so far we have.
Richard Galanti: I would say, well in November it was. Over the quarter, closing in on it, so yes, it's getting better. I don't want to suggest that life's great our there. We all know what the underlying unemployment statistics and the economy concerns are but certainly seems, I think probably the thing that has continued to surprise me, is the improvement of shopper frequency. For 20 years shopper frequency, year-over-year each month was on average up 1%, 1.5%. All of a sudden, starting really before the economy got bad in late '08, in the Spring of '08 when gas prices approached $4, we started seeing frequency improve. And throughout '09 when the economy was really in the doldrums we continued and I was the first to remind people that hey if we're running, if we typically run one's and two's and we're running three's and four's a year from now if we're flat that's not so bad because we had all that frequency in one year. Well guess what, we're running three's and four's and five's for two years running now. It has to do with the fact that to some extent people change some of their habits with restaurant usage in '09. I think competitively we are still taking market share from traditional supermarkets and that's what drives frequency in our business and that helps.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all I think we did a good job per Jim's instructions, the buyers, that when they come they originally got hammered. We tried very hard not to bring price points down. Now did we try some lower price points on patio furniture to get below $1,000 or a little above a $1,000 at a price point, yes. Did we sell a little better? Yes. Did we do that again this year leading into February through April of '10, second bad February through April of economy? No. And we're actually scrambling, because I think part of it was (inaudible). So, now are we getting, I think the ticket has come down a little bit because people are coming in more. It's caught up a little bit because there is finally a little more strength and penetration of what I'll call medium to higher priced non food items, discretionary items. Our jewelry business has been up in the teens the past couple of quarters, the past several months. A lot of those categories, I mentioned earlier, housewares and sporting's goods and modern garden are all up in the 10 to 25% range. Actually on a high water mark basis over two years, net positive. So again, frequency brings it down a little bit. We're finally seeing some strength bring it up a little bit but we still are, as Jim would say, operate in a healthy state of paranoia because the economy's a little scary but clearly we're getting more than our share.
Richard Galanti: I think it will be a few years. The way I looked at it we're probably a four or five year period. If I think of it just like the three countries in Asia were we are now, then we currently have 23 warehouses between the two countries. All right and probably for five years running we've averaged between the three countries a total of three a year. This year we'll open five or six, and my guess is over the next five years it could be five or six a year. I hope maybe six, or seven or eight but let's say five or six years. That's a dramatic increase in rate of increase and it still does not get you to your 20. As we open the second or third European country over the next five years, but again as you've seen from every other new country we've operated in, in over five years we may open three to five units in total in any given country. So, we're still pretty hands on, infrastructure wise as it relates to getting them opened, again I think the first signal is we have ramped up but not to 20 a year but we're ramped up. Let's see how the next two or three years go.
Richard Galanti: Well a; who knows but in the five increases in 25 years we've never, I think we've budgeted as much as 1.5 or 2% of attrition and I don't think we've ever exceeded one even so it's really never been an issue. As you know, nine years ago and five and a half years ago or five years ago we did, when the original executives started at 100, we were at 40. And then we went to 45 and we've kept the 100 and then went to 50 and kept the 100 to 100. The theory being is to get more people to convert and that's happened. I don't know if and when we look at increasing the base fee, what we do with the other fee. It really, I'm not trying to be coy or cute but we'll let you know when we figure it out some point. But as it relates to your question of attrition, we don't lose a lot of sleep about that quite frankly.
Richard Galanti: Well, there's a few different things. First of all TV's are fine. Cameras have been a little, certain high-end camera's I've heard have been, this issue of availability issues because of chips, or whatever components of these $1,000 or plus digital SOR cameras. The TV's, the availability is back but recognizing TV sales overall have been down a little bit for us as they have for everybody. In terms of apparel, the second thing first of all is the issue with importing from Asia. There has been some challenges with shipping, that affects all of us, not just Costco. So far we have done pretty well through that. In some cases there's been a week or two of additional lead time which the buyers have been able to build, by the way it has not affected our inventory results, our feel of control over inventory so that's not been a big issue. Probably the single biggest thing right now that's a little bit of a pain is some of the electronic toys, the Xbox Connect. We like everybody are being allocated some of the Nintendo items so we're all, it's a high quality problem to have but we're could all sell more if we had it.
Richard Galanti: Not so big right now. Again as I mentioned in Q1 the rate of increase was a shade higher than top line sales growth. It was closer to 10 and 12, than it was 15 or 17, in terms of dollar increases. So that's encouraging a little bit. We're tweaking a few things that we're allowed to tweak without impacting, losing the grandfathering of all the new requirements over the next several years. Again, I think we're finally breathing a little sigh of relief after two years of really big growth and healthcare cost exacerbated. Opening few units, having less turnover and with fewer units having less part time is up to full time hourly without having all those new items you have  less freebies in those calculations and as we ramp  up expansion that just helps.
Richard Galanti: I think the comment I made was anecdotally I remember sometime in mid '09 to improve our earnings we wouldn't do it for that reason. Historically, we're going to do it when we're ready to do it and we feel comfortable and certainly the backdrop of the economy tempers that enthusiasm, not from the standpoint of the ability to accomplish it and accomplish it with very little attrition and disloyalty but the ability to why be arrogant about it or invested about it. Let's wait and see so again as you know around here, because we, whatever the issue is, whether it's this or any issue out there that we're thinking of doing it doesn’t take us a long time once we decide to do something to do it. We haven't talked about it yet other than anecdotally and like what I just said so I'm trying to beat around the question here. The answer to the question because at this point we haven't decided what we're doing and when we find out we'll let you know.
Richard Galanti: I think, I don't have the numbers right in front of me. The units for baskets hasn't really changed dramatically other than as frequency goes up part of it is. I used to always say that the typical family member at Costco was coming in every two and a half, three weeks but each of those families were still going to the neighborhood supermarket three times a week. Well I think what's happened is that three became two and a half at our Costco in terms of more frequently. They're still going to the supermarket but they're buying more food items at Costco. They're coming in more often and buying a few less items or maybe a few or equal number of items but some of those food items so a little lower basket. So again, it's the recent relative pickup in the average basket is I think less inflation because it's really just starting and more the strength in some of the non food categories offset by more frequency.
Richard Galanti: Rob was just mentioning something. I was ruffling through my papers to find the answer. In November units were actually up a little bit. There was a little bit more than that amount in inflationary pricing which is by the way up a little bit for most of '10, the most of first half of '10, inflationary pricing included. So I think everybody's got a lot of TV's and we're seeing some strength as the price points keep coming down a little bit. That helps. It drives it a little bit but not a lot but I'm really shooting from the hip with this answer, guys. I don't have any detail in front of me other than what we're talking about in general. One of the things that has driven our TV is the coupon mailers that we do. What we call the (inaudible) mailers. Throughout a lot of this current calendar year there's been fewer of that as those inflation, there was a lot of pressure on vendors to have to provide some of that setup. We're starting to see a little bit more of that, not as good as it used to be but we expect that to improve so that factor bodes well for electronic sales in Calendar 11. But I don't know how that's offset by how many TV's everybody already has. 3D is not exactly changing the face of TV sales overnight so that's a much slower process.
Richard Galanti: I have not and I'm not sure if our buyers have either yet. It's pretty new. We had it, it can't hurt and hopefully it'll help but I'd be remiss if I tried to guess what that would be. Keep in mind, each of these departments are small percentage departments of the total company. So it helps us, it doesn't, if furniture, and cash registers, PC's and things like that, would benefit from this, it will help those departments a little bit. Office products as an example, (inaudible) for an example is about 6% of sales so probably half of that is business related, half is not. So if it impacts that a little bit that's great but it's still a small piece of the action.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think we can do better. Keep in mind, the average ticket on line is still in the high 300's for us. So and it's all discretionary, virtually all discretionary stuff. And that's by choice. We are doing a few things right now. If Jim was sitting here he would say well first and foremost we have to have the right items at the right price. And so it's all about merchandising but I think we can do a better job in several other things. I'm not promising anything other than we agree that even though nine is better than six, and six was better than a slight negative the year before, arguably a lot of that's is because of the nature of the discretionary items we sold. We think there's opportunity there and we're working on that and we really are working on that but it's not going to happen over night.
Richard Galanti: Well, fortunately capital is not a big allocation issue for us. I think in the U.K., the fact that the economy has been in the doldrums for a couple of years and there was one other unique thing that the U.K. has in our operation. To make it work for us from the beginning of time, many allocations are located and I don't know the exact formal term over there but they are not retail zoned.
Richard Galanti: And so, because of that there's a limit to how much of our sales can go to the Gold Star member. It has to go to the trade and those numbers are typically in the roughly two-thirds of the sales range. A little bit higher than our company average so we don't market a lot to Gold Star members. So structurally it's been a little different business all along but a good business. I think the fact that the economy has got hit hard the last couple of years over there has, I don't think we have canceled anything. There's also a lot of limitations and process to through. I think I used to say that we might be working four or five sites hoping that we get approved for one of them that will finally get opened three or four years from now. And so there's a harder real estate environment for us over there and the fact the economy has bee so, my guess is that five years ago if you had hey five years since which is now 21 or 22 locations there what we open in the next five years, my guess is that number is down a little bit from what we would have guessed five years earlier but we're still looking at openings and have plans to open new sites over there. I mean we've got three or four that Jim and Jeff have approved and we're working on it.
Richard Galanti: I'm guessing a little bit here, Neil but I would think that the process, Japan's more expensive but the process of getting them is easier.
