Richard Galanti: Starting with the first part of the question was, I know you don't want to comment on it. Look at the end of the day, there is lot of moving parts to it. All I can tell you is, we’ve been fortunate to have a few different buckets of monies to be able to do a lot of things starting with the credit card transition, continuing with membership fee increase, continuing with the income tax and you add a little too that some of the Sam's closings. All these things we were able to do. We feel very good about what we're doing and the other thing is, as you have all heard over the years, when costs are going up, we want to be the last to go up and when prices are going down, the costs are going down we want to be the first to go down.  When you look at some of the things that have happened where there is inflationary freight costs, those things generally are now in there, but we, we pride ourselves on holding off on some of those things. So, I can't really tell you where we will go at this other than we feel good about what we’re doing. Keep in mind also that some of this has to do with not just core on core, but some of the penetration, the sales penetration of things like low margin gas. We feel really good about where we are pricing wise and what we're doing with it and driving our business. 
Richard Galanti: Well there are two and keep in mind, given that the income tax changes were unique and don't happen every day we certainly felt the right thing to do was to allow it certainly to help our employees as well as drive our business and improve the member value. I look at how we have done it. We feel pretty good about what we’ve done and where we’re going with it, but we don't look at and let’s take a third, a, third and a third. This is just how we're doing it. And we want to, we recognize that there is a lot of things to be able to do it, and if you go back years ago, when they looked at my comment on some will fall in the bottom line, we view that as part of the process here to.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, the buy online and shop in stores is some limited high ticket small size items, where in many cases we find members would love to buy it, but didn't want to, couldn’t have it delivered to where they worked, didn’t want to leave it on their doorstep. And what we found is, which we were a little surprised by is when they do come in, a lot of them come in and shop first and then pick it up, and shop quite a bit frankly. It’s a small piece of the business. We’re not looking to have people come in and have to refrigerate stuff while and order online and then we have got to have refrigerators and freezers filled waiting for them to come. These are limited areas where we think we can drive business and provide that member service.
Richard Galanti: No, not really. Keep in mind, like a lot of companies out there, we're doing a lot of things. If you think about what we're doing with the two delivery things, there is some inefficiencies are starting it up and ramping it up and buying equipment for box making and whatever else. We're not really talking about all these little things, but there is things there. But no – when we're doing some of the things, hot buys, some of that is our vendors, and some of that is - some of the monies that we have to be able to use. As I mentioned before, I think that for every dollar that we had to use, we feel we get kind of a bigger bang for that buck than others simply because of limited targeted items.
Richard Galanti: I think, it’s really too early to tell. We clearly are getting some customers, in the case of the two day, which is dry, it covers the entire continental United States. We are picking up some members that we never had before because we are 50 to 100 miles away from the nearest physical Costco, and we're really just, and I talked in the last quarter about there has really been very limited marketing of that as we’re just getting it up and running and rolling it out. We, and it is too early to tell what impact if any it has in terms of same-day grocery. Historically, we saw in some early cases back in like the Bay area, which did not refresh by the way, you saw perhaps an existing member shop a few less times that year, but shopped several times online, in some cases there is this fill-ins and they are still coming in. The sum of the two was still better, a little better than it was before. I think we will have to have see. As you might expect, we're going to figure out how to do it. So, it is not, it benefits us in some ways, that I think we're fortunate that some traditional retailers don't have that same benefit.
Richard Galanti: Well we have to see. 21 this year is probably a few less than we had thought we will be able to get done. Some of that is couple of delays, some of it is international, it takes a little longer. Some of it is, our conviction particularly in the some of the newer countries. We want to grow people there and as you know if you look back at Japan, I think we got to 6 over in the first five years and fast forward several years, we are in the mid-to-high 20s. We got to 3 over 2.5 to 3 years, 2.5 years plus in Australia. So, I think you will see those numbers go up. If I had to guess and it is an honest educated guess, somewhere in the mid-20s over the next 5 years, probably a couple of year in business centers, 2 years to 3 years, who knows.  And in terms of U.S., on the basis of 520, today in the U.S. is somewhere in the 15-ish range for the next few years and logic will say maybe it becomes a little bit, maybe it is helped a little by business centers we will have to see. We still, we keep finding and surprising ourselves as it relates to the ability to put another unit in and even getting somebody to cut their drivetime if you will to the nearest Costco from 30 minutes to 15 minutes, can be very meaningful as we have seen in places like San José and Redmond and other places. So, we will see.
Richard Galanti: Elasticity is not a word we will ever use or think about. We are merchants and we are constantly driving value. I think you’ve heard us say before, this is all about us, who's our toughest competitor it is us. And, I think there is a little sales penetration detriment in the number and that was part of that. But again, there is lots of moving parts and pieces not just core on core but other ancillary businesses and again I got to tell you, we feel pretty good about our pricing ability and our ability to drive the bottom-line through good sales and the like.
Richard Galanti: The short answer is, no. I mean, will there be some things added to the buy online and the pick of store, I'm sure there will be few other things, but it’s not like we’re saying, hey what else can we do there. We're doing a little of that because the few things that we have done have worked, but also take something simply as bulk paper goods and bulk order. It’s kind of like where is that located in warehouses? In the back, what does that make you do? It makes you go through the whole warehouse. Not unlike having the fresh foods at the supermarket in the back, as we do as well. So, I think there is lots of different ways you can skin that cap and I don't see us doing a lot of that. I'm sure it will change and increase somewhat over time.
Richard Galanti: Never say never, but it is not on the plate right now, I mean, it’s not even on the second page of the plate. So, we feel we’ve got plenty going on in terms of regular sized boxes and big sized boxes in terms of business centers, in terms of some vertical things that we're doing like in the fresh and the protein area, some more things you want on a private label, and would delivery. I mean, we have got a lot of good – in our view good things going on and pretty happy that there is plenty of regular sized box opportunities.
Richard Galanti: I cannot tell you where it'll go in the future. What I can tell you is that it is not just the tax dollars, it is the credit card, it is the mem fee increase. There is a lot of things going on out there and we have been able as freight costs have skyrocketed in the last year for everybody to hold that a little bit, absolutely. Ultimately, we have got to catch up on that and we feel comfortable holding it and catching up at some point as we have. And so, I think we feel, all I could tell you is, we feel quite comfortable as to what we're doing and how we're doing it, and that we feel very comfortable that we are our own toughest competitor and we control those about a little bit at this point. We don't know what’s going to happen in the future, but I don't think that’s changing very quickly as we come up with new things to do.
Richard Galanti: The only color we get is, it relates to tax reform dollars is what we – what you and I and others here and read in the paper. As you hear from some economists, certainly we’ve heard from some of our business partners whether it is the credit card issuers and networks or other types of third parties. And it seems like there is a little there, but it’s hard to really dictate that. We know that pricing, investing in price works, and we know that it tends to work generally very well such that even in working with suppliers and in some cases, we will partner with them to get to that do just a lower price point as it drives more volume, you know not have to take on any of that ourselves. So, there’s lots of different ways to do it, but I think that one of the things that we have commented on of course is also some of the low hanging fruit and benefits that we have because of the things we hadn't done historically. You look at the examples of appliances and look at the examples of furniture, used to be if you wanted to buy household furniture items, if you don't have a truck you will get one and call your friend because we don't deliver. That has changed anyway, but even so we're still doing very well in-store for those 8 or 10 weeks of this example, but all of a sudden, we have got 40 plus more weeks where we are doing truly incremental business in the hundreds of millions of dollars and growing. Those are the things that I think that make us additional, it’s not just price, price is in the top of our list, but beyond that there is other things that I think are benefiting us. Certainly, fresh foods and what we have done there in terms of the quality and the consistency and coming up with new items.
Richard Galanti: I think on the food and sundries side, it has picked up a little bit, and again talking to the buyers is a big chunk of that has to do with freight and I think one of the analyst reports out there and the title is called frightening changes to cost, but at the end of the day it rains on all of us and I think on the food and sundries side it was up in the 2% to 3% range and probably two-thirds of X it was more related to freight related costs.
Richard Galanti: That’s at cost. Needless to say, if there is 35%, 40% of your business, 200 or more cost basis and core or core is down four, ultimately you got to pass that on, and ultimately, we have some additional monies to be able to use towards that to be more competitive and so.
Richard Galanti: If you look back over many, many years. We have a three-year employee agreement. The last one was March 2016. So, the one important thing in there of course is where do our topics scale hourly employees move each March of 2017 and 2018 and 2019, that’s prescribed in that March 2016, new employee agreement. And so that’s prescribed, and historically we’ve always done something in top of scale. I don't see that changing. We have once or twice moved the bottom of the scale up. We will see where tomorrow brings, this probably won't be the last time, particularly and so we will have to see, but we, I don't, we really looked at it independently of that, ultimately if you're going to do something and if you're doing something now, it doesn't mean you're not going to do something on top of that next time and again I am not trying to be coy. I expect whatever most people are going to do we're going to do a little more.
Richard Galanti: You know, I honestly believe while there has been some, I think all companies, not just in retail tend to, I am sure many companies feel that one there is a desire to use some of this to help employees to share that wealth if you will, to drive their business. I don't think it has been life changing for any company, and since that, one of the questions we were asked right after the announcement that we said that on an annualized basis next year, if you do simple map roughly 7 percentage points of our effective rate from the 35-ish to the 28-ish on you take the pretax dollars it is some low $300 million after tax benefit.  And somebody asked a question about does that mean you might do a special dividend? Well our special dividends, the three that we’ve ever done are the $2 billion to $3 billion cost range. So, this really doesn't change anything there. We’re already generating cash flow to do other things, and maybe we are in the higher quartile then we will position financially, but I think overall [indiscernible] from what I have read does it help the consumer? Sure, it helps the consumer. Some of the consumers as employees are benefiting from it and all that is good. Certainly, competition in general is benefiting consumers in terms of pricing. We are fortunate that pricing mode continues to widen to our benefit.
Richard Galanti: I'm sorry. The other thing is as we have said that you are aware of, in international we tend to do outsized number of signups. Again, there has been as many as right now. Lastly, I mean we have done, I think in the past three or four many social group on type activities and they were quite well, so well that we don't want everybody to get used to it, so we don’t do that often. We actually just started one yesterday for a two-week period, and so that will help a little bit this quarter as we are opening 13 or whatever number of new units, as we are opening a couple more international ones. So, all those things, when we look at, one of the questions we have been asked in the last couple of quarters was membership, new membership growth has slowed a little bit. When you look at existing warehouses net of cannibalization take out all the cannibalized units that where new and the ones that those new ones cannibalize in those markets. We are still seeing a number in terms of member growth per warehouse in the high threes, mid-to-high threes I believe, 3.7, 3.8. I think it was 4 six months ago. That certainly gives us comfort and we feel it should give you. In terms of executive, I think on a weekly basis forever it seemed like it was like 20,000 a week, 22,000 a week, I think there are a couple of quarters where it was in the mid-teens or maybe in the low double digits. So, it has come back from that to 2019. In terms of, some of that is ultimately you do saturate a little bit, but part of it also, in terms of new countries, we currently operate in U.S., Canada, UK and Mexico, and I think if you just looked at simply how many units we have in each of those markets, certainly Mexico and U.S. is not an issue. We are in the low-to-mid-30s in the UK, and in low-to-mid-30s in the Mexico. And part of that is you need kind of a critical base because of the services that you offer that also is not just a 2% reward, it is the services you offer for it. I would guess that you will see in other countries, and that will help a little bit in terms of driving that, but probably more will come from us driving the value of it. We have seen some improvement when people realized that, if I sign up for the Executive Member Card and I sign up for the co-brand Citi Visa Card that’s not only the 2% from Costco, but the 2% from – on the average or whatever it is from Citi Visa and if I buy a TV that way it is a four-year warranty not a two-year warranty. So, all those things get people, the card business, I mean last year we represented over 0.5 million new car sales and if you were an executive member in some of those marketing items, you got a cash card that was a few hundred dollars more than if you were a Gold Star member. Rest assured that there were people that converted for that reason and once they did, they start to look at the other benefits of it. So, all those things help. We do a better job when you sign up of getting you to sign up as an executive as best as we can.
Richard Galanti: I think, they have. I mean, on a general picture, if you look at just the traditional grocery industry, there's more competition generally out there and have others come down in certain pricing, I think, a little. Have we come down more, yes. This is an old statistic, but I remember looking at traditional grocery markups and recognizing there's been some product additions that are higher-margin items, especially items of supermarket industry over time. But over 20 years, this goes back a few years ago, so five years ago and 25 years ago or whatever, it seemed like generally speaking, the grocery industry was going from markups that had been in the very high teens or low-20s to the mid and high-20s. And the big home improvement companies had gone from the high-20s to the mid-30s in what is our gross margin and our markup has done, it has gone up from 10 to 12. And in fact, it has gone up from 10 to 12, despite the fact – and some of that is not quite right. Some of that is some higher-margin businesses like travel, which has very little cost of sales, or some of the ancillary businesses like pharmacy and optical that have very little cost of sales. So relatively speaking. Cost of sales got higher markup to cover the cost of pharmacists and optometrists or what have you. So, I think, with all said and done, in our view, just looking at the pricing gap, we've done stronger. And I think we get a little more kick out of a dollar used in certain ways than perhaps others that we're fortunate in that regard.
Richard Galanti: Yes. I think at the store level in Spain, we’re there – we’re pretty much there or very close. And mind you, we charge, we own many of these locations around the world. We own 80% - around 80% of our locations. We charge a higher than current market rent factor internally just to have everything and look at all warehouses on the same schedule and I’m talking about after that imputed rent factor as well. But on a store contribution level, yes. France is brand-new. Iceland is a unique brand-new in the last couple of years. Iceland is unique, because it's just been a great market for us. So, it's done better than planned. The others are pretty much of an implant. We – if I go back, again, number of years ago, our original budget in Japan is 20 years ago was open five units and five years and we break-even or start profitability towards the end of your five or early six. We ended up opening six, and I think we were profitable near the end of – right before the end of year four. These are rough numbers. But at the end of the day that includes the cost of a central operation that's not going to grow as you go from two units to 10 units in a market, it's going to grow a lot less than five-fold. And the pre-opening cost of a new unit and then the fact that you're also building your business. We start with a slow volume building as expected in some new countries, not all new countries. You’re pricing your fresh foods as if you're doing a lot more business and you know, you're going to have some cases very low or negative gross margin sometimes of those. So, I think the timeline we're patient. We're also not going into any market and trying to get 10 or 20 openings in one year or two years. And so, it's – I think, we've done a decent job of balancing that process.
Richard Galanti: Somebody, call him. Hold on, we’re having problem with some third-party here. But Chuck why don’t you go because my guess is everybody else could hear us.
Richard Galanti: I think Dan Binder was the first one that did not - Dan Binder is the first one that you couldn’t hear, but we could hear. So, can we go back to him.
Richard Galanti: We didn’t – margins in terms of dollars, margins were down and we made it up in volume. And so, profitability was pretty even year-over-year.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think, a general comment would be as is, what – whatever input – cost input item is inflationary we’re going to hold off longer than others, but ultimately, you’ve got to do it. And we like any other retailer would push back to the vendor and try to figure out smarter ways to do things. And – but overall, I – it’s a small delay. Don't – we're noble, but we're not crazy, so.
Richard Galanti: I think you’ll see that generally. I mean, if costs are up 2% to 3% input cost on the food and sundries side, a big chunk of that is freight related. Ultimately, that's going to compel. Now some of that will also compel to private label in some cases. In our case, we generally see this as a positive because we can be a little tougher on pricing in terms of being – and being more competitive.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, this stuff is profitable. It's small, it's growing nicely. But it's – we have capacity within our business centers, which we already set up to do buy online and actually deliver this way. It's just you had to buy some box-making machinery. And the good news for us is that, we feel that, A, there yes. Ultimately, God willing, we'll have to build new facilities or additional facilities for this. Just like when we started, we had one e-commerce fulfillment facility in Mira Loma that covered the whole country years ago. And so, yes, there’s a trade off. But I think that, A, we feel very good about how we’re doing it that we can be profitable almost from the start other than things we’re doing to invest and driving the business and marketing it and things, and it will be fine. Again, I think, we’re fortunate in that regard with so few items, it’s lot easier to do these things.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, if we go back to – just to clarify one thing. If we go back to – it was Q2 of last year when there was a little disappointing and a lot of it had to do with is the stuff that we did to change the MVM and take some items and test with vendors everyday low pricing or – and some greater values, but still be at the table in the MVM, maybe a few hot picks as well. And more of the offset to that that we didn’t anticipate on a negative standpoint was fewer MVM days. So, if you went down, I think, it was the four week reporting month of February of 2017, 28 days. We had eight less MVM days. The MVM items themselves did as expected more lift, more value to the member and less gross margin per item, but more gross margins dollars to us. So that work nice. But by having those significantly fewer days of having something that is a promotional thing that gets member in the door and we change that. It took us two months to change that and since then it’s been fine and, of course, it's gotten better than that since then. I don’t think there’s any magic. If there were an exact formula that we knew, we would tell anybody. But at the end of the day, we keep trying different things with different vendors and see what works and doesn’t. I think, we have kind of settled on a mix that it includes all of the above and we’ll keep them trying to figure out how to drive that in different ways. So again, I don’t see there’s a big shift. The shift was over a couple of years perhaps leading up to a February of 2018 or the late calendar 2016, there was over 20 years some of the stuff gets – some of the sales lifts of an item gets a less people waiting for that regular thing every twice a year for three weeks waiting. And so, a, the values have to be greater to drive more lift and, b, we got to shake it up a little bit. And I think it’s – the good news is work with vendors. We’re not just forcing vendors to try something, try one thing versus another. We’re working with our vendors hopefully that do well for both of us and even partner with them when there's a little indigestion on how much additional savings. And so we can show them the type of unit lift that will be – that will generate and sometimes that works and sometimes it doesn’t [Technical Difficulty] were a couple or three Sam's closing in the existing Sam's market. So they were just adding a lot of those sales to other units they already had. Our view was as we get 10% to 20% of it and we have of what we guess their sales would be. Some of it is not our member. Some of it is – we're too far away from that member, maybe that was on the other – it was 10 miles from the other side of the existing Sam's Club and we’re 10 miles, the other way is now 20 miles just too far. In some cases, the business went to another existing Sam's in the market. We definitely saw some benefit in the membership, number of members. Again, not huge, but certainly helps and…
Richard Galanti: We opened outside of Chicago in March, Illinois, a second meat plant, basically a sister plant, if you will, in the one in Tracy, California that we had forever. And the good news there is the Tracy one along with the added capacity at the hotdog plant at the same property location were at capacity basically and we pushed that over.
Richard Galanti: Well, look, I think, A, it's not unlike in warehouse. The exception is, of course, online. We want to be a little resistant to just climbing, because it's virtually easy, because it still has cost. We've added velocity items. We've added sundries and some shelf-stable items to delivery, that's another avenue as well. I think, it will ebb and flow. Don't expect any great change to what you're seeing now other than a constant evolution of that. The other thing is, in some cases, there’s products and vendors that will sell us online that weren't prepared to sell certain things in store. And sometimes, you'll have to be a member to get to the price online at Costco, which is fine. Our member understands that and they’re going to to and see it.
Richard Galanti: Unfortunately, our head merchant is traveling to an opening today in California or is that an opening day in California. I’m not sure and in my mind, Kirkland Signature is it to the extent there's a brand called Charisma, but it's not our brand. I know it’s not – the way it’s not our brand. Now maybe it’s a brand it’s not as well noticed as others, but that’s not our brand. Kirkland Signature is the only brand you can see in Costco.
Richard Galanti: As it relates to how much, what I guess it’s Kirkland Signature label but excluding that, which is 10%-plus of our sales. It’s about 25% - 24% plus of our sales, where we wanted to go, I don’t know where we wanted to go. We’ll increase, yes. Years ago, I said, well, you’ll never see it on this and then now it’s on that. But at the end of the day, we still want brands and we still cover it and our members certainly value brands as well. In our view, it enhances our brand value. But there’s a 24, it keeps increasing to the 25 and 26, and 27, I’m sure it will, but I can't tell you how long that will take.
Richard Galanti: There weren’t a lot of weather related comments eventually hold on we're still looking, real quick. It really wasn't that impactful to us.
Richard Galanti: Yes, we really don’t go into that level of detail. Generally speaking with gas prices go up we will make a little less margin, when they go down we make more margin, happy that they went down yesterday a little bit. But at the end of the day, it’s been a good business for us in its own right as well as driving business into our warehouses. It's about 10% to 12% of our business. And I think that the thing that we like to see is, when you have total U.S. gallon gas consumption as a country everywhere be up in the very, very low single digits, our gallon increases are in the very, very high single digits or very, very low double-digits. And so that’s meaningful that means that more people are coming into our place and with about half of them come into shop, you don’t need more than one or two of those 50 out of every 100 to be somewhere, but incremental shop to be meaningful to our company on an ongoing basis. Aside from the business itself having a little strong [indiscernible] based on the volatility sometime day-to-day and week-to-week, but profitably, but overall it’s been a good business in its own right.
Richard Galanti: Thank you. We’re all around guys and feel free to call with any additional questions, we’ll be here tomorrow as well. Thank you.
