Richard A. Galanti: Well, certainly Fresh Foods. I mean again, I hear anecdotal items all the time, including last week's budget meeting from our Fresh Foods people, and they give examples of anywhere from 5% to 8% on many meat, pork and poultry items. In produce, you see it all over the board because it's not only the economy, it's demand from overseas, as well as crops, what happens with the weather. And across non-food categories, while we did see -- actually, I'm thinking November, on the call, we mentioned that in electronics and TVs, first time in as many months as I can remember, we actually saw the average selling price for TV go up a little bit versus down. A lot of that has to do with the fact that the TVs yet again are getting better, crisper and cheaper. So people are upgrading, perhaps spending more for TV but getting a large television with more clarity or whatever it is these days. And so -- but across many categories, of course, jewelries continue to be inflationary. Now again, the thing I want to differentiate between is just when we talk about inflation, it's year-over-year. In the last 3 months, we actually again have seen less than 20 basis points delta in the LIFO index year-over-year. As I looked, these are just some samples, and these are inflationary items in just the last 3 months. Again, these are anecdotal. But I look across things like -- blueberries are 60% up. I assume the blueberry crop was very good this year. Grapes were up 20%. Prawns were up 12%. I'm just looking down the list here. Other types of blueberries were up only 12%. And then I look on the deflationary items -- yes, peanut butter is quite a bit up. On the deflationary side, gas is actually slightly down in the month. Although that -- I'm sorry, in the month compared -- not compared to a year ago, compared to the beginning of this fiscal year. Various electronics items might be down on an exact item 10% to 25%. But again, the average selling price on some items have gone up as I mentioned. Butter was down 10% to 15%. So again, it's a mixed bag. When you ask -- when I ask the buyers -- if I asked them 2 or 3 months ago, aside from there's been a little bit of lessening of continued inflation as compared to the previous month, when do you see prices coming down a little bit? And the kind of the pad answer from 3 to 6 months -- from 2 or 3 months ago about looking forward 6 months was in 3 to 6 months. If you ask them today or last week, it's in 3 to 6 months. So I don't think we know completely with that regard. But the feeling is that prices have perhaps flattened down a little bit more of late, but still inflationary compared to a year ago.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, there's 100 different reasons, honestly, including different countries, including the ancillary businesses, some of which work on significantly more margins because we look at it as a margin of the item on the selling floor, which includes direct labor and supplies in the optometry and the pharmacy and things of that sort. So we -- I can tell you Sam's is ever competitive, and I think they would say the same about us. We do not view this as really competitive-related. It's more us-related, frankly. And in terms of will it sustain itself, we'll see. I'm not trying to be cute about it, but it's by no means all of the reason, whatever somebody thought it was going to be and what it was. But it's certainly a component of it.
Richard A. Galanti: Well if it goes like we hope it goes, it'll be positive. But that's -- tomorrow could be another day. We'll see. I mean as we've shared with you, one of the reasons that we have increased the proportion of locations overseas is because we're doing well. And we've had great returns so far in Asia, and 3 of our best openings ever were in Australia. And so we're excited about that. But what moves the needle of course, short-term, is the existing results on the whatever 500-plus out of our 600 units that are in the U.S. and Canada. But the answer -- the simple answer is yes.
Richard A. Galanti: In terms of where we're sharp, we're always going to be sharpest on items that are those high visibility consumer items, whether it's milk or ground beef and steaks or Advil or Tide, those key competitive items where $0.50 or a $1 makes a big difference in some of these items because it's a wow. As well, given the season, it was across many items in non-foods. Again if we could take, and I'm not going to give you a specific example, but if we can take an item that -- and I'm making this up, but retails for $179 or $189 and we're normally $139 and we can go to whether it's $119, that's huge. And because it's -- the savings versus traditional retail is that much greater. And many times it works, and sometimes it doesn't in terms of driving sales. But overall, each buyer in each department looked at different things that they felt would be high-impact items. And again, I don't want to overemphasize this whole aspect because it's different. We were talking about this yesterday. It's different than late '08 when we said, "Hey, the economy is in crisis, and this is all new to us." And the market was down 30% or 40%. And people had house values are going down. And we wanted to do something to drive sales specifically on a handful -- in a big way, on a handful of very high volume items. This is more across the board, the general feeling. But there are clearly ways for us to get margin. And it's a balancing act, and we felt we did what was right for our customer and for our business in terms of continuing to drive sales. When we look across categories, again if I look at the $966,000 per warehouse, just dividing the increase in inventory divided by a number of warehouses at quarter end, again you've got to figure roughly 1/2 of it is inflationary. But there's no sub department that is more -- and then listen, there's about 25 sub departments, 27 sub departments. There's no sub department that's more -- that even has 3 digits in it. So it really is across the board. Certainly, the biggest ones on list would be as you'd expect, as I mentioned, jewelry and electrics.
Richard A. Galanti: I think yes, yes, yes and no, no, no. I mean, it's -- I don't -- again, I wanted to try to explain why some of the margin is down a little bit. We don't view it -- it's something that we look at every day and every week. Certainly, as Jim and how Craig has said constantly we are, first and foremost, a top line company that drive sales. And we think we are investing in the future. I don't know if it's another quarter or 1/2 quarter or 2 years. We'll let you know each quarter. And I'm not trying to be coy but, as you know, we don't give specific direction.
Richard A. Galanti: Okay. Let me just pull my notes out here a little bit. Well in terms -- I mean, what's -- in terms of what's working and what's not working, it's really -- I got to tell you over the last 6 and 8 months, it seems like it's been the same thing. Certainly food is strong -- Fresh Foods is strong. Certainly, jewelry is strong in part because of inflation. Significant inflation on some of those items. Across many of the non-foods mid-ticket items we've seen relative strength, but not as -- not on -- that we've mentioned a couple of each month, whether it's housewares or small electrics and things like that. Within electronics, if I look at the last couple of months and quarters, again it was slightly -- I believe in November, electronics was slightly up year-over-year as a percent. And for the quarter, I think it was slightly down. So the trend during the last 3 months was up a little bit. And of course, a lot of that has to do with TVs, which we mentioned, I think, in the call was up in the high to mid single digits in dollars in the past month. And so it continually amazes me that -- and I think in the 4 weeks of September, we sold just a shade under 300,000 televisions, which is a mind-boggling number. So it really is across the board. Now within the other one you mentioned, Softlines, let me just look real quick.
Richard A. Galanti: Jewelry and apparel. But in terms of it, I think, trending down, I don't think -- I know men's and women's apparel tend to fluctuate up and down based on what we're getting in. And I don't have the other detail on that in front of me here. Let me see that. In November, I'm just looking here. Again, the ones we mentioned were hardware -- I'm sorry, and Softlines. Small appliances was strong. Women's apparel was double digits. Men's apparel was mid single. No real -- nothing that stands out there, Adrianne.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I would agree with your comment of proactive as compared to reactive. Who is our toughest competitor? Clearly, Jim and Craig. But outside of Jim and Craig, it's -- Sam's is our most direct competitor more so than BJ's in terms of intensity. Although BJ's has gotten stronger than they have been. But I think I mentioned as long as a year ago, there seem to be a period of time for a couple of years where we less and less see to price shop them a lot. We are now over the last year. So BJ's got a little tougher, but we feel very strongly that again, we're being proactive in this and not -- there's not this, "Oh no, there's something new happening out there." But Sam's has always been tough, and we are pretty tough ourselves. So I don't -- I'm not trying to sound arrogant about it, but again, we aren't seeing a lot. The -- outside of that, certainly we recognize that in some categories like media, the Internet is changing that landscape. And you see that in our warehouses. We've -- over the last year, we've reduced a little bit of square footage of things like CDs and DVDs and to a lesser extent, books, because there are still plenty of people that want to buy physical books. And we've done other things. In the 1-Hour Photo, you -- there's a lot of very cool things that we do with prints on canvas and photo books and things like that -- that's actually driving that business with a plus sign in front of it. So we -- but in terms of competition, for those of you who noticed for a lot of years, it's the same things. When our numbers are good, we scrutinize them more. We have -- you've seen that our strength in some of our overseas items and our overseas locations like Asia, like Mexico, like Canada, which is, of course, segmented out and shows a higher margin, we want to make sure that we're competitive, not just because there's a competitor across the street, but because we want to be strong up there. So we are cognizant of the economy and our strength, and we want to make sure that that's going to continue.
Richard A. Galanti: Well I think if you look at last year, I think we did about 6 something, $640 million. I don't have it in front of me. And I think in the fourth quarter, it was annualized closer to $1 billion, $950 million, let's say. If you take the 12 weeks that we spent -- where we spent $173 million, that is roughly about $750 million. So that's a little bit down than the annualized figure in Q4. But as we've told everybody, we are an ongoing buyer as long as we feel that the outlook continues and we do, not just for us, but for the crazy world that we live in. And so we have, essentially, a daily buyer. We tend to do that in a matrix format that if the stock is going up, we're buying a little less a day. If it's going down, we're buying a little more, recognizing we don't -- we can't predict exactly. And certainly there was a lot of strength during the quarter. So there were days when we're buying on an annualized basis. I mean, if you just do simple math, if you're buying 25,000 shares a day, that's about $0.5 billion a year. If you buy 50,000 a day, that's about $1 billion a year. And when people have talked about where do I put my model for the next 5 years and says, "A, we don't know." But certainly, that $1 billion number a year is a starting point. Is it a little less than that? It could be. Could be a little more, sure.
Richard A. Galanti: Well first of all, the $17 million, I think the total was about $19 million, a little under $2 million was booked in Q4, small enough that we didn't even talk about it. And -- but on that money, it's probably priced more than we wanted to spend to start with than we thought we would spend. But as we go forward, once you're into it, you do it. Generally speaking, in states where we sell spirits, it's about 2% of sales. And I don't have the exact amount of sales, but it will be a decent return on even that larger investment. But we -- keep in mind, we do it more because of the principle that our mission is to sell merchandise to our members at the lowest price. And you can see even with higher taxes on the spirits in Washington, we believe that our members are going to be able to buy spirits at lower price. And that's what we do for a living.
Richard A. Galanti: Well as you know, historically, in terms of the latter part of that question, profitability is -- generally is better when prices are going down and worse when they're going up. Although in the last year, both of those extremes have come in to the center a little bit more. So even when it's going up a little, we're making a little more than we used to. And then when it's going down a little, we're making a lot more but a little less than we used to. In terms of comp gallons, if I look at comp gallons over the last year, generally, a 10-plus range. I think in the most recent month or recent quarter, it was 6%. So still a positive.
Richard A. Galanti: Well I mean, I think we, again, began this fall Christmas holiday season aggressive in terms of merchandising and -- but still scared about the world and the economy and the purchasing power. Again, I think we've generally done better than the consumer confidence indices would suggest. But we're still not thrilled. We'd like it to be better. Overall, again I think -- I can't tell you what is beyond November. But through November, we were pretty pleased with the numbers.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes, right. In terms of trading up and down, we probably don't see as much of that as other types of retail, whether it's lower end discounters or general discounters and others, partly because we don't allow us to do it. I mean, we try not to trade down merchandise in terms of what we're presenting. We're still trying to upsize up-quality merchandise. Certainly, nothing like we saw after late '08. In the first half of '09, I remember we saw trading down in patio furniture and trading down in some of the meat items and things like that. We're not seeing any of that right now. In terms of increasing penetration of private label, again that's more evolutionary than revolutionary right now. I would say in the first 6 months of '09, it was more revolutionary. I think anecdotally I mentioned back then, and again, that was right after the financial crisis of late '08, in the first 6 months of '09, we saw up to 300-basis-point increase in sales penetration of private label in the Food and Sundries side of our business, which is 60% of our business. And that's unprecedented. Normally in a given year, you might see 50- to 100-basis-point improvement as we add items and so forth. So I'd say it's more the evolutionary path right now. But we keep coming out with new stuff and that we will expect to see that grow. When Jim has been asked in the past, recent past about that, if it's currently -- this private label is currently in the low 20s, kind of our goal over the next however many years, not 2 or 3, but not 10 or 12, we'd like to see it in the low 30s. But that's going to take time.
Richard A. Galanti: Oh yes, Asia. Look, we're doing more than we did a year ago, and that was more than we did 2 years ago. Yes, I think the 49 number you look at, Japan goes back to when we had like 5 units in Japan instead of the 12 weeks we'll have by the end of this week. But 11 we'll have by the end of this week. And what was -- and I think the 49 was based on -- I think I remember saying back then, who knows what that is going to be. If we continue to be successful, certainly -- and how do we give 49 instead of 50, I'll never know. But at the end of the day, if you look at the -- both the population and the retail economy of Japan compared to Canada where we have 85 units or so, it could be a lot more than 49. But right now, opening for this year is a lot more than 1 or 2. And we've got more in the pipeline, so we'll just keep going north. But I can't predict what it will ultimately be. I know in Taiwan and Korea, if you go back 5 years ago on those kind of template and slides, where will it be, what's the potential of the market, I think in each of those countries, we had 5 to 7 units. And we said one day we might have 15. More recently, in the last year I've seen that slide that says a potential 25 each. So again, the number is increasing. It's still going to be slow. It's not like we're going to see us open 20 units in year 3, hence, from now.
Richard A. Galanti: No. And that has really been -- it's been a non-issue so far, recognizing -- the big question is, is what are renewers going to do, not what a new person coming in the store -- the warehouse is going to do starting November 1. But even when it was originally announced in the press release, I mean -- and talking to our Head of Marketing and Membership yesterday, he basically indicated that it's in the low -- very, very low hundreds of even comments in blogs, in Twitters and Facebook things. So -- and 90% of them are positive. Anecdotally, like are you kidding? I say that every week when I get gas, are you kidding? I say that every week when I get flowers. So I think our members are our best defenders of the fact that it's not been an issue. We'll have to -- we'll give you more color on that in a couple -- in a quarter and 2 quarters from now when we've got 3 and 6 months of renewers under our belt.
Richard A. Galanti: I was more on Hardlines and Softlines. But yes, and I don't think -- I don't know off the top of my head. I haven't looked at the sub detail, Greg.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, a lot of it was not just seasonal. I mean, it was seasonal fall as well. I mean, we -- if you recall, even in Q4 year-over-year, kind of the core was up only 2-basis-point net of gas inflation, which was less than it was in Q3 -- in Q3 and Q2 going back year-over-year, it was much more positive. So I think it's trended a little bit. I don't -- I wouldn't suggest that the last month was much more of an impact than the first month, other than sales penetration of the last month but not in terms of percentages, maybe a little but not much. I don't have all the color on that in front of me.
Richard A. Galanti: We finally anniversaried the sales hit to that, so that's a small help going forward. I want to see -- probably -- a big chunk of our Apple sales were iTunes charge, which had a decent margin. Probably on the iPod, it was a little lower than the average margin, but not meaningful, not a meaningful delta to affect our numbers.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes, healthcare is still -- the dollars are still rising in the high singles, which is a little better than the low doubles in terms of dollars. Workers' comp has turned the other way a little bit, so it's hurting us a little more, although workers' comp in aggregate dollars is not nearly as big as all of healthcare. But, again, the core SG&A, the payroll was good. I would hope and expect that to continue. I mean, one of the emphasis is -- emphasize -- one of the things that we emphasize in the last couple of quarters is overtime. And as wonderful as we think we are sometimes in terms of efficiency of operations by just focusing on it and the warehouses, we've cut thousands of hours of overtime. And so time and a half is a lot more expensive than time. And -- so, again, that's a piece of it. But I think again, nothing does more for you than a tough economy to make you focus on it. So I don't know if it's going to get -- if the inflection points or the threshold points based on sales comps has come down. Well, I think it's come down compared to a few years ago. And I think we've got further to go. As you know or as I mentioned to many of you, probably 30-plus of Craig's 40-plus years in retail had been in operations. Clearly, he is focused on that. And of course, he has a great merchant in Doug and the people under Doug on the merchandising side. So to worry about more merchandising things. But I think Craig is very focused on the operations side of our business and driving costs. And that being said, it isn't easy. And, again, we're -- I think if you look over the last 8 quarters of what we've said, generally it's been towards payrolls trickled in a little bit better and probably a little bit better and better than the last couple of quarters.
Richard A. Galanti: Well no, I mean our traffic remains at 4%. It's almost scary to us because we keep saying when it's going to subside a little bit. It's just month after month we're doing pretty well. As I mentioned, the [indiscernible] comp in Q1 was 6%. I don't have Q4 in front of me. I don't have the exact number. I'd bet you it was 8% to 11%. I don't remember. It's probably 10%. So yes, it's come down a little. But the overall frequency -- and when we talk about that frequency number, that's front end frequency, not gas. So we got more people coming in to get gas. A fraction of those people are coming into the warehouse.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, that's exactly what happens. So what happens is any company in any country, if they hold foreign currency, they have to market to market at the end of the fiscal period. So in Mexico, our strategy from time beginning or for many years has been, not exactly, but to hold about 1/2 of their excess cash in dollars. And that has basically been agreed to by the shareholders of Costco Mexico. Us 1/2 of that and Commercial Mexicano 1/2 of that, recognizing that the peso historically has been weaker. And recognizing further that we end up buying a lot of U.S. goods. But that's not to do with managing payables each month, but that has to do with an ongoing basis. We buy U.S -- we buy goods that are payable in U.S. dollars. So when Costco Mexico, I think at year end in dollars not how many dollars they held, but if you converted their entire cash into dollars, it was around $300 million. So let's say -- and these are not exact numbers but let's say half of that was being held in U.S. dollars, that'd be $150 million during Q1 the peso weakened quite a bit. I don't have the exact number, but it was 10% on 150. There's $15 million. And now by the way, that has hit us and hurt us last year in the same fiscal quarter -- in Q1 of '11, we had a $3 million hit. Now we didn't talk about it because there's $3 million and that it's noise, because there's lots of things in our P&L to go positive and negative. The other thing that makes this line item stand out more than ever before, it was fiscal '11 when we started to consolidate Mexico into our numbers rather than just having half of Mexico's income on this line. So it's still a little convoluted, but again this bigger volatility could easily have been the other way if the peso strengthened. Now I hope that I don't have to in the future every quarter talk about another line item here but because it was so such big amount, if I look at the last 4 fiscal quarters, just this particular item, it was again about $9 million of -- I'm sorry about $11 million in Q1 '12 to the positive. But again -- I'm sorry about $9 million in Q1 '12 to the positive. Again -- I'm sorry about $11 million in Q1 positive, it was in Q4, it was not that big of a positive. In Q3, it was a $4 million loss. And in Q2, it was a $2 million loss. So again historically we haven't talked about it, but this was the biggest it's ever been and really stood out.
Richard A. Galanti: Right. Because Costco Mexico's P&L is recorded to have a gain based on its dollar holdings. After that gain is ours. Kind of silly...
Richard A. Galanti: Right. If you look at it again, none of us know exactly what it's going to go, but if you look at what's happened generally there's been a couple of big jumps in the peso weakening versus the dollar on a long term basis. And so by doing this, it's been a little better with the benefit, but certainly not something you can count on.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes, it was up 9% in the quarter. I think that's down from the low double-digits in last year in the fourth quarter. The only other big news there is that we are looking -- we are in the process of re-platforming costco.com. That will happen in the -- towards this, probably sometime in the second calendar quarter of next year. As I've shared with people as they've asked, right now our.com site, the search engines can't search on it. So if you just punch in Kirkland Signature into Google, you're going to be a ways down before you see costco.com. So there's some simple things that we're doing there. And of course, we're looking to expand .com overseas, but that will be not next Thursday, that will be over the next 2 to 3 years.
Richard A. Galanti: No. Keep in mind, we've taken a relatively slower approach to .com. I mean we don't do a lot of marketing for it. We sell a lot of big-ticket items. We have less than 37 or 800 items on there. And I think again one of the big things is, is since search engines can't search, you punch in television or something else costco.com doesn't come up. You punch in Kirkland Signature and the first thing -- I'm not going to tell you all to go do it now, but the first thing it does -- and costco.com doesn't come up. And that's because we have an old system that we -- starting about 8 months ago began the process of adjusting to re-platform it.
Richard A. Galanti: I don't think it was a great aha moment around here. It was more we've had good numbers, particularly doing well in overseas countries. And as I've said many times over the years, Jim has been toughest when we're doing well, and that's a good thing. It keeps us reminded that we got to where we are because we're tough on pricing, and let's make sure we continue to do that. So again, I'm trying to walk the line between not -- we don't view it as big of an issue other than it's certainly part of the issue and I felt obligated to let you know that certainly part of the margin issue is it. But it's not giant mind set change in terms of what we want to do.
Richard A. Galanti: There are several things we're looking at. But again, I don't want to over emphasize that because keep in mind its 2% -- 2% or 3% -- 2.5% of our business, and our goal is to get you in the store with the giant chickens, and the gasoline and everything else. And great giant chickens, I might add. We have great merchants out there doing that. We recognize that this is a very profitable business, as a percent of sales it's more profitable than our whole company overall. But we also want to stick to some of our disciplines. We recognize we continue to change a little bit, and we'll continue to do that. But we don't want to go crazy and say oh my God, I do believe that some of the promotional stuff and free shipping stuff, which is catching everybody's attention. That hasn't helped us for sure. But I don't see us going to a free shipping route. Certainly that has not really been talked about. Other than how do we communicate to our members. We feel very open and honest about communicating what our all-in price is. If we keep having great value and time and again we have great value relative to all the other guys out there, we'll continue to drive that business. And if it starts heading the other way, we'll figure out what we need to do to change that. But we don't really see that other than certainly there's been a lot more cyber promotions out there right now that we're not prepared to do.
Richard A. Galanti: I'd love to give you my thoughts, but I can't really guide you there. In terms of just looking at inflation versus deflation in gas, that's the $64,000 question. In Q1 a year ago, as I mentioned, the average selling price was 279. In Q2, the average selling price a year ago was 301. In Q3, it is 363, and it was also 363 by coincidence in Q4. It actually went down a few cents in September. 358, 348 in October and 344 in November. So it actually is ever so slightly deflationary but compared to Q2, of the price in November at 344, and the price in Q2 last year at 301, so that's a 13% or 14% increase, not a 26% increase. So it will be less of an impact. And all things being equal, it will finally pencil up, who knows? Yes, but there's a change in the back half of this year will be very little impact.
Richard A. Galanti: When we look at that compared to our budget, we feel great. I mean everything's -- we're signing up new members even in the U.S., net new members, which is a positive given as a percent of -- openings as a percent of total U.S. openings. We're seeing our renewal rates strengthen a little bit in the U.S. and only going down overseas simply because you got a lot new units that have lower first year renewal rates. And so assuming those trends continue, I think we feel very good about it.
Richard A. Galanti: I'll let you know when we get there. Yes, certainly traditionally those are the kinds of things we do, but we're not going to go crazy. Certainly opening more units overseas helps your comps a little bit. Because they're starting off at a higher rate, or helps your sales growth a little bit, not your comp necessarily. But as Jim mentioned to us at the budget meeting last month, I think it was last month. They said, "Guys, it's no secret that this is what we do for living. But I don't want -- I'm trying again to explain Q1, but not get people concerned that there's this big sea change out there. Because there's not."
Richard A. Galanti: No. And we want to -- we had to recognize that the Internet is different than brick-and-mortar. We also can't be too alarmist about what's going on out there. We're going to -- we are doing a few more MVM, multi-vendor mailers, there's some more couponing for just costco.com. Other than that, I don't think we're doing a whole lot more.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, private label is up slightly. Generally speaking and looking at the past few years, private label penetration has been up from 50 to 100 basis points year-over-year. Probably in a given quarter, you're not going to see that much of a dramatic change other than we're adding new items. The same thing with margins, the difference between the brands and the private label margin could be as much as 6 or 800 basis points, and as little as 1 or 200 basis points, on an item by basis. A lot of times -- I used the example years ago when we went to a private label diaper because diapers are an item that is retail football-ed all the time. It was an item that our realized gross margin across the country on $300 million of branded diapers was probably in the mid-single digits. If we've shifted at a lower price point because private label is a little price point but we've shifted to a price point in the low double digits. So there you've got 500-plus basis points. I'm sure there are plenty of items where it's a lot less than that. But that is the positive.
Richard A. Galanti: Not really. Keep in mind, as in the press release, he's going to be around for the next year in a consulting capacity. Many of you who know Jim, that's a big shadow there. And he's just spent a lot of time, no doubt, traveling and with Craig. And we don't really see any sea changes out there. Particularly -- and when Craig has been interviewed, even in the local newspaper, his view is it's more of the same, focusing on value. If anything, I think, since Craig 20-or-so months ago became President, he's elevated his game in terms of understanding what has gotten to us, where we are, in terms of that discipline of value, and you can see the DNA around here is pretty intact.
Richard A. Galanti: I can't -- it's so hard to pinpoint. There's hundreds of things going on. Penetrations in different countries. Year-end accruals that in either way. We try to look at the big ones and let you know if they are. But I can't necessarily put my finger on that exactly, other than the trend has been good. If it was a little less in Q1 than Q4, then so be it.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, money is fungible whether it's pricing or membership and everything else. We're going to keep doing what we're doing. Clearly, it's not an exact direct link because fee increases, in terms of when we earn them starting really until January when we're getting the cash into Q3 when we're getting something in the books. So I view those as independent.
Richard A. Galanti: What I've read into some of the analysts out there. Some of them assume majority of us going that way, some of them assume the minority of it's going that way. We really can't predict that, other than saying that as our numbers are good and we -- the numbers for the company, not membership but just as our earnings continue to progress, and we feel strong about member loyalty, and we look to the economy. We're going to continue the work to drive sales. And this is just another arrow in the quiver. Okay, well thank you, everyone. Have a good day and holiday. Go shopping at Costco.
Adrianne Shapira: My question was about talking a little bit about the categories as we're heading into the holiday season, maybe give us a sense of what's working, what's not, talk about sort of the Consumer Electronics, how that's faring. And then specifically on Softlines, it seems that the category had been stronger the last 2 quarters, up low doubles, the last 2 quarters, up high singles and now mid singles. Maybe give us some color in terms of what trends you're seeing in Softlines.
Adrianne Shapira: Okay. And then my other question. As it relates to the pricing environment, it sounds as if this is more proactive than reactive in terms of your decision to be a bit more aggressive. But can you give us a sense of what's out there on the competitive landscape? Clearly now BJ's private what you're seeing out of them. Walmart has obviously been very vocal of kind of winning back the holidays and going after the weekend and the entire season pretty aggressively. So if you could just kind of give us a sense, characterize what you're seeing out there, how intense, how aggressive and maybe in response to your aggressiveness as well.
Adrianne Shapira: Okay, Richard. And then just on the buyback, could you give us any sense of the appetite there? Obviously we know you could do more if you opted to, but give us any sense of pace and appetite going forward.
