Bob Nelson: Yes. On the fresh side, we literally had no D&D last year. And we had very high labor productivity because of the pounds that we were going – that we were processing, if you will. So I think we've kept a lot of that leverage actually. We're way above pre-pandemic levels. It's just that was extraordinary last year. So – and I think we'll keep some of that. But it's not all that. And then a little bit of it is, like I said, raw material costs this year. I mean, those eventually make their way into our – the price of our goods. But as you know, we're not the first one to go up when we have higher costs. I think just recently, it may have been after the end of the quarter, we reluctantly, but we took up the price of our muffins and our croissants, I think $1 as the price of a lot of those raw materials have continued to escalate to two and three and four times what they were last year. So that's essentially what's going on there.
Bob Nelson: Yeah. Honestly, we're not seeing a lot of change in our throughput in the buildings. I mean, we're seeing a lot of traffic. We're not seeing a lot of – we're not seeing trade down really. We're seeing a little bit of shift in where people are spending their money. Last year, there was more stuff for the home and that – and this year, it's more sales in tickets and restaurants and travel and tires and gas and things of that nature. But we're still holding our own in areas like apparel and furniture and jewelry, TVs, appliances. All those departments are showing good decent sales growth on top of pretty good numbers a year ago. I would say overall, there might be a very small amount in terms of the number of items in the basket this year. A little less than last year because there was more trip consolidation going on a year ago, I think, during COVID. But overall, I think we feel pretty good about what we're seeing and how our members are shopping.
Bob Nelson: Well, look, I think we always want to be the best value in the marketplace. And to the extent that we continue to show that, I think it's easier for us to pass on higher pricing, or higher freight costs, or raw material cost, assuming that we show that value in the marketplace. And that's what it's all about really. And I think we feel good about it. I mean, our most recent shops against who we watch most closely have not changed. And we're every bit as competitive as we've been, notwithstanding the fact we have taken some prices up in certain areas in food, in sundries and in fresh foods.
Bob Nelson: Well, I think the balance was slightly more in nonfoods than in foods in terms of the remaining third of the lower margins. I'm not sure I have specifics right now on certain specific categories. I mean, again, it's not really a category, we're an item business, and so it's all about certain items where we might move or not move.
Bob Nelson: No, I don't believe so, Megan. I mean, I think overall, there's higher transportation costs across the whole supply chain, whether it's ocean freight or trucking or the price of fuel, et cetera, et cetera. I think eventually, those costs make their way into your sale price. Again, it's not like anything else. We tend to drag a little bit compared to others, but I don't think there's a material change since the end of April in terms of how we're managing that.
Bob Nelson: Yeah. We I certainly can't be predictive and tell you exactly where it's going. We've, obviously, seen more inflation as years progressed. If we stay at this level, there will continue to be some impacts to our P&L. If we start to see deflation, if we were in an inflationary environment next year, yeah, we would get some of that back. But we've got a ways to go. I think everybody thinks we're still in a cycle of more inflation versus it stopping. Now to be fair, this is the first time when we get into Q4 that we'll actually start cycling some at the beginning of this last year. And I think we had a small LIFO charge in Q4 a year ago. So I'm not predicting, but we saw a little bit of decline in our fresh food inflation in this past quarter. Will we see some in other areas as we enter Q4? Maybe, but that could be offset by higher costs in other areas in the supply chain. So -- and then, of course, that higher level of inflation started hitting us in Q1 and Q2 of the beginning of this year. So I really can't predict where it's going to go. But assuming we get more inflation, we'll have more LIFO charges. To the extent that reverses at some point, we'll get some credits.
Bob Nelson: That's a hard one to answer. Look, it's all -- look, we would never raise prices if we could get SG&A leverage in every single quarter from now until eternity. I mean, our goal would be to lower prices indefinitely and lower SG&A. It's all a balancing act. Sure. The same can be said on gross margins. I mean, everybody's read what's going on out there in the industry. Our sales in gas were very strong. Our gross margins were strong. And to the extent we're able to lever that into other areas of the business by holding prices? That's what we do. That's retail.
Bob Nelson: Yes. John, honestly, we don't really test markets or we won't take a market like Seattle and test taking a price up beyond our comfort level. It all comes down to value proposition and if we feel like we can take a price up and pass on some of the costs that we're incurring in our goods and the value proposition is still there, we'll go there. We're not testing all these items across the space.
Bob Nelson: I mean it is unprecedented times. I will tell you that because of our limited SKU counts and the small number of SKUs that each buyer actually manages, they have a pretty good understanding of where their competitive situation is in the marketplace, and they have a pretty good feel about what kind of business they can do at what price. And I think that helps us in terms of managing that.
Bob Nelson: Well, that's a good question. Obviously, our value proposition in the marketplace is best-in-class, and it's actually accelerated versus where it was a year ago. I think the industry demand in gallons for gas is in the 1% to 2% range. And what I can tell you is we are much better than that in the high teens, the low 20s in terms of where we've been trending. I will say, we're certainly getting a lot of shops in the building when people buy gas. But given the extraordinarily high level, we're also getting a lot more members come by and top off their tank just because the value proposition in some cases is over $1 a gallon. And those members will come by and buy five or six gallons and then be on their way. So it's difficult to measure because of the -- just a huge amount of volume we're getting through our stations right now.
Bob Nelson: Well, I can't tell you whether I think there's going to be more pull back in a month or two months or three months. I mean, again, we feel really good about our ability to drive traffic and drive our members in and frankly, the ability to drive the top line. What I spoke to Ron yesterday about this, look, he thinks that we got a couple of extra weeks of supply in a couple of areas, and he thinks we can move through the inventory without really a lot of harbor or problem. On the seasonal stuff, a lot of that is just Christmas stuff that came in late – we've got it in deep freeze, and we're going to put it out this fall. And we're probably going to put it out at pretty good values because the price of all that stuff is going up. So we feel pretty good about being able to move that. And then the other comment I made is just more inventory that we think makes sense to have like masks and things like that, but where if there's some kind of hiccup in – in COD, we’re well prepared. So I don’t want to say strategic, but its – its a little bit more inventory than we might typically carry in a kind of non-environment like we're in now.
Bob Nelson: No, no, no. That number has been like 50%. I'm not sure where 70% came from. That number has come down slightly. And again, because of what I mentioned earlier, we have a lot more members coming by and topping off their tank. But the overall number of shops from people buying gas is probably up. It's just the percentage is down because we have way more people going through the stations. So the penetration is down a little bit, but the number of relative shops is up probably.
Bob Nelson: Yeah, Ed, I wish I could be more transparent about -- we don't know what our budgets are on everything, but we really don't guide in terms of where gross margins are going to be. I think it continues to be a challenging environment. I think we feel good about our ability to pass through certain costs. In other areas, we don't feel as good about it, and we want to hold prices. So I think it's -- I can't tell you where exactly it's going to be. I think it's -- if I had to kind of -- it will be -- it looked much like what you're looking at this quarter. Maybe a little less, maybe a little more. But other than that, we really just don't -- we don't guide.
Bob Nelson: Well, look, like we've always said, our first goal is to mitigate any price increase. And our first goal is to partner with our vendor and figure out if there's a way to mitigate it for both of us. And that's the strategy. It's certainly more difficult times because there's more pressures coming from different areas. It's not just raw material cost, it's labor. It's -- there's more factors involved in it. But look, as you alluded to, we have -- we do a lot of volume in a relatively small number of the SKUs were very important to our suppliers in terms of the volume we do in some of these. And so they work with us. And I think at the end of the day, again, it's about showing the best value proposition in every item that we have on the shelf. And to the extent we're able to pass on some of those costs, and we still show a great value in that item, and that's great. In some instances, maybe we're not able to do that as effectively. But overall, I feel pretty good about our merchants being able to navigate through this. It's -- we've had a lot to navigate through the last couple of quarters. And I think I feel good about our ability to continue to do it as we look out into Q4 and then into the next fiscal year.
Bob Nelson: Yes, sure. We have historically been, depending on the country in the area, somewhere in the kind of low 50s to low -- sorry, high 50s to maybe 60, low 60s. And those numbers now are depending on the country in the high 60s to low 70s. So we've gradually seen over the last two years since the pandemic started about a 10% bump in our first year renewal -- our first year members, if you will, which we view as very favorable because we obviously signed up a lot of new members that hadn't tried us. Before the pandemic, they tried us, had a good experience, and we're seeing better retention rates out of those members.
Bob Nelson: Yes. I'm just -- I'm sitting here with Ron and he's indicating to me that we're pretty much across the board, improving everywhere slightly from where we were. It's not really in any one particular category. It's -- I think part of that is there's 40 or 50 ships in LA now instead of 100 or 120, and the fact that we've been able to utilize our own ships to kind of help get product over here. I think it's just improved a little bit across the board in all -- in everything that we're purchasing.
Bob Nelson: Well, look, we certainly are able to pivot more easily because we have less category business and more item business. So to the extent we're having difficulty in a particular item or have a hard time showing value in a particular item. We are able to pivot over into something else and put it in the warehouse. I don't -- I think that's just part of our DNA. What we do here every day, whether it's in the environment where we're operating in now or in a normal environment. So I think it's just a competitive advantage based on our – the structure of our business.
Bob Nelson: Sure. Sure, yeah. Sure. I think every member that signs up has a different reason, but sure, absolutely, particularly given the extreme value proposition in that – in gas right now.
Bob Nelson: Not really. I mean, some of the areas I mentioned like sporting goods, well, all the gyms are opening up again and a lot of – within sporting goods, it's really exercise equipment that – we sold a lot a year ago. And this year, people are back at the gyms. Office is down a little bit. And again, people were setting up working from home a year ago. So it's no surprise to us that, that department is a little bit softer than a year ago. So not really, I think the categories that we're seeing be a little bit softer than we expect or categories that we expected to be soft. It's not a big surprise.
Bob Nelson: I would say in terms of our – we're certainly seeing higher inflation in certain non-food areas, although mix is bringing that down. You're going to sell fewer say, I'm making this up, but patio sets that are up, say, 10%, then you are, say, a piece of apparel that might be up less so. It's going to be less of an impact on a smaller priced item. I think overall, the inflation that we're seeing is relatively the same. Again, we're an item business. So we're certainly seeing it higher than that in some items and lower than that in other areas of the business. And I think, again, I need to keep using this term, but it's all about the value proposition. And our willingness to take pricing along or take pricing up depends on what our position is in the marketplace. And to the extent, we continue to show great value, it's a little easier to do that.
Bob Nelson: Yeah. Well, again, not to keep using this term, but we're an item business, and I think we're seeing great strength in furniture right now. We're seeing great strength in patio. We didn't have a good inventory supplies a year ago. We have more inventory now, and so we're able to move that product. Things like exercise equipment isn't as selling as much because -- or barbecues, for example. Everybody bought a barbecue last year, because everybody was home and cooking from home. Those certain items like that are not selling as well this year. I think the good thing for us is we're so broad-based in terms of the merchandise that we sell that we don't really -- I guess, we don't really look at it as big ticket. Appliances is another example. Appliances are very strong this year. Now again, we had a little bit of a supply constraint last year, more issues with chips that's getting better. It's not solved. But we're in better stock this year, and we're certainly selling more appliances than we did a year ago. And those are the biggest of ticket item. So what? What about it? Oh, my guys are saying travel. Not really a big ticket, but an experience. And with everybody pent up for two years and not traveling, yeah, that business has taken off like mad. So there's a lot of discussion and talk about a recession coming, but if you look in our buildings and you look at -- if you've been on an airplane lately, you'd never notice it.
Bob Nelson: Yeah. Laura, I don't have those in front of me, actually. If you want to ping me offline, we can maybe give you a little bit more color. I do know that they're slightly lower than we've seen in some markets because we signed up so many members in those first two warehouses. And so I know the retention rates are a little bit lower as a percentage, but part of that is when we opened our first building there, it was the only building, and now that we have two buildings with a third coming on the Shanghai market. It's going to change the dynamics a little bit.
Bob Nelson: No, it was just for each and every employee to use as they fit. It's essentially an additional floating holiday that each employee can use for a specific date that's important to them.
Bob Nelson: Why don't we take one or two more and then David, Josh and myself will be available for some off-line questions.
Bob Nelson: Well, certainly, gas was the biggest driver in there. And I think we mentioned that travel was also one of the beneficiaries.
Bob Nelson: It's both. It's the $77 million was essentially to get on the book, the cost of that vacation for each employee at that time on March 14, if you will. And then the ongoing cost of that is in our regular SG&A and benefit cost each quarter, correct.
Bob Nelson: Those costs for Q3 -- or I should say, the eight weeks in Q3, we're just in the regular SG&A numbers.
Bob Nelson: Well, we don't really ask each member when they sign up, why they're signing up. I'm hoping that there's a different value proposition for each and every member that entices them to be a member and sign up. The one thing I can add on to that is we are getting more strength in terms of the number of members that sign up digitally and that's really grown throughout the pandemic and become a bigger percentage of our growth as well. And I think some of that has to do with some of our online offerings that hit -- particularly in say, grocery. If you don't live within 10 or 15 miles of a club. But in the pandemic, you tried this, you moved a little bit further away, you had a good experience. You signed up digitally and you stay digitally and you might use this half digitally and half in the warehouse. So I think it's a different reason for everybody, really. It just depends on your preferences.
Bob Nelson: Okay. My guys are telling me -- I didn't know, but I think it was pretty much in line with what our expectations were. I mean we continue -- when you kind of take a look at what's driving that, we continue to convert more base members to the executive member program who tend to renew at a higher rate and have more loyalty with us. That's contributing to that. We see that every week. So we know that's going to help the renewal rates. And so I think based on – and of course, the first year renewal rates that are improving, we know that's going to help the number as well and signing up more members. So all that, I think, is contributing to those improved metrics, if you will.
Bob Nelson: Okay. If there's no more questions, we'll call it a wrap. I appreciate everybody dialing in today. And again, David and Josh and myself are available, if you guys have any follow-ups. Have a good day.
