Richard Galanti: Clearly fresh foods is the one I’ve talked about in the past. Fresh food margins year over year in the quarter were down. Frankly, they were down, I think, less. In Q4 it was a bigger down year over year. There are a lot of moving parts, of course, but when I go to the budget meeting each month and hear the merchants talk, certainly fresh foods is an important part. As we go into the seasonal period of September through December, you’re trying to do some hot prices on exciting nonfood items as well, bigger ticket items. TVs, in my view, has a little bit more to do with SG&A. When you sell a few less thousand dollar price point items, that probably impacts your SG&A a little bit. But I don’t even know how much it moves the needle. It helps, but it’s one of many things. So we keep doing what we’re doing. I don’t think there’s any big surprises to us in these numbers. If anything, one of the things I mentioned last quarter, when I pointed out fresh foods were, I think, 80 or so basis points lower year over year, and it’s quite a bit less than that delta in the first quarter, part of that was, as we’d maintained some key prices on some very high volume key items like the rotisserie chickens, as some of the underlying costs come down a little from their peak, that helps margin a little bit.  So I think we haven’t changed what we do necessarily to try to reduce that delta or prove a positive delta, it’s just where it came out. We’re ever diligent in being competitive out there.
Richard Galanti: Honestly, there’s a hundred different independent decisions. That’s part of it, certainly. When we expand Kirkland Signature, it does a lot of things. In many cases, as you suggested, we can get a little bit more margin and provide even greater value to our member.  As important, in some cases it drives a lower price on the branded item as the branded item loses market share to the private label, which again serves us and our member well. So overall, on an overall basis, probably increasing penetration of KS helps you. I think increasing penetration of our total sales in locations that don’t have a direct warehouse club competitor helps you a little bit in some of these other countries. As you can see from our segment analysis, certainly it would imply that in Canada, which again has been a very strong economy and good growth for us locally as well, not having a direct warehouse club probably works a little higher margin. Not a lot. I mean, we don’t take great advantage of that.
Richard Galanti: For us, long term is two or three years sometimes. I think five years ago, when we were averaging something in the low 20s, our goal was to see, you know, can we get it up to 30. And we feel pretty comfortable, as I indicated in the last few calls, that both this year and over the next three or four years some number in the low to mid 30s we feel pretty good about, hopefully starting at 30 and ending at 35 in a few years. Beyond that, one would think that we could expand that a little bit if the opportunities still present themselves out there. I don’t think that will be a people issue. We’ve done, as you know, a lot of ramp up in several countries. We’ve gone from 8 to 18, or 9 to 18 units in Japan in the last couple of years. We’re going to go from 3 to 7 or 8 in Australia this year. And we’re adding as fast as we can, it’s harder to do in Taiwan and Korea getting sites, but we’ve got the pipeline full, so hopefully we’ll get a little more there. And so that strains you a little bit, because you don’t want to move some of those people. If anything, we’ve devoted more people to those areas. But I don’t think that’s a constraint. I mean, if we did 25 a year four or five years ago, and we’re doing 30-ish plus a year now, and five years from now certainly something north of that, assuming the opportunities out there present themselves is certainly a likelihood.
Richard Galanti: I think the detail will be in the Q. I don’t think there’s any big trend changes from most recent year and quarters. In terms of operating profitability as a percentage of sales, Canada is stronger than the U.S. It has had a great economy, it’s been a great business for us. It has no direct warehouse operator. Its healthcare costs, on average, are a little lower. So all those things worked in our favor. The other column, it generally is more profitable, but again we’re opening a lot of new units, and we’re cannibalizing. Going into Spain, we’ll certainly have not only a little extra preopening, but once we get open, $0.5 a million or $1 million a month just in central over there, with one partial unit for a few months. So I think those things tend to make that column a little harder to understand, and generally speaking, many of those countries in that other column tend to be higher pretax percent of sales than the U.S.
Richard Galanti: No big differences. The big differences in California were way back when the economy first got hit. Not only California, but Arizona, Las Vegas, and Florida, if I recall correctly. Those were the ones that were hit hardest. I think California overall is probably a shade lower than the rest of the U.S. But the rest of the U.S. includes, you know, Midwest, Texas, where we’re opening new units, and we’ve been pretty successful in seeing more robust top line sales growth.
Richard Galanti: The one that I pointed out now, for probably the last five fiscal quarters, all the quarters last year plus this first quarter, is IT modernization. We have finally had the courage, I think, a few years ago, to recognize that we had great home-grown systems that were kept together and allowed us to do what we wanted to do, but as we’re becoming more global, and bigger, and getting to a platform and a whole IT infrastructure, that will serve us as we go from hopefully $100 billion to $200 billion in the next many years.  That’s several hundreds of millions of dollars over three or four years. We’re halfway into it, maybe a little under halfway into it, and so my guess is I’ll be talking to you about a few basis points each quarter year over year and incrementally probably into ’15, before it starts flattening out and coming down.  But not only is a lot of that expenditure necessary, there’s dividends, we believe, that will come from it too. In a way, one of the first modernization things we did, even before we called it modernization, was replatforming dotcom a year and a half ago. Again, we had a website, the search engines couldn’t even crawl on it, to give you a simple example. We see the potential there. Still relatively small business to our company, but a very profitable business, so we think there’s a lot of opportunity as we replatform and we rewrite the membership system, the basic buying systems, the [unintelligible] systems. But it’s necessary as well.  Beyond that, it doesn’t seem like healthcare costs are going to change dramatically in the U.S. As a higher percentage of our total company is from overseas, outside the U.S., for the most part every other country that we operate in, the healthcare related costs are lower as a percentage of sales. I might be wrong on one country, but for the most part that’s correct. So those are the kinds of things that, again, there’s probably a few structural things that, as non-U.S. sales become a higher percentage of the total company, whether it’s a lack of direct warehouse competition in many of these countries, whether it’s lower healthcare costs as a percentage of sales, in some cases a little higher membership fee percentages as a percentage of sales, maybe in some cases occupancy as a percentage of sales is a little higher, but more than offset by the other things I mentioned. So generally speaking, I think that will tend to help us a little bit, and I try to point that out as we go along here. 
Richard Galanti: We’ve talked about Spain and France with Spain coming first and France hopefully the following year. So we have a few people on the ground in France, or less than a few. But we’re working towards that. And you know, when we looked at where are we going to go before we decided on those two, there’s various different parts of the world, we felt that we’ve had a place of operations in the U.K. for many years, under a little different format, in terms of how we market to our Gold Star members in the U.K.  But we always looked at Western Europe as a good opportunity for us. Frankly, the economies over there we feel have allowed us the opportunity to get in and to be welcome. We provide good, high-paying jobs, we’re great competitors, and frankly we see the economy a little better than some of the numbers you just read about unemployment. So we think it was an opportunity for us to get in when historically it was a little harder, and we’ll see where we go from there. But to start with, it will be Spain first, France second, and then we’ll let you know when we do.
Richard Galanti: Well, we do better in stronger economies, frankly. I think each country has its own set of challenges compared to the United States. And again, I’m not prepared to talk a lot about some of those other countries at this point, since we’re focused right now on really ramping up the newer countries, like Asia and Australia, as well as what we’re doing in these new two countries over in Europe.
Richard Galanti: We take member comments all the time, both online and in warehouse. Ecommerce is certainly an important component of what’s out there, what’s growing. We recognize we’re a retail competitor. It’s part of the landscape. We’re very much a brick and mortar. You know, 97% plus of our business is in store, not online. What we have done is we looked at it as not trying to offer a million different items for our members. Arguably, we don’t offer a million different items to them in store. We offer less than 4,000.  And we view it as an extension of that, in some categories, as well as some overlap. We’ve been successful in bigger ticket items, hard to handle items like furniture and televisions. But I think the example I mentioned earlier about apparel, we tried some apparel items several years ago in online, and underwhelmed us and our members. We’re trying some different things now, and it seems to be working.  But again, ecommerce is a small percent, and a given department like that is a small percent. But we are getting some traction. We want our members to buy everything at Costco, whether it’s in-store or online, and we’ll keep trying some new things.
Richard Galanti: Again, we had a very small LIFO charge. Given the volatility in gas, it was deflationary, although I don’t think we took any of that in the first quarter. We tend to wait into the year. That’s what we’ve done over the past many years. So probably, including gas, yes, it was slightly deflationary, but not reflected in our small LIFO charge. In terms of outlook, the only thing that I can recall from the budget meetings has to do with some fresh food items or commodities. You know, three months ago, the outlook was three to six months hence, so that would now be three months. Generally speaking, I think that’s still the case, with the exception of some produce items which are more a function of what’s going on with weather in different places. I know there’s been shortages in berries and each of these items are big volumes for us, and that drives the price and availability of these things up. But overall, I haven’t heard about, from the general nonfood areas, anything big. If I look at the last month, just strolling down the 30 biggest inflationary items, there’s a few on the beef side, there’s several produce, like strawberries is up 25% plus, blueberries up more than that on a cost basis. Then I look on the deflationary side, you have the usual suspects of electronics and gas, of course, as I mentioned earlier. And a few other items that generally are some commodity items that peaked a year ago and come down some. So again, no big inflation raiser this time. 
Richard Galanti: It’s in the 23 plus range. My guess is it’s half a percent. Part of that is that as we roll out gas in Canada, aside from gas deflation right now, as gas from the company has gone from 9 to 10 to 11 to 12 percent, everything else, KS, is increasing relative to that other 87 or 88 percent.
Richard Galanti: First of all, as it relates to Amazon’s enviable 200 basis point, I think a lot of that, as I understand it, for every dollar of reported sales they’ve got close to $0.50 of other throughput, which is not a sale. It doesn’t report on their GAAP income statement, because they’re handling merchandise for others, where they charge service fees for doing that. In many instances, when that merchandise is sold, it’s sold through Amazon and Amazon gets the money and doesn’t pay those third-party sellers, if you will, until after. And so my understanding is, and I could be wrong, a big chunk of it is that. I would assume, as they handle more inventory that are their sales, that will pressure that number a little bit, but that’s a very enviable number to have.  In our case, on the other hand, we’ve always kind of looked and said, how can we get to 100%? Can we get no cash required for our inventories? It’s going to fluctuate. This one downturn here has more to do with Thanksgiving than anything. That one week, burning a couple of extra days of sales or incremental equivalents of a day of sales, we get that back in order pretty quickly. I think that as we’re ramping up expansion, that will tend to reduce the number a little bit. But we’ve always been in the high 80s to very low 100s, depending on which fiscal quarter and timing it is. And I don’t see a lot of change there. Ultimately, if we can turn our inventory faster, it’s going to help that. Gas has helped it in a perverse way. We turn our gas many times a week, many, many times a year. So we’ve got a lot of payables there relative to inventory. So I think that it’s going to fluctuate a little bit. The only think I wanted to point out in this quarter was Thanksgiving had more to do with the reduction there. I think our inventory turns, our goal is to continue to turn it faster. Ecommerce turns it faster for sure for us, but it’s 2.5% of our business.
Richard Galanti: That will continue to have some pressure, recognizing every time a given person hits 25, 30, or in a very few examples 35, that’s going to hit it, although that reduces that amount because it’s the same charge over five years, it just comes sooner. And so it will be bumpy sometimes. When I looked at the four quarters this coming fiscal year, the big hit is in Q1. It dips a little bit in Q2. It dips back up in Q3, and dips a lot in Q4, relative to the increase we saw in Q1. Some of that has to do with the timing of acceleration. In addition, we’ve always put a lot of compensation focus in most of those people’s cases, or in many of the managers and above, if you will, over half of their annual compensation relates to stock, and hopefully stock price performance. But we’ve tended to try to keep the number of grants each year to a given person at a given responsibility level the same. This is the first time in many years that we’ve reduced it, recognizing the stock has been very strong, not only this year but several years.  Now, again, by reducing the grant by an average of around 15% per recipient - and it ranged from zero for lower grants to 20% for our CEO and chairman and board - that will continue to impact us for a few years year, but I think this was a little bit more of an anomaly this quarter and it will be an anomaly in the third quarter and sometimes there will be a little less. But overall, I think it will be a slight increase of the SG&A in each of the next couple of years. Now, one thing that will reduce it if the stock, next October, is at a price lower than the $117 or $118, but we hope that goes the other way and it’s a little higher expense, so we’ll see. 
Richard Galanti: Canada, first of all, has had a great local economy. It didn’t get hit with the financial crisis that we in the U.S. did. Some of its economy is natural resource based, which has been on a boom for the last couple of years.
Richard Galanti: Well, there’s no direct competition, there’s no other warehouse club operator. Mind you, our warehouse club business is roughly at 11% gross margin. Other forms of big box discount ranges everywhere from the very high teens to, in the case of home improvement, to the low to mid 30s. But call it the high teens and low 20s for general merchandise big box discount. And supermarkets, of course, are in the mid-20s and up. So at 10 or 11, that’s a pretty compelling value proposition, when you don’t have another warehouse operator. So I think that helps us a little bit. We don’t take a lot of advantage of that. We have a little extra margins. In some countries, while our labor cost in every country we view our labor wage rates are at a significant premium to comparable big box hourly retail, they frankly are lower in terms of dollars in some countries. And sometimes the top line purchasing power is not as low. So that helps your percentages there. And some countries, like Asia, we have a lot more members per warehouse when we start up, so we have a little higher percentage of membership fees as a percentage of sales. Again, on a macro basis, the one thing internationally in some of these countries that stands out a little higher might be occupancy, but we own 80% of our units, so you don’t see that in SG&A, frankly, a lot. You see a little more depreciation perhaps, but you don’t see rent charges. And so all those things have tended to help, but by and large, in my view the big factor is going to be no direct warehouse competitor.
Richard Galanti: Well, it’s working very well for us. We have, I think, 33 or 34 units. Sam’s has over 100. They have been much more aggressive over the years. We know saleswise that our units, like the U.S., do more volume per warehouse.  Until July of 2012, we owned 50% of a venture, and operated it, with a very good partner, Comercial Mexicana, down there. They had some financial issues, and so for I think five years, leading up to July 12, over five years we opened a total of two units down there. We have ramped up our activities and efforts down there. We opened, I think, one this year, but we’ve got plans for more.  And you’ll see that come up a little bit. We’re not going to go crazy. We’re not going to go from 30 to 40 in a year, but you’ll see that 0.4 number, if you will, two units over five years, increase quite a bit and continue in that direction. 
Richard Galanti: I like to think we’re that smart sometimes. But again, we look at all countries around the world, and where we’re going to go. Australia we viewed, much like we did Alaska and Hawaii 25 years ago, where the margins, and the markups, in those two states were dramatically different than the mainland. And Australia also has a very high price structure.  As I understand, two retail competitors have upwards of two-thirds of the market share over there. So we came in with our margins, which were even more dramatic over there. But we also look at it as what is the potential.  Part of our due diligence, if you will, in addition to looking at various metrics like population and small business and average household income, is really shopping the towns, and going over and visiting these places, you know, feet on the ground, all the way from our chairman and CEO to key merchants and operators, and see how vibrant the retail business, and how competitive it is. We think that as we’ve gone into these countries, clearly we are the extreme value proposition in terms of markup.  Again, when we look at Spain, we think the economy is a little better than some of the numbers would portray in terms of unemployment. But we’re there for the long term also, and the economy should get better over time. But it’s less to do with what products come from there.  Part of our success, as an example, in Asia and these other countries, is bringing not only Kirkland Signature items but in some cases U.S. sourced goods that aren’t there. And we all think of ourselves sometimes as liking things like Italian leather and cashmere from Europe, and guess what, some of these other countries like big American stuff at great value and prices. So that’s helped us as well. 
Richard Galanti: Of course, we don’t provide any guidance. Nice try. The only thing we did say, certainly for everybody, not just us, in the U.S., the switch of Thanksgiving a week later certainly impacted November reported sales and the November-ish month of our first quarter. The fact that there’s five less days between Thanksgiving and Christmas, less selling days, that’s certainly going to be an impact for everybody out there. But you know, we plan for it.
Richard Galanti: There’s not a whole lot we see. Not really. We’ve commented on the slower TV sales. It was very strong a year ago. I think there’s a little less promotion out there. But there’s really not a whole lot beyond that. Frequency continues to be strong.
Richard Galanti: First of all, separate sales and margin. We don’t really see a whole lot of change in the landscape, other than a few retailers opened earlier into Thanksgiving this year. We don’t really see a whole lot out there different. There’s certainly more promotional stuff that we all read about each day that some of the power retailers are doing, and [onto the] merchants.
Richard Galanti: Well, again, it’s more art form than science here. We still view our outlook and our opportunities going forward positively. First and foremost is to ramp up expansion, which we have done, although we’re generating more cash than that. We have historically, for now eight or nine years, raised our dividend every spring, I believe. We of course did a big special cash dividend, a little over $3 billion, last December.  :
Richard Galanti: We do not think it’s affecting us materially. I mean, the fact is that when there’s a lot of promotions, they work. If some traditional merchants are backed up in inventory, they’re going to be very much more promotional. I think as evidenced by our frequency, we still have them coming in, and we have them coming in a surprisingly continued increase year over year.  Now, that being said, if they stopped at these promotions first, that’s one less thing they may buy at Costco. But we feel very good about our merchandising and our own merchandise marketing activities as it relates to the MBM, some hot buys. We think that we’ve got a lot of good things going on. Again, in talking to the senior merchants, we feel quite good about coming out of the season with nothing unusual in terms of markdowns and having clean inventory. So I think that’s, in my view, good evidence that we’re not seeing a big impact out there. 
Richard Galanti: I think you mentioned two or three of the ones that would be at the top of the list. Certainly we’ve talked about apparel now for a year, year and a half, and having still double digit increases year over year, two years out. Part of that is our own commitment to expanded apparel. Part of that is from brands. Part of that is the Kirkland Signature. We’ve got a great Italian wool men’s pant that’s $49, actually $39 right now, and we’ve gone from 100,000 to 1 million pair in the last few years. We’re massing that up better.  Cosmetics, we’ve got a couple of units in the L.A. market where we’re testing some expanded cosmetics. We still would like to get more brands to sell us, but we’re pretty scrappy, we’re getting a few things in ourselves. But it’s still a small business for us. The ticket programs, whether it’s for movies or for ski vacations or local restaurants, those continue to grow. So again, probably one good thing over the last year or so is some of these nonfood categories, from apparel to domestics to housewares. Those have had some good legs for us.
Richard Galanti: We’ll keep looking at it. We have no plans currently to deliver to homes anything other than through ecommerce, which tends to be nonfood items, and very limited foodstuffs, and surely not fresh foods. We enjoy watching the landscape as others are getting into those types of businesses. Some of the supermarket chains, Walmart.  You know, Google is doing something in the Bay Area as a test with a number of brick and mortar retailers, including us, where they’ll deliver through the Google Mall. They come in and buy it. We do some help in store at just a couple of locations, as a test, but it’s small, and it’s a test.  So I think there’s going to be a lot of changes over time. You know, getting overnight delivery or same-day delivery is great, but ultimately you’ve got to pay for it, and we’ll see. I think there’s probably a market for it, but we’ll see how big that market is. We keep doing what we’re doing in terms of value. If things change dramatically out there, we’ll figure it out, but there’s a long way to go there first. 
Richard Galanti: Well, a lot of what online is is delivering to home, but it’s delivering televisions and swing sets and furniture and some apparel, again, a very limited amount of shelf stable, if you will, food items. And then we also do office products and things online to small business.  But you know, look, 97.5% of our business is in store. It’s continuing to grow nicely. People actually do like to go out and shop. And when I’ve been asked the question before, on Amazon Fresh, up here in Seattle, or some other type of fresh delivery in other parts of the country, in New York, what have you, my sense is that probably that’s taking some market share more from what are the other daily or every other day alternatives when you’re stopping at the supermarket two and a half, three times a week? Again, on an incremental basis, is there something you’re going to get that way that you didn’t get at Costco?  But if we can keep you coming in, you’re still getting a lot of key bulk items at our place on the fresh food side as well. And our most loyal members are still getting some of those things at supermarkets and other forms of convenience. And Amazon will be just one of those, or other forms of overnight or other delivery.  You know, it’s different value. Again, we recognize convenience is a value. I think both Amazon and some of these others out there, the quality tends to be good, the availability sometimes is good or not, but you’re paying for that convenience, and there’s a lot of things that people are still going to buy at our place, and if we can keep you coming in, then we’ll get our share of that.
Richard Galanti: It’s pretty much the same. It’s a little higher in new markets. If you asked me what’s the most surprising, it’s that the U.S. is pretty darn close to the rest of the world. Canada is a little higher than that, and again, as evidenced by a local currency comp in the mid to high singles. And by the way, some of the frequency numbers change. Like, as we cannibalize, as we go in two years from roughly 9 to 18 units in Japan and add 2 or 3 more units in Tokyo, that’s going to cannibalize and reduce the frequency of that existing unit.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think it’s going to continue to increase. Five years ago, 80% of our unit openings were in the U.S., or 75%. This year 50-55% will be U.S. Over the next three or four years, probably a shade under 50, maybe 40-45% perhaps. So I think over time it will continue to increase.  I think the U.S. will still be above 50%. It’s now around 70%, low 70s. But that will change over time, and again, the relative profitability of these other countries tends to be a little higher than the U.S., so the profitability penetration will probably get there a little earlier.  And in terms of currencies, arguably we tend to have a currency in the U.S. that on average tends to be stronger over long periods of time than others. So that will impact us, but we’ll let you know what that impact is. That will be part of our makeup.
Jason DeRise - UBS: But there’s more competition in Canada too, and when I look at some of your competitors there, it doesn’t sound so rosy, so it’s got to be something else. 
Jason DeRise - UBS: And then in Mexico, I guess that’s one that’s every monthly sales call it’s been called out as one of the strengths, and we haven’t seen that many openings from you. You do have a direct competitor there, so maybe talk about what’s working in Mexico.
Jason DeRise - UBS: And just one more question about some of the new markets. As you thought about Australia, and I guess now Spain, do you think it’s more like a Canadian market, where if you keep your margin structure, in terms of your markups, the same as the U.S. or any other market you compete in, that you think you just come in at a wider gap, and that’s why you picked it, those markets, as the next of the evolution? Or is there something else about where you can source product that you’re bringing back to the U.S.? I guess there’s some less known synergy about shipping to Asia crates of American product and bringing product back that you’re selling in the U.S. 
