Michael Montani – ISI Group: Hi, Richard. I was just going to ask you, on the inflation side, you know, you mentioned sort of a low-single digit increase this quarter for Food and Sundries. If you looked across the box, you know, can you just give us a feel for that? Are we talking 1 to 2% range across the store right now? Richard A. Galanti – CFO, EVP and Director: Well, low tenth of a single digit. It’s closer to 1, so not a whole lot. 
Michael Montani – ISI Group: And that’s across the store? Richard A. Galanti – CFO, EVP and Director:  It’s all over the board. I mean, I was looking just at some items, I mean, these are, you know, again, these are anecdotal items, but you know, year over year eggs are up 22%. I’m looking down the list here. Blueberries up 37% year over year. Conversely, you’ve got items, always you’re going to have some electronic items, but beyond electronic items, I can’t tell you why, back is down 17%. Gasoline down a couple of percent. So it’s all over the board, but overall, when you think of a whole basket of things, up very little for the month. 
Michael Montani – ISI Group: And then just thinking about moving forward if you could see any single-digit type inflation on the food side, again, does that translate across the store to something, again, that’s maybe a couple 100 bits less than that just given the other categories? Richard A. Galanti – CFO, EVP and Director:  Not necessarily. First of all, there’s no – when we talk about mid-single digit inflation, I was really talking about things like your expectations that our buyers have for things like meat and poultry and pork, which again, are more in the extreme inflation categories in terms of talking amongst the buyers. Again, Food overall is by no means that level and then, of course, as I mentioned, there’s a few things that are ever so slightly deflation right now like apparel and electronics.  So really there’s no – and I guess the inflation is going to be very, very low single digits this year as we know of today. Life could change tomorrow. 
Michael Montani – ISI Group: And then just maybe for a minute on the competitive set, are you seeing anything that’s noteworthy versus this time last year in terms of how your club competitors are pricing or traditional grocers out there? Richard A. Galanti – CFO, EVP and Director:  Not really. 
Michael Montani – ISI Group: Okay. Just one housekeeping thing is on the FX impact for membership income, I was getting to around the $7 million impact roughly. Does that makes sense to you? Richard A. Galanti – CFO, EVP and Director: I think – hold on a second. I think that’s close. 
Michael Montani – ISI Group: $8 million, okay, great. And then just lastly with the new store openings accelerating and trying to go a bit more international in terms of the mix there, is it possible, Richard, to give us just an understanding a little bit of the pre-opening expense for International versus the U.S. origin and also on the CapEx side, given the step up, is there a way to bucketize that in terms of X amount goes towards IT versus new stores? Richard A. Galanti – CFO, EVP and Director:  You know, it has more to do – International, generally, is more and you know, it could be – and these are, you know, if you were [inaudible], there’s other things put into openings too, like when we add a gas station or we open a depot or a – all those kinds of things. So you know, generally speaking, now remember, this goes back several years, but it used to be like a U.S. warehouse was a million, plus or minus a little and an International, I say International outside of North America might has been as much as 1.5 million or 1.75, but those are guesses. Yes, it’s more in some of those countries but you know, a big chunk of pre-opening is not just the – you can’t just take the pre-opening divided by the number of warehouses and that’s the average for the warehouse because you have a lot of other pre-openings. Every time we add a gas station, that’s’ going to – it’s a new operation. You know, we’ve done it consistently from day one, but there’s a lot of other things in there as well. 
Michael Montani – ISI Group: On the CapEx side as well in terms of the cost for warehouse, domestic versus International? Richard A. Galanti – CFO, EVP and Director:  It’s probably 20 to 30% more on average, sometimes – there will be some wide ranges. I mean, I think we say in the U.S. generally that land, building and site we own is somewhere in the low-to-mid 30s. My guess is overseas it could be in the low-40s on average, but it could range from mid-30s to high-50s, all over the board. But you know, as you know, some of those higher numbers, we can get a better return on investment. 
Michael Montani – ISI Group: And maybe just the last thing if I could ask it is, Affordable Care Act and what you all are hearing right now in doing the prepare for that. Is there anything you can share in terms of the percentage for your employees that would be covered today or the percentage of the coverage that you all provide or anything that would be helpful? Richard A. Galanti – CFO, EVP and Director:  I think we provide as much if not more than anybody else I know in our space, in general retail. All of our employees, both part time and full time are covered. It takes three to six months currently, depending on if you’re part time or full time. Each year for the last two or three years and certainly this year and next year under different parts of the new Healthcare requirements, there’s been some additional input numbers into our expense. You know, one year it’s covering people to 26 years old. One year it’s mental health. One year it’s – I forget the other ones off the top of my head. But at the end of the day, each of these things need to have added an incremental 1 or 1.5% to our already outsized number.  So we don’t think it’s going to have a big impact to us like it may to others but you know, others may do some things that may be less of an impact to them. I don’t know, but it’s fair to say from our perspective, it’s kind of been built into our numbers and we’ve been able to handle it. 
Michael Montani – ISI Group: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you and good luck. Richard A. Galanti – CFO, EVP and Director:  Thank you. 
