Richard Galanti: Well, I think as it relates to a passing on, we've always said we want to be the last to raise the price in the -- first to lower the price, recognizing there's a limit to what you can do based on these cost increases. First and foremost, I think because of our relative purchasing power and our relationships with our vendors, we with our suppliers work to mitigate those increases in any way shape or form we can, Ultimately that may include us taking a little more less markup and maybe then taking a less markup. There's no complete, consistent answer throughout as you might expect. But overall, I think we've done a relatively good job of that and there is inflation in those numbers, those numbers are kind of a combination of our cost increases as well as our some price increases and, again, it fluctuate there. For every few examples of something going up, there may be an example of something flatter, going down a little bit for unrelated reasons. And so again, it's a best guess, it's fluid. We saw inflation starting several months ago in a bigger way, I think, in our fiscal Q4 this summer, and continuing into this fiscal year and as we all have read articles, general articles out there about certain different major consumer product manufacturers announcing increases and continue to do so. So I think it's going to continue, hopefully, we're getting towards the top and it'll start flattening out and subsiding. But we'll see.
Richard Galanti: So I think I'm the last comment, yes, in terms of that last comment you made. Look, I think, at the end of the day, I think we -- in many ways have benefited from market share gains. Hopefully some or most of which will be sticky. The biggest thing that impacts margins many often is not only on the buying power side, and arguably, I can't think of any company that has the buying power per item that we do, because we do roughly $200 billion in sales with 4,000 ish items versus anybody else that's doing it with hundreds of thousands of items, or 50,000 items. But I think that having higher levels of sales productivity, particularly in things like fresh foods, helps your margin. We'll keep some of that and we'll use it to be even more competitive and hopefully, build a bigger model a little bit. But I think that some of it is probably structurally there. But as some famous TV actress said, once it's always thought is always going to be something. And, we'll keep fighting that battle out there. But we feel pretty good about some of the structural things that have occurred that hopefully will help us in the future. But we'll have to wait and see.
Richard Galanti: Yes, look, I think that's hopefully how the storybook goes. It's always going to be something but no, look, we Jokes aside, we feel pretty good about structurally what we've been able to accomplish. And part of that is market share with higher sales levels. And we've not stopped the -- what I'll call the buyer creativity of working with suppliers to figure out how to continue to drive greater value. I can think of 50 examples, but at the end of the day, we're continuing to drive value in lots of ways and whether it's changing packaging, or using our volume, moving certain production to different parts of the world. And to take -- to again to make that moat even a little bigger. So I agree with you that so far, the story that you suggested is playing out, and hopefully it'll continue to play out.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think, again, as you just mentioned, November's comps were a shade under outside expectations, still very good, a couple percentage points different than what we had been enjoying the couple of months prior that. Probably the view is a little bit of that was pulling forward. But even within last month's number, the weeks varied, and overall, we're good. But just when it comes -- when it is reduced a little the next day, it's better than you expected. So I think the one thing that I feel good about is, is our in-stocks. Our senior merchant the other day had indicated in his view is that, his feeling is that we're better and stocked than anybody out there. And I think part of that is the fact of limited selection, that we are an item business, we could put something else in place or something. But we've done a pretty good job. I mean, I had a -- with a little bit of a chuckle at a call just yesterday from a reporter asking about how are we doing on cream cheese. And so I checked and [indiscernible] cream cheese shortage out there and the bagel shops are being challenged. We actually got it as the buyer said, it took a little extra work, but we've got all the cream cheese we need. So I think we've done a good job in merchandising.
Richard Galanti: Oh, by the way, the other thing that Bob just mentioned, that even if certain things head south in some way, shape or form like reduction or lack or elimination of certain stimulus items, supply chain at some point is going to get better. As good as our members are, we could do better if we had more supply of certain of those items. Even in some categories in non-food that are up 20% and 30% plus, the buyers view, we're still running out of stuff, or to do better if we had more. And that's not just us, I mean that's -- it's rains on everybody. But I think some improvement in supply chain will be an offset any other things that are detrimental to that thought.
Richard Galanti: I think more of it is just the leverage of sales growth, frankly. Again, taking out the specific COVID related charges that we talked about, and factors we didn't talk about in terms of separating in the press release was that dollar an hour increase we did in March, and the new one that had a small impact in Q1 because it started 6 weeks ago. But in that regard, there's nothing that stands out in my view. And my guess estimate, I'm looking at my guys here, do you -- it was strong -- strong sales would be the number one factor.
Richard Galanti: I think that's -- the answer is yes. And I think that'll be small methodical increases in that thought over the next several years. I mean, it used to be that we talked about when we had 400 warehouses and the average, I'm making those numbers up. So the average was 180. And now the I think we have an average several years later in the high 200s in the U.S at least. And we have a number of units in the 300 to 400 range. I mean, not the hundreds, but 10s of. And so we're looking for more infill. That we've been doing that and if it was 3 to 5 a year, or 3 to 7 a year, in the last 5 years, is it going to be 5 day a year. Could be I don't have that kind of detail in front of me.
Richard Galanti: One thing that was a little lower was from the increases in food and sundries and some food sundries items in fresh. That had spiked even more, it's still up year-over-year, but it spiked a little, it came down a little bit from where it had been. And then we haven't quantified anything specific beyond that.
Richard Galanti: Look, many of our KS items are of such large volumes. It's not unlike dealing with the comparable large volumes we do in a branded CPG item. And so we're out there, fighting with both of them to try to mitigate those cost increases. KS still grows at a little faster rate than others, but nothing discernible. I think we keep finding new items to do KS with and for a variety of different reasons. And so it continues to drive that brand. But no, I don't think there's a -- we don't see a big difference of how that's changing.
Richard Galanti: It's in the 50% range. Maybe it's slightly higher than that, based on our when we originally bought what's now Costco Logistics, a year and a half ago. We moved over a bunch of volume, we've grown it as well, grown our total base of need. And I think we're slightly above the 50% that we felt we had capacity for at the time. And we certainly have plenty of capacity over the next few years. Mind you, we're spending money on it. Part of our fulfillment and logistics as I think I mentioned on the last quarterly call, within CapEx we had spended $340 million or so on a multi acre million, 1.6 million square foot distribution facility in Southern California. That's for a variety of needs. Some of the -- much of what we bought Innovel acquisition in March or April of 2020, more than 10 million square feet of space around the country, much of its leased. Much of its fine, by the way, but we're not all that was geographically, particularly the big sites, 2 billion square foot sites were an area is where we're stronger relative to where Sears is stronger, or they had most of their business at the time. So we're still spending money on it and upgrading it. But we’re -- again, from a merchandising standpoint, we're very excited about it. And it's helped us grow that business in a big way. And given our small market share of many of those items, particularly on the plant side, we feel there's a lot of growth potential for us.
Richard Galanti: Honestly, I can't. I don't have that detail in front of me. Generally speaking, you've got electronics that like TVs and what have you that are going down in price, maybe a little less this year, because there's less promotions because of shortages. I mean, in every budget meeting every 4 weeks were presented examples of items where we're taking down the price of high volume key items by changing the packaging by moving some aspect of manufacturing to another part of the world. And so I don't have the detail here in front of me for that. Sorry.
Richard Galanti: I will -- somebody is just running out of the room to see if they can grab that sheet. And I'll answer it as soon as they get back if you want to ask another question or move on to the next one. But I'll [indiscernible] gets back.
Richard Galanti: Oh, well, as soon as we know you'll know or the day after. The -- look our cash position is strong. One of the things I pointed out is our CapEx is also increasing in a conscious way, notwithstanding that our cash flow from operations is growing at a quite a stronger rate as well. It's something that we've done 4x in 8 years. We and the shareholders seem to like it when we do it, and so I'm not trying to be cute, but we haven't made that decision at this juncture. It's probably a win not if, but when it'll be -- when we do it.
Richard Galanti: I don't have the exact number, but I'm willing to bet, it's 80% plus. I could be wrong, a little bit, but it contracted. Now recognizing with contracts, we might do 1, 2 and 3 year contracts. So we're still benefiting on 3-year stuff. And then if any little on 2-year stuff, and now gone beyond the benefit of the 1-year stuff, And so it's over two or three year period, but our assumption is, is it'll take less than that time to start to normalize somewhat.
Richard Galanti: But it's -- I think we again, we probably with other large users of freight and containers, have probably done a pretty good job of at least staggering, that not having to do a lot of spot stuff so far.
Richard Galanti: Okay. What they came back with right now is we don't have -- I don't have quickly average ticket changes. But the total spend per executive member compared to a Gold star member is almost 3x.
Richard Galanti: I don't have that detail with me. But generally speaking, tires have picked up as an example of an ancillary business. But the Costco auto program is down because there's a shortage of cars out there. Travel is up not where it was pre it was almost back to where it was pre-COVID. And then delta variant hit. And then it was coming back again and then Omicron hit. So it fluctuates pretty quickly. Omicron though, and I'm trying to think the other things. Food courts have come back. Not I don't think they're quite where they were, but they're almost there. Hearing aids have come back. But still, I think slightly below pre-pandemic. Articles doing great. Pharmacy is doing great, helped, frankly, by the shots. We like other retail pharmacies, providing plenty of vaccines.
Richard Galanti: Well, both in-store and online have picked up. The pickup from things like Instacart for same day fresh skyrocketed during the lock downs in mid to summer, mid to late summer 2020 came down from those peaks, but it's still way above where it was pre-COVID. E-commerce is as you know, because we talk about every quarter is 8% or 9% of our sales on that company. There's $192 billion in sales for the year ended this last August. So that's a lot bigger than it was. 2 years ago, well I think in the last 3 or 4 quarters, the 2 year taxes 100% plus. But notwithstanding that, and part of that is the big and bulky that has helped that number, which we really weren't driving that kind of business in-store anyway. The fact that I think that as we've heard occasionally that notwithstanding some people don't like our mask requirements when we first put them in back in May of 2020, I think overall people felt if I've got to go out I'm going to go out to one place and [indiscernible] stuff. And with taller ceilings and wider aisles and all those things, I got to believe that psychologically that's helped a little bit. At the end of the day, we were all surprised by [indiscernible] March of 2020, we're surprised by the strength in non-foods categories, summer and fall of 2020, much less now -- much the same now. It was because people weren't travelling, and they weren't going to games and concerts, but they were buying things for their home. And we certainly had on top of all the food items, all the other things they could buy for their home. So that was a pleasant surprise to us and that's continued. In terms of other tests, not a whole lot. I mean, we did have that small test in New Mexico with buy online and pick up in store. [Indiscernible] as I mentioned on the call, we have over -- a year from now have over 200 of our U.S warehouses with lockers. In terms of buying online, pick up in store, we're not quite sure about that. We have very busy locations, there's not a lot of room for it. And it doesn't seem to be a lot of people clamoring [indiscernible] or half the people that come in and do that on a few things that we buy online and the lockers, they come in and shop while they're there. And so that's what we want. So beyond that, I don't think -- I think some of the things we're doing that I mentioned briefly about mobile and digital, some of these things everybody else have, we are sometimes late to the game on some of these things. But those are -- should be on that additive to what we do.
Richard Galanti: I don't know exactly. I know that consciously they -- the buyers when they presented the budget meetings or talking about those issues, we are bringing in things early. We certainly have -- you think about it, what we call our depot, our view of distribution system in the U.S was something like 10 million square feet. And we essentially slightly more than double that with the Innovel acquisition, aside from other things that helps us with a little storage if we needed or bringing in things early. Recognizing we start with we are somewhat seasonal, but historically volleys brought things in early anyway. So we've -- whatever it may be, we certainly have the cash, as somebody mentioned earlier, to have some extra billion dollars invested in inventory, even if it hangs around for a little bit. But I think overall, some of our items are still a little later than they would be pre-COVID. But better than they would be if we were not doing as good a job as I think we are doing on forward buying.
Richard Galanti: When I said it was 19 more in the last three quarters of the year, fiscal year, plus the [indiscernible].
Richard Galanti: Sure. I think previous as relates to this year, we had talked about, I think 3.8 to 4.2 quote unquote, now we're saying about four. These numbers are up from the mid threes over the last couple of year, low to mid threes over the last couple of years. In fact, last year's 3.6 included a $340 million or $345 million asset purchase that I mentioned earlier in the Southwest, in Southern California, which is basically a 1.5 million plus square foot facility with lots of acreage to help with our fulfillment as well as our import stuff. And so I think there's, if you said what are the big things take you from the low threes to the low fours over a few years a period, it's more international expansions, which tends to be a little more expensive for location, more expansion, we -- in fiscal '20, we were down to 13 net new units because some delays with COVID. I think we were 20 and 21 and we're going to be 27 net new units this fiscal year. plus five relos, which is -- six relos planned. We might miss that a little bit. But at the end of the day, so there's more warehouses. Clearly more in the whole fulfillment concept, starting with the $1 billion acquisition a year ago of what's now Costco Logistics, starting with adding additional square footage to that, as well as the international things. And even on the distribution side, or what we call our cross stock depots, spending money overseas now in some of these countries to do some of that in a better way. Actually building a mini depot in Hawaii, where we have five locations? Seven, I'm sorry. Seven locations, but huge volume locations. And with a -- so we’ve gotten to the volume and efficiency there that these are good investments. So it's a lot of those things. Mind you, we still spend all in close to a $1 billion a year here in IT.
Richard Galanti: I don't know for the long-term, I think four sounds about right for the next year or two. And if things continue to grow well -- go well and grow well, maybe goes up from there a little bit. But we're not looking to spend it if we don't think we have good things to spend it on just because our cash flow has been exceeding net income plus -- our cash flow has been exceeding regular dividend plus capital expenditures, and the like.
Richard Galanti: I think it's -- I don't have the exact number, but my guess is it's a small low to mid single-digit percentage. What it means though is when back -- going back all the way back to spring of 2020 and there were -- people were hoarding goods. We were going out to additional suppliers to see what we can get recognizing from their perspective, it creates a new relationships, which will honor. You only forward not just for the three months that we [indiscernible]. And so I think there were opportunities to just expand product brands by necessity into some things, and with I think the -- going into last summer and fall with that advent of all the things for the home, both patio furniture and [indiscernible] and barbecue grills and indoor furniture and electronics and gadgets for the kitchen, we took advantage of that and brought in additional items. And so it's more of that than anything. And the treasure hunt, yes. So it's still a small piece, but I think it's -- when I sometimes -- when I go into some retailers, I'm not going to go into any names, but you'll see a shelf half empty or some spaces. First of all, once you put something in there and but at the end of the day, I think our buyers have done a very good job of keeping the warehouses full.
Richard Galanti: You're breaking up entirely during that call. So I heard about every other word, if you want to repeat yourself.
Richard Galanti: From a competitive standpoint, I mean, there's lots of -- everybody is competitive. Again, I think structurally our model allows us to [indiscernible] that. We talked about more pennies per gallon of profit that allows us to do some other things. I think we've got a -- I think we have a lot of levers to pull here. And we feel pretty good that we are able to hold the prices on key items. And to -- I don't really think that we consider the challenge of achieving a margin. We're pretty good at figuring out how to get there, while still being the company we are in terms of competitiveness. So no big changes of what we see out there.
Richard Galanti: Just there's a lot of changes every month, and some things go up and some things go down. But overall, we feel pretty good about it.
Richard Galanti: I think there's still low hanging fruit on the tree here. We've talked about it a little bit, we've done a little bit more targeting than we have ever done, but very little, there is more to come. It was just a year and a half ago, that we hired someone at a relatively senior level in terms of data analytics. But that's not the only thing they're working on. And they're -- that group that he's put together. But so I think those are things that will come over time in the next few years. That's pretty much what I can tell you about that.
Richard Galanti: It's about 50 in the U.S and Canada, which would imply and that's where we have the co-brand cards. And U.S and Canada is about 80% of our company. So the 50 be-comes a 40 if you, rough numbers.
Richard Galanti: Oh, I’m sorry, you can do it on any card, not just co-brand. But in the U.S and Canada it's about 50.
Richard Galanti: I mean, from an argument that things are more costly. On the one hand, maybe it reduces demand overall, on the sense that we're the extreme value proposition that helps us. So who the heck knows. I think I was reading this morning and the paper was -- this is the highest inflation in so many years. Wasn't that long ago, though, 10 plus years ago that regular inflation was 2% or 3% a year. And of course, it's going to be a little more right for a year. But at the end of the day, I think it helps us a little, because of the value proposition that we have.
Richard Galanti: We pretty much have it now in most locations. And I'm speaking of the U.S. and Canada. And I know even across the street in many locations, we've expanded it from originally, two lanes of three or six to three lanes of three or even four lanes of three. So in a four lane area, you could have 12 people checking out. And so my guess is still going to grow a little as we expand existing units to offer a little bit more of it. And it's been a positive.
Richard Galanti: Well, thank you everyone and have a good holiday season and we're around to answer additional questions. Have a good day.
Bob Nelson: It couldn't hurt, it probably helped a little bit. I know historically when there's been some stimulus items out there factors, our view is that we have not been impacted as much as other, but directionally we've been impacted the same. Look, if next year, there's a reduction in stimulus, lord knows what's going to happen with the stock market in general and how people feel about where they -- how they feel financially. That may change a little bit. But I feel -- we feel pretty good around here, that one of the things that we've shown over the years that both in good and bad times, we tend to do well, and good times, because people want to spend more and even in less good times people want to save more. And so I think from a merchandising stem and in tougher times, there's additional products and services that might be willing to sell us for the first time. So in our own perverse way, we sometimes benefit from good and bad and right now we're feeling pretty good about what the future looks like.
Bob Nelson: And as you might expect, they're their suppliers out there. They're saying hey, come January, February, you'll see some more increases. And, again, this is not consistent with what you -- what I've read in general articles in the various business periodicals.
Bob Nelson: [Indiscernible] get to 100? No, just kidding. Look, I think as I mentioned earlier in this and when I speaking, probably the single biggest thing that's helping it right now is, auto renew. As we get more people on a credit card both in the two big co-branded in U.S and Canada. That's a no brainer to help a little bit as we convert people to executive member. And as we, for every 100 new people signing up a slightly higher number of them sign up as executive members, they are more likely to renew. So those things help as well. The thing I mentioned about new warehouses and markets around the world tend to be while they have a very much lower renewal rate in their first year of renewal or a year or two, and then now continue to grow as more people have renewed the prior year. Those are starting -- generally those are starting at higher rates than they were. So all those things help a little bit. I'd like to think it's all the wonderful things we do and the value proposition and but certainly auto renew is probably a good help there.
Bob Nelson: I'm getting a little help here. It's more -- it's probably most is roguery, it's probably most about what how COVID impacted different countries differently. timing wise. I remember a year ago, a year and a half ago, some of the foreign countries did better while we were being locked down, and then later, they got locked down. And so part of it is one of the reasons I think everybody is picked up on the 2-year stack concept. But I think that's as much as anything that that's the reason.
Edward Kelly: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Happy holidays. Richard, I wanted to ask you gross margin [technical difficulty] considered. Any additional thoughts that you can share current quarter [technical difficulty] reason we should expect some incremental [technical difficulty] somewhat similar.
Edward Kelly: Yes, sorry. So I wanted to ask you about the gross margin. As you said, pretty good all things considered, any additional thoughts you can share on the current quarter? Comparisons in the core looks similar I think. Just wondering if there's any reason we should expect any incremental pressure.
Edward Kelly: All right. And then just [indiscernible] for a little bit more big picture just around customer data. I was hoping maybe you could just provide an update on things like personalization. And then media is something that we hear a lot of people talk about, maybe just any thoughts on what you're doing with that opportunity as well.
