Richard A. Galanti: Well, the timing is simply we just decided to do it now. We talked about it and everybody out there asks about it every quarter, but at least 2 or 3x a year when were off-campus as a senior management team we talk about it. We've always felt that our membership fees -- our membership value is greatly -- we continue to greatly enhance it. You all -- many of you know us well long enough ago that we use it in a lot of ways and recognizing all monies are fungible, but the fact of the matter is we're always going to be competitive with or without this. We'll continue to be competitive. This will allow us to continue to be competitive, offer more services and do what we do. So we're -- people ask us about the economy. We're not thrilled about it. We're thrilled that we are performing quite well in terms of shopper frequency and driving sales in the right directions, and we're going to continue to do that. So I'm not trying to be coy, but you guys know who we are. We're going to do what's right to drive our business long term. And now in terms of do we lose members? Recognize this is a -- on the primary membership, this is a 10% increase, a $5 increase on a $50 membership fee that has been $50 for the last 5.5 years and a $10 increase on $100 that has been that way for 7 to 11 years, depending on which country. And so this is not a $5 a month increase, it's a relatively small increase. We recognize with the economy, historically, we have very low fall-off from it. We don't take it lightly. We didn't take it lightly by doing it and when we do it, but we recognize that it's part of what we have done historically over 25 years, doing modest increases in the fee. But every time we've done it, we feel -- and we take a hard look at ourselves, we look at ourselves in the mirror and feel that we have continued to enhance the value of that membership by a lot more than that. And we say that sincerely. Maybe we're fooling ourselves, but we don't think so.
Richard A. Galanti: This is probably the one number that we have most poorly predicted every quarter and every year for 15 years. We got a lot in the pipeline beyond this. Some of the expansion overseas takes longer. All I can tell you is, is that, Craig and -- Jim and Craig's goal and Jeff Brotman's goal is to get that number up. And again, I can't predict whether it's going to be -- whether there's other irons in the fire that might tweak that up a little bit. I try to be as realistic as I can going into the year and perhaps each year being even more realistic. But I -- so again, could it tweak up a little bit? It could. My guess is you're going to see like we did more recently. There's -- again, there's a lot of irons in the fire. I think you're going to see a lot of openings just past the end of this fiscal year into the next year. If Jim were sitting here or Craig was sitting here, their goal would be to get that number into the 25 to 30 range next year. But I can't -- I can only tell you what we've got going on right now in terms of what we feel comfortable that we're going to be opening. I can also assure you that those 3 and the real estate people and the operators are working very hard to speed up that process because we -- there's a lot of locations that we want to open. There's more unpredictability in terms of some of the timing and zoning, particularly in some of these foreign countries. But they're favorable to us opening, it's just it's a longer process. And again, there is more -- there are more irons in the fire now, which will speed up that process hopefully.
Richard A. Galanti: You're including Canada. That number sounds a little high, although you have the numbers in front of you. I don't have those -- that detail in front of me. I'd have to look at it. Clearly, the rate of increase in overseas expansion, and I include in this Canada and international, and the fact that the dollar has weakened has exacerbated it upward a little bit. My guess is, is that to the extent that, that increasing penetration has occurred in the last couple of years, it probably still increases but slows down a little bit. Again, I'm just shooting from the hip there, though.
Richard A. Galanti: In some of these markets like the area -- and around Taipei, Taiwan or Tokyo, one where we've been very successful in the 3 Asian countries and starting off pretty darn well in the 3 locations that we have in Australia, but particularly in those 3 Asian countries, in these 20-million population cities, if you will, we get -- have membership per warehouse off the charts in terms of new sign-ups. And even after they've been open for a few years, I think in Japan, the number of members per warehouse is double our company average, darn near double our company average. And so it has to do -- it's nice when you have 5 locations in a city, the size of these cities. And there's plenty of opportunity to open more locations. And maybe that will come down over time, but there's a -- the per capita grower, that number of population per warehouse is off the charts over there as well.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes, there's a little bit of lag and quite frankly, it's us more than anything. If I looked at the detail, I would say that we're still impacted in the Food court because we're not changing the price of the pizza and the hot dog as an example. You're going to see it in bakery for some of the commodity goods there. Even though, we've seen some reduction in some of the underlying commodity costs at bakery, it's still not back to where it was. And again, I think a couple of fiscal quarters ago, I gave a couple of examples where we're going to hold the price of a 15-pack or whatever of muffins and let the margin dwindle down on it before we take an increase. And we do, ultimately. So, but that's our doing and I don't think it's a dramatically big change of what we've historically done, it's just we have inflation now. But ultimately, you've got to pass the price increases on.
Richard A. Galanti: Well keep in mind, as you might expect, in my view, a couple of years ago when there was starting to be inflation and actually in mid '08, there was a lot of pent-up demand, if you will, on the manufacturing side because retailers are always -- a very light inflation for a number of years. A strong -- your large retailers, the supermarkets, the Wal-Marts, Costcos, were able to push back and so, some of them will stick because there was catching up from prior stuff. Generally, it's all over the board. But generally you'll see it weekly and monthly in things like beef and pork and poultry. And you'll see it in raw materials, where we're buying certain raw materials for our bakery, you'll see it pretty quick. But you're not going to see it all proportional to what you see coming down because not all -- they didn't get all of it on the way up. And even when they got it, some of it was, in my view, pent-up demand. But needless to say, part of -- every one of our buyers' jobs as manufacturers explain why something was going up, they're out there heading back saying okay, let's come down now. And so we're, I think, as good as anybody in pushing that envelope the other way. But it takes some time; anywhere from a few weeks to a few months, depending on the categories. One other comment on that, as an example, when cotton prices were going way up 6, 8, 12 months ago. And I think I mentioned it in one of the calls, in some cases, when you're making 3-, 6-, 9-month commitments on everything from apparel to towels and things like that, there were some manufacturers, many manufacturers overseas, and Asia particularly, were basically saying, you've got to commit to quantity or we can't tell you what the price is because that's how fast the underlying commodity costs of cotton were going up. And in some cases, we and everybody else had to eat some of that as cotton prices or other things have come down. But again, we're turning back faster on average than other comparable full-line retailers in those categories. So do we get hurt? A little bit, but everybody gets hurt.
Richard A. Galanti: Oh, yes. I'm sorry. The -- again, we don't view it as anything to be concerned about. It's -- we're talking about gas inflation. The other piece of gas is gas gallonage is way up. That's also on a low margin business, 8-or-so-hundred basis points, but increasing penetration in gallonage. There's lots of things, different countries, different penetration. I mean we really, as we look at it, and in terms of looking at the core, didn't consider it. It's a little lower than it has been in the last couple of quarters, but we'll keep letting you know what it is. And again, we don't read a lot into that as any trend, either up or down. In terms of the Executive Membership and the increased Reward, it's pretty small. Recognizing that to be at the $500 cap you're at $25,000 of eligible purchases, eligible purchase meaning everything but gas, alcohol and tobacco, and so -- but we're hoping it'll grow. It's well under $10 million of impact a year and we -- but we hope it would grow up, because that means it's driving business.
Richard A. Galanti: There really aren't. There's a few things that go both ways. FX forward contracts in a given quarter can be plus or minus $5 million. Usually it's plus or minus a couple of million dollars. I think that on a year-over-year basis, that variation was closer to the $5 million, frankly. So that's the biggest chunk.
Richard A. Galanti: Well again, who knows? If I can extrapolate with absolute certainty the first month, we'd have -- it'd be flat, a very slight amount of credit. Who knows? I mean, if you -- assuming that there -- in terms of expectations for increases on top of current levels, the buyers generally view that there's not a lot of increases happening right now. In terms of getting price reductions on things, again, LIFO starts with the beginning of this fiscal year on August 29. So the index for the first 4 weeks, our internal 4-week period, was just a few basis points under a base of 100.00, so very slight deflation. Who knows what tomorrow brings to the extent from these levels, from August 29 levels of pricing and costing, that we see some as commodities come down, as we see some price reductions, that would be -- tend towards a credit. I'm shooting from the hip, but my guess is, is that I'd assume right now it's flat and there's no or not a lot of risk it's going to be big inflation and not a lot of risk it's going to be a lot of deflation.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think the thing that continues to surprise us is this continued 4-plus percent frequency number. We certainly appreciate and recognize that gas gallonage comps for us are strong, certainly strong relative to the U.S. consumer and that drives people into our parking lot. We recognize that people are probably eating at home more than they used to. That drives people into our parking lot. And I think those are the issues that -- so we've been somewhat blinded by the fact that we still believe that the -- we know the economies are tough. We are concerned as every one of you are out there every day with the gyrations in the market and the mortgage statistics and the unemployment statistics. We are bucking those trends in terms of driving unit frequency, customer frequency and with a little help from even inflation, dollar increases. So we're working hard to continue to drive that market share and we think we're doing a pretty good job of it. But if you ask us do we feel good about what's going on out there? No, in terms of the economy.
Richard A. Galanti: It doesn't change percentages a lot, because it's every line item. To the extent that our foreign operation is slightly more profitable bottom line, but those that you're talking about, percentages times percentages, I don't think it has a lot of impact on any percentages. Again like this past year, the 3 -- the reported $330 million of earnings, there was, I think, $0.10 in there from that, from just the change in FX. To the extent that we are relatively confident until the spring or we -- and then start to show the other way, and again, who knows? It could be a slight detriment this year, but we don't know.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes. I don't have it in front of me. I know -- I think Hardlines was up, Fresh Foods was down a little and the other 2 I don't have in front of me, I'm sorry. I know overall it was up 2. By the way, one of the things that Jim has mentioned, that less is more. Not from trying -- and we've always tried to convey, give you a lot of color on things. We're trying to wean me off of some of that going forward. Not yet, but -- and so, we'll continue to try to do that. And we'll still give you the same color of what's going on out there, though.
Richard A. Galanti: That's a definite yes to both of those. The fact of the matter is, we do what we do. Really, we don't sit around here being terribly concerned about margin. Keep in mind over the last 10 years, the Executive Membership has hit the margin line for over 100 basis points. Penetration of gasoline, which is easily 700 or 800 basis points lower than the company average margin outside of that, probably 8-plus-hundred, that's gone from 0% 10 or 12 years ago to 8% or 9% or 10% of sales, 9% of sales. So we've hit the margin hard in a lot of ways and our margins are pretty good. So despite us being competitive out there, we're going to do what's right for the company long term. We're going to drive sales, we feel very good about our ability to do that. And again, I'm not trying to -- I am trying to be qualitative because -- but if you ask us, our goal is still to see pretax earnings as a percent of sales improve and get, have a 3 in front of it? Yes.
Richard A. Galanti: Our seasonal sales are good. And we brought in stuff in early. We had stuff out there the last week of August, I think, starting to come in and certainly through in mid-September, so we feel good about seasonal merchandise.
Richard A. Galanti: On the last question, clearly they spend more then they become Executive Members. They spend a lot more. I liken to a TV commercial I saw a long time ago about 2 businessmen at a business lunch and then they both reached for their wallets to pay for the bill and one says, "Let me get it, I get rewards." The fact of the matter, infinity programs work. I don't know completely why, but you talk yourself into it. And so clearly, being an Executive Member, they buy more. I think also, we have gotten better at promoting it and communicating it to the member, both at when they sign up as a new member and as well when they're coming through with a bigger amount of merchandise. And what the cashier can do when they swipe the membership card and they could show them based on their prior year's purchases, they would have behooved them to become an Executive Member. So we do a better job of it. In terms of -- let me tell you the rationale why we kept $100 fee to the last 2 regular increases. When we first did the $100 Executive Membership in the U.S. in 1997, I believe the base membership fee was $40. So it was a $60 deal. At the time that we -- 5 or so years later when we went from $40 to $45 in the base, our view was is there's lots of members out there that if you just took their prior 12 months' purchases, eligible purchases, that how many of them would be at breakeven or above at $55 -- at $50 versus $55? Then the view was at the time, there were about 2 million, 2.5 million members that in theory would benefit based on their prior year's purchases. Now if we even got 10% of them, we'd be happy. And again, I can't tell you if it was 10% or 20% or 15% or 22%, but it was something in those ranges most likely. At the end of the day, we did that again 5 years ago, 5.5 years ago. By the way, what I think has continued to surprise us is the increasing penetration of membership. Aside from that, each of the years succeeding that delta of having in theory another 2 million, 2.5 million members go into that, a bump breakeven calculation and how many of those can we get, I think we do a better job overall of getting them. I think our view at this point is, is the membership fee in the U.S. at Executive has been at $100 for 11 years. I believe 7 or 8 years or 6 or 7 years in Canada. It's a nominal increase based on the period of time that we're talking about. And keep in mind, it's -- the fee relates to the core membership of, in the case of the $100, of the $55, as well as a variety of other services. We have many members that, in our view, that became an Executive Member first to take advantage of one of the 20 or so services that we offer. And even then, they start buying more because they're Executive Members. So the fact of the matter is it does create loyalty. We have never taken the increases lightly. We feel very confident that -- we always assume that you're going to have some conversion delta with regard to somebody saying, "Well, I'll just become a regular member." Some regular member's saying, "Well, do I really need to be a member?" Well, you're talking a very small group. We feel very comfortable about the value of our membership. As you know, historically, when our membership fee structure has been higher than some of our competitors, that's never concerned us from the standpoint that we feel that our membership and the value that we provide our member is a good value. And again, we're not -- we didn't do it arrogantly; we did it thoughtfully and what we believe is modestly, and we'll go forth.
Richard A. Galanti: I haven't looked at it lately because in terms of a breakeven, it's as good a guess as any. It's not 1 million and it's not 5 million, so sure. But again, we haven't looked at it that way since 5 years ago.
Richard A. Galanti: Sure. Look, it's not -- it won't be 0. But the fact of the matter is, as many of those Executive Members that were on the cusp in that theoretical equation spend a lot more today. So many of them have gone up, not down.
Richard A. Galanti: Well if you add '12 and '13 together, it will clearly be more because our expectation at this point is '13 will have more openings than '12.
Richard A. Galanti: I would hope so, but I doubt it given the time line it takes and the efforts. I think we'll be improved in terms of grading down on the scale, but we'll have to wait and see. Again, I don't want to lead you astray. They're working hard to get that up. And there's a lot of irons in the fire, and I'd rather look at it conservatively to start with.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, we -- the sales accelerated in September versus the -- on taking out all the noise of FX and gas inflation, I mean sales accelerated. I mean, when we read everyday about the doom and gloom with consumer sentiment, we see pretty good stuff at our place, but we don't take it lightly. I mean we work hard to have that value up there and it's -- we feel very fortunate, but we're also reminded everyday by Jim and now by Jim and Craig that the key is the value proposition and being out there and being showtime-ready every day and having great stuff. And then one thing I'm very comfortable about is, is that we're doing a great job merchandising right now and we got a lot of good things going on.
Richard A. Galanti: Well you know us, we like to drive sales. And also, when there is inflationary pressures on commodity items, we're not going to just take the price of something up the next Thursday afternoon to get back to the margin. We're going to lag a little bit. And certainly with volatile pricing on bakery, meat, food court, that's part of it as well.
Richard A. Galanti: I don't. I have it handy, but our Securities Council is saying I don't because you can't do it until you publish it to everybody.
Richard A. Galanti: Well first of all, I think historically when everybody's ever asked about if you took the $100 up, what would you take it up? And I said, "Look, who knows?" If you say, "What could you do? You could take it to $105, you could take it to $110." And I think I probably said, "You could take it up more than that, but then you give some of that back because that would be a big increase on a percentage basis versus the quarter." Never was there any giant sensitivity analysis of what should we do here. We priced it based on what we feel. We recognize that some of it relates to the underlying membership which allows you to shop at Costco, some of it relates to the variety of services that are important and valuable that allow you to -- that has allowed to -- afforded to the Executive Member. So I don't want to be too scientific about it. We're retail merchants and we felt that, that was the right price.
Richard A. Galanti: There are currently no plans, but things change. And not tomorrow, 10 years from now, who knows? And I say that because right now, we focus on what we're doing here, recognizing we're a lot newer in other countries and particularly in Asia with our expansion and we'll go from there.
Richard A. Galanti: The only thing that has been pointed out to me in the budget meeting is more related to holiday, a few holiday items like soda pop before July 4 or before Labor Day, things that -- those types of items that supermarkets or Wal-Mart would do 2 or 3 weeks leading up. But overall, the answer would be no.
Richard A. Galanti: Well again, first of all, what we know is what our buyers tell us when we ask them. What we know is when we see the LIFO index as an example, the inventory pool of Food and Sundries year-over-year for all of last year was up 5% or 6%. Now recognizing not all of that translates to the bottom line, some of that causes increased penetration of private label, which are at lower prices. So the LIFO index is not an exact science. It's an exact science of calculating the LIFO index, but it doesn't, it's not an exact, applicable to what we're seeing everywhere. It's a best guess in using that as a measurement. So when I say this on a year-over-year basis, we were still seeing low to mid single. When we ask -- when the buyer -- what we ask the buyer is when do they see price relief. In our Fresh Foods area, our senior merchandise merchants out there said that they expect relief not for 3 to 6 months in some areas simply because of commitments made by the vendor for certain materials or by us. But some things we're seeing already. So again, I think it's on a year-over-year basis, there is still inflation. From the prices today, again in the first 4 weeks, we saw very modest, almost no, but a very modest deflation, almost flat. And hopefully though, over the next 3 to 6 months, from the beginning -- as of the beginning of this fiscal year that just started 5 weeks ago, we will see some modest inflation, but there's no way to know.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I don't have the exact number in front of me. I don't know if we've gone through every department and calculated it, but it's the low 20s. So some of you have seen the chart that I think Jim put up a couple of years ago that said the goal -- and it wasn't defined as 5 or 10 years, but probably somewhere in there the goal would to be in the mid 30s, but maybe up a size 37 with a higher proportion in the Food and Sundries and health and beauty aids and things like that. I think that's a stretch goal. It'll keep going in that direction, but there's no time line. Last fall, we started -- we introduced a variety of things and this is just examples, of canned goods, both fruits and vegetables. We continue to do that. And so there's a lot of nut items and snack items that we've done of late, and we continue to come up with new things. We had shearling boots the last couple of years and some other additional apparel items, men's dress pants on top of the shirts. And so again, I think the trend is that direction. We're not committing to exact number other than when asked -- when Jim talks to the merchants in the different departments over the last year what are your goals over the next 5 or 10 years, you get up to a number that certainly has a 3 in front of it if we continue in that direction, but there's no guarantee of how long it takes to get there.
Richard A. Galanti: I don't know. My guess is it's only 1-month, so let's see what happens next month, frankly. It's good that it was -- had a plus sign in front of it instead of a small minus sign. At the end of the day, I'm sure it's a combination of things, including the timing of MVMs. If you recall a couple of years ago, one of the issues in things like big-ticket items like TVs and at the time laptops, was there were a fewer deals out there to be had in terms of the $300 and $400 off contributions for vendors to drive it. There's been some of that picked up. I think it's a combination of things. I certainly believe that average increased frequency helps. You walk into a Costco, what's the first thing you see? These incredible high-definition TVs with cool stuff on them. So I'm convinced that the fact that our frequency continues to be high we, if it's in front of you, some of the people are going to buy it.
Richard A. Galanti: We don't break it out recognizing U.S. is 72% or 73% of our company, so it's going to -- even if -- it's clear, I would guess, it's lower because where you have a lot -- when you've got newer warehouses, you've got your warehouse that are 1/2, 1.5, 2.5 years old, you're going to drive more frequency. But that may need to be lower.
Richard A. Galanti: I think that in the past when asked the question, and maybe guilty of trying to be helpful, you said one of the reasons. One reason would be -- I think historically, I've talked about the fact that we've always been confident on the loyalty of our member. That the fact that our renewal rates are high, the fact that we would be confident to do so, one argument against it would be the economy. By doing it now does not imply that we believe the economy. In fact, I've just recently, earlier in the conversation said, I would see if you ask senior management around here, their collective view is, is things aren't getting better faster out there. So again, there's no -- I don't think you probably can predict why we did it now versus whatever. This is what we did.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes. I -- we felt pretty good about SG&A, frankly. I mean given our history of -- yes, I did mention -- remember that I mentioned the $0.02 last year, the benefit is a combination of benefit. I believe one of those, that quarterly adjustment of 10 basis points, so that was part of it as well. The fact of the matter is, is that, we, again, we choose not to do some things that might help SG&A. There's nothing new that has helped -- is hurting SG&A more. That's -- we feel pretty good about it. I think if you look at it, we've actually seen the underlying trends, relatively speaking, improve a little bit.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, tenders have not changed. The ongoing trend is more debit and credit for years. Those are both big numbers now. And so they still grow, but grow slightly, but we've seen no trend change in it. The average basket, surprisingly, is up a little. I know inflation helps that a little bit, but the average basket is up a little notwithstanding the fact that the frequency is up. Because people are coming in more frequently to buy food, and my guess is, so you think it would be down a little bit, but actually, it's up a little. So that makes us feel pretty good right now. And again, I think part of that is driving more people in, that the demographic of our members are a little higher end. I'd like to think that some of it are merchandising. And so all those things helped. But in terms of -- we have a little bit of binders on because our numbers have been pretty darn good, the frequency has surprised us all, that this compounding of 4% and 4% and 4% now for 2 or 3 years. And in terms of, we would say trade up to private label, but in terms of trading towards private label, there's still increasing penetration. Nothing like we saw -- and I know I mentioned back in the first half of calendar '09, right after the financial crisis at the end of calendar '08, we saw a higher rate of increase in private label faster. I think I mentioned back then that over a 6-month period, on the Food and Sundries side of our business, we saw like a 300 basis point delta in sales penetration of private label. That was unprecedented. But no, we're not seeing anything like that. It's still continuing upward, but nothing crazy like that.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes, we've never -- clearly it's down because it's 0 now. I said the fact of the matter is, is that at least in September, our majors was up year-over-year, so we are cycling it. And we go forth. I mean Apple has great products, but we're selling a lot of other things right now. There's not a lot I can say about that.
Richard A. Galanti: It's well accepted everywhere. Yes, we have a lot of products over there. The penetration is lower because there's less. At least, say, in the U.S., there's more U.S.-sourced goods than in other foreign countries, but it's very well accepted.
Richard A. Galanti: There's probably no new markets in fiscal -- there will not be any new markets in fiscal '12, through August of '12. Whether it's most likely '13, we will be open in at least one new country in Europe, and by '14, 2 new countries in Europe is our best guess. And all that's subject to change.
Richard A. Galanti: International is more expensive, that doesn't account for all of it. What it partly includes is the expectation that it's going to be a busy fall next year right after the fiscal year-end, so we've got a lot. But again, as I mentioned, we have a lot of irons in the fire. So it's a combination of overseas is more expensive. The assumption is in looking our own budgets that we'll be committing to land and started construction on sites that don't hit '12, but sort of a higher amount of that now versus as compared to a year ago. There's probably an extra of $50 million in IT as we are in the process of our 3-year program, which inevitably goes longer, of modernizing some things and creating a second data center, which we haven't had before. Not a lot of them, I mean it's always a lot of money, but not a lot relative there. So all of those things add up to a little extra.
Richard A. Galanti: I think traffic was about 3.5% to 4%, probably closer to 4%, and so the rest is everything else. Inflation was probably the biggest chunk of it. But keep in mind, frequency was up, though. So that, by definition, brings your average ticket down. We're driving more frequency.
