Richard Galanti: Yes, it's us more than anything. When you look at -- I'm making these exact numbers up. But if you look at our 15 pack of muffins or something that we sold a heck, a lot of those to restaurants and businesses and convenient stores and then selling them in each. And I don't know the price of the top of my head right now. But if there was $5.49 or $4.99 or whatever the x was, you tend to hold off and realize a lower margin for several weeks or a few months and then finally bringing it up to that next level of $0.30 or $0.50 and you get back to your regular margin of that stuff. That's not a competitive issue other than we want to protect the prices to the members who are buying these items. And we feel that overall margins have been quite good and we continue to do that kind of stuff. We really don't see any major competitive issues in our Fresh Foods.
Richard Galanti: Well, it impacts it. It's not as extreme as it used to be. Years ago, we lost a bunch in those weeks and we made some amount in most of the other weeks. We tend to make a little more in those other weeks and you lose some or make a little in those weeks. It's temporal to where it used to be. The big issue here was the comparison year-over-year. We had huge profits in Qs 1 and 2 last year. And I think like this $0.02 delta we talked about here in Q2, I think it was a little over $0.03 in Q1 on a year-over-year basis. So again, it's going to move around. Gas is still a profitable business, a very low margin business, a business as I've mentioned before requires some stomach lining occasionally. But nonetheless, we're getting good frequency. I think that's part of the frequency issue as well. But certainly, when prices spiked for a week or two here, you see some relatively flat numbers, whether it's plus a little bit of profit or minus a little bit of loss. It's not a real big issue. And looking last year, Q3 was not as impactful and it was not as profitable as Qs 1 and 2 I guess.
Richard Galanti: Every spring, historically, over the last six years we have, I can't tell you what we are going to do this time but we generally haven't done anything giant, special or we just increase it methodically and historically and again we'll look kind of what we'll do come the spring. CapEx certainly has been ramped up and will continue and so was cash flow. So it's a high quality problem. One of the issues, I think in a roundabout way, what you are asking is you bought less in Q2 than you bought in Q1 when your cash is going further north. Part of that has to do with, we tend to historically have bought through blackout periods with 75 ones, you have to put those in place before you know anything material about what you are going to report, whether it's monthly sales which is a week and a half before, let's say, week and a half or so before or in the case of the quarterly earnings number, four or five weeks before. Again, I think the high quality problem has been we put a matrix in place, if you will, with how much we're going to buy a different stock prices out there and puts some reasonable numbers above where what existing stock price is. During those four weeks, the stock price then climbs quite a bit. And so a part of it is simply a fact that we lock in a matrix four or five weeks ago based on where the stock price was then. Again, I think it's ebb and flow, and I think the message here and the message that I've gotten in talking with the Board and Jim and Jeff, of course, is that we are certainly continuing to be comfortable buying stock back and you're not going to find us one to make some big announcement that because it went down $3, we bought a lot of extra to-date. We're going to buy more each day when it goes down a little, still buy when it goes up a little and then we get caught in these four or five week 25 ones [ph] when the stock jumps a lot and so that mitigates the amount that we've got as well. But overall, we're still a buyer out there and see where it goes.
Richard Galanti: Well, California was always a little weaker, and I'm pulling these numbers from the air here. But if you looked at it -- of the total U.S. comp in good times a few years ago was I'm making up at six, California was the four. And part of that was we had more cannibalization in California relative to rest of the U.S. at that time as well, now it is a little bit of it. And then, when the economy got hammered, California went down further. So again, using my nomenclature if the spread of California comp versus the rest of the U.S. comp, a few years ago was at 200 basis points delta. There were times at the trough of the economy a couple of years ago where that gap was 4 to 4.5 percentage points. So California, we got hit harder. It's now back in terms of actual comp dollars. So part of that is, you might say the gap is closer to zero now then even two, and part of that is because it was weaker a year or two years ago. So again, trend wise, it's encouraging. We hope it's got some more room. We'll see.
Richard Galanti: I don't have that in front of me. My guess is, if you take out gas, it's probably still a lower gas is an unfair benefit here. But keep in mind, you had a couple of, I would say that it's closer on its way there given where we see comps the last few months.
Richard Galanti: Yes, the biggest promotional support that you see is typically they announce an increase and then they allow you buying at the old price, two weeks, four weeks, six weeks at the old price. And, of course, we take advantage of every one of those. I would assume many retailers do. We probably then hold the price longer than anybody else as well because of that. And so that's the kind of thing you're seeing. I think there has been some pushback by the retailers, not just us as I would imagine, but at the same token, some of it is coming through. When you see underlying commodity costs go up, you see the improved penetration, a little bit extra penetration in private label, and it's funny. When you look at the -- when our merchants show us in the monthly budget meetings that this commodity went up 28%, this one went up 42%, then the average price point went up 2% to 6% on an item, partly is due to raw material, partly it's the pressure we can put and come to bear on manufacturers. Part of it is the pressure, the competitiveness of private label. But ultimately, some of the that has come through. And again, I would expect to see more, not less in the next couple of quarters at least based on what the buyers tell us.
Richard Galanti: In terms of transportation, I'm speaking from a couple of years ago, so at 15% in terms of how -- big or 15% or so in total, what I'll call the freight surcharge that runs through our depot operations, and we've estimated that couple of years ago that every percentage point in that was about $18 million of freight costs in the system, both inbound freight to us from vendors as well as outbound freight from depots to warehouses. My guess, just rounding to the $20 million, most of that is passed on. It's passed on when the buyers are buying and it increases their cost in which they mark up. I would think that the freight is less of a lagging issue than when manufacturer raises their price of the item, we tried to hold it along there. So it's an impact, but it's just a modest trend impact. I don't think that's a big issue here. If anything, those numbers, by the way, are in our margin numbers, it's part of the cost of goods, and we've shown that our margins have been pretty good this last year and this last quarter, year-over-year when -- I can guarantee you, the freight costs within those merchandise sales have gone up in the last 12 weeks year-over-year.
Richard Galanti: Yes, it's hard to guesstimate what the actual point of leverage is. I can tell you that we -- the operators feel confident that in the last couple of years that we, like everybody out there, got a little better. So whatever that threshold was, it was a lower number and I think that's why we've seen things like the payroll percentage improve like they have. With healthcare, it's always something. Some of these increases don't even relate to some of the new changes that are coming over the next couple of years. So that's a challenge. I think now the fact -- to the extent that sales increase includes inflation on like items, clearly that's the good stuff in terms of leveraging SG&A. Again, I'm sorry I can't quantify it anymore, but I think it's going at least in the right direction.
Richard Galanti: A single biggest reason is the average price point of an item going through the front end check out is what $10 to $12. The average item online is just under somewhere in the $375 to $400 range, I'm guessing. So part of that I think is, as economy got worse, I remember it falling in '09 versus '08 from like $425 down to $390 or $380. Couple that with deflation in big ticket electronics items, I think that's more than anything, the economy and the deflationary type items that permeate that site.
Richard Galanti: Again, this is from what I hear at the budget meetings from Tim Rose and others, we tend to be the strictest, not to imply that everybody else is not. Our sense is that some retailers try to get margin where they can. We try to hold it a little bit where we can, and given that we've had some relatively strong margin improvements in other areas, which includes every components. As we changed our electronics returns policy two years ago, we're still seeing some modest increases and improvement in what we call D&D, damage and destroyed, which is the cost of sales to total gross margin. Our shrink numbers got a little better just under one basis point better. Well, a basis point is $8 million, so $5 million or $6 million this year implied. So all of those little things helped too. It has more to do and has less to do with this traditional supermarket items like tin foil and paper goods and cereals, those things we tend to move along. I'm talking more about items within the bakery where you don't want to change prices every week. And so historically what we've always done is if you pick an item that forever it seemed like it was a $5.99, ultimately you're going to take it to $6.49. You are not going to take it to $5.99 to $6.09 to $6.19, sequentially. But once you get there, you're fine but it takes five weeks or 12 weeks or whatever, that's fine. Same thing in the food court, which is not part of Fresh Foods, but with rising prices in cheese and things like that, that's impacting the profitability of pizza. It's not a big deal to the company overall, but all those things impact margins a little bit. We certainly have had strength in our overall margin and feel very comfortable doing that and feel very comfortable that all the metrics are going in the right direction in terms of frequency and little improvement in G&A and the like.
Richard Galanti: Mind you, we're not holding prices on every item in a location. That's what is challenging. It's kind of like in a budget meeting when Barry gets up and talks about sales of this small subcategory or this item was up 30% while your department was up 4%. So what was down and so we hear about that cotton has doubled in price and that tin has gone up. And there are items like tin foil, I believe, that I don't know if it's happened yet but their price increase is coming from all the manufacturers in high-single digits. Well we're not going to sustain that. You've got to pass a chunk of that on. So when I highlight something like bakery -- and frontend, we're not going to change the cost of a slice of pizza until we really have to. We can well afford in that small sub-department to do so. So it's kind of like when you hear that the average price increase out there in the consumer price index was 1.5% or 2%. You think you'll wait and then gas went up 28% and my healthcare costs have gone up whatever high teens and all these other things. So overall, ultimately, you've got to pass on cost increases, but we want to hold in longer and particularly on those business items like the 15 packs of muffins.
Richard Galanti: Well, all the reasons that you would list on a page of why we should or shouldn't do it, you get comfort by the fact that you said, renewal rates and frequency and all that stuff -- and the customer loyalty, all that stuff is fine. We haven't made any decision yet. We will at some point discuss it and you all will be the next to know. The last time we did it was I think May or June in '06. So five years hence would be May or June of this year. I think I shared with someone, you guys on the last call or maybe the previous calls, that back in the middle of '09 at the height of the terrible economy, the trough of the economy where everybody was still feeling very poor from their 401(k) plans and their house values and their job layoffs, all things being equal, and we had very good frequency and loyalty then. And then, that, that was a time that we were thinking about doing and would we, and the view was generally no. There's no rush to do it, we'll do it when we want to do it. And I think I added to that that if you're looking at the next three or four year model, is it likely at some point? Yes, but I can't tell you when. And so we don't really have any indication of that at this time.
Richard Galanti: Well, we've been asked about like the 2% payroll tax benefit that everybody gets. It's kind of like when there was the $300 tax gift from few years, several years ago to the $600 one. Generally, upscale retailers and Costco tended to not feel the benefit of that as much as the lower medium end discounters and the dollar-type stores. The same thing here, we don't really see that as a big impetus for us. Again, as it relates our abilities, I think we have the -- the good news is, is we're most competitive -- we're our own toughest competitor and we recognize we've got to pass on increases, but we're in a pretty good position to be able to delay that for short point in some instances. This is, by no means, the example of late '08 when we took in excess $30 million or so of markdowns on a half dozen or a dozen key items to try to drive business a little. Business is fine. Some of these increases are being passed through and ultimately, you've got to pass them through. In terms of the economy, again, I guess I'll say the same thing that -- and again, none of us here are economists, and we read and listen to the same music you guys listen to. It doesn't seem like anything is causing to get better fast. It doesn't feel like there's another big shoe that's going to drop other than the current thorn is oil prices, and what does that do and how does that impact it. But again, we're adding jobs as we open new units. I think I've read recently that Target is adding a bunch of jobs. And so there's some jobs coming but nothing huge. And this housing concern is still an issue. So we feel confident in our numbers, in our frequency and in our comps and unit comps and everything else, in the face of not terribly exciting expectations about the economy.
Richard Galanti: Well, that's been great. In local currency for a couple of years now, we've been running comps in the mid to high single-digits so compounded for the two years, their economy is strong. A big chunk of their economy, I believe, is natural resources, which have grown up. They did not have any or very nearly any fallout from what happened in the finance and banking, and with subprime issue plenty of thing, they did a lot of that kind of stuff. So it's a pretty good economy out there. So our numbers up there have been quite good. It's very competitive out there. Wal-Mart is huge up there over the last seven or eight years. There's some strong retail competitors like Loblaw’s and others up there. And so Target, I would think we'll do up well there. We like them all to close and just be us, but that's not going to happen - we're doing fine up there.
Richard Galanti: You caught me off guard on that one. I'm just trying to think in top of my head. It's more of the same as I think in a category specific. Apparel has been pretty exciting in terms of vendors that are and not necessarily new people selling us, but really major increases in nice increases and everything from outer wear to shorts and pants to shirts to bathing suits as we start entering that category. So and to kids’ clothes and baby clothes, I'm trying to think what else. There's a lot of electronics stuff coming out to compete with some of the products that are already out there like the iPad and there's 3D is not the most exciting thing but I'm not telling you anything you don't know. The TVs, again, unit sales in TVs overall are pretty good. PCs, there has been a little income I think in the last several weeks with this new chip coming out that delayed some of the new laptops and PCs that the people are waiting for, not big to our company but a little thing there. I can't think of any specifics other than mostly in Fresh Foods, it never ceases to amaze me when the buyers get up in the budget meetings whether it's new bakery items to drive what was the sluggish sale and then it's a good sale. And we're very strong in the meat and protein department. So overall, I think we're doing well and then that's something just -- I can't tell you there's one late great item.
Richard Galanti: First of all, every quarter, you get to see in the Q the segment reporting analysis. We've kind of implied that probably outside of -- we showed U.S. as a separate column and Canada as a separate column and then other international. Within other international, Mexico has actually done quite well despite the economy down there. U.K. has been the toughest one in terms of their economy and our comp sales over there. Asia, there are three countries in which we are in in Asia continue to do quite well. Australia is great, but it's all of one unit. We're have two more this calendar year this summer hopefully and maybe one will fall into early fall, but I think the summer. And so, overall, I would say margins reflect the strength or the weakness. So we're going to drive sales in the U.K. where there are tougher margins and in Asia, they are a little stronger. But there's other metrics that impact the profitability of the countries. On average, benefit expense as a percent of sales is lower everywhere other than the U.S. Labor costs, while relative to local labor costs in those countries, we still pay the best wages for hourly out there. It's a much lower percentage of certain of those countries and somewhat lower percentage in other countries than the U.S. In some cases, there's a little more occupancy like in Asia, but we're driving big sales dollars in Asia too, so that helps. So there's a lot of little things overall, I think the margins outside of the U.S. the pretax return on sales you'll see in those columns is higher than the U.S.
Richard Galanti: For those of you who don't know us for a lot of time, we feel very confident that we're still the most competitive pricing out there and we still have been able to show some margin improvement, but it's a tough business. As we get a little too strong, we're reminded by the powers to be here that we got to make sure that we are fiercely competitive. But we've done that over time. I've seen that in departments. I've seen that in countries where things are really strong and we bring it back a little bit and continue to drive sales and ultimately long-term profitability. So I think Jim summed it up recently in a budget meeting says, we don't have a lot of issues with margin right now. And we don't see that being an issue in the near future. Beyond that we'll see.
Richard Galanti: Actually, I don't have the exact date in front of me. When we look at the small business sales penetration and you got to take gasoline out of there, because gasoline is generally a consumer item even if it's worth a small business. It got hit a little bit in '09. It came back not all the way in '10 and my guess is it's continuing to come back a little bit maybe not being where it was before late '08. But when you look at these, like restaurant business, the restaurants that got hit the hardest, were the business restaurants, the high end steakhouses, not as much as the neighborhood ethnic restaurant or the diner. And those did get hit a little bit did come back though. So that's a very vague answer because I don't have the exact statistics at the tip of my tongue here. But generally speaking, that's the trend we've seen I know over the last couple of years.
Richard Galanti: I think it's really a separate issue. I could tell you that we've got more demand to be in those than we have spaces, and so it works well. They like it and we like it. So again, that's another way for them to give us some competitive monies. It's a vehicle for them to provide some discounts. But, again, we're pretty full in that stuff already in terms of the vendors liking it.
Richard Galanti: Well, I assume so. But again, I'm shooting from the hip here. As you know, we've expanded it in terms of number of days and weeks, but there are various coupons out there. We've expanded the offerings a little bit over time as well. Clearly, as prices go up, there's an opportunity to drive more business of a given item. So again, conceptually, yes, I just am not -- I don't have the numbers specific to that to tell you what different suppliers are doing.
Richard Galanti: There may be a little bit of that. Frankly, I stand by my comment earlier that we're our own toughest competitor historically. And part of it is, which I actually didn't talk about today is the whole area of sustainability. As we take packaging and freight costs out of items, sometimes they are small enough amount that you're not lowering your price point or something that I gave a couple of years, if I remember was just on the plastic container that we sold our four pounds of grapes in. We reduced the height of that container by three or four centimeters, it allowed to get an entire additional line if you will, slip sheet of -- layer of those sell units on the pallet. Just the actual cost of the light number of plastic containers was like $300,000 of savings. Every budget meeting, the buyers, whether it’s going from a round to a square container for peanuts. Just on our cashews, that's another example I remember from last year I shared, just on the one item of cashews that three or four pound container of the cashews, like going from a round to a square container, we've reduced the on a like unit volume the throughput of pallets in our U.S. system by 32,000 pallets and, however, many couple of thousand truckloads. A lot of those freight costs don't necessarily lower the price by $0.08 a unit or something. We don't lower the price on something like that necessarily. So I think the fact that we improved each year, even in the last five years, probably on average 0.5 to 1 basis point of a shrink. The fact that we've had a little bit as a percent of sales slightly lower returns in part because of the change in the electronics policy a few years ago. All those things helped as well, not just pricing.
Richard Galanti: Just penetration of private label. I'm not going to sit here and say that it hasn't happened. But I've got to tell you that's the last thing that buyer looks at because they know they're going to be looked at.
Richard Galanti: Well, I can't tell you what's going to happen next week, much less next quarter other than we feel pretty comfortable about how we're doing right now. We certainly have our confidence level in our renewal rates and our frequency that until it changes won't feel comfortable about it. We feel very comfortable that competitively there are some tough competitors out there, but we're the toughest and I say that feeling very honest about that from what I hear from. The buyers know that they can't get too aggressive on things. And again, we still take the items down and we used to talk about the hot dog and soda for $1.15 and we added the rotisserie chickens to that couple of items and then we added the 35 count I think the half liter water that paid us has gone from $4.39 to $3.55 I think right now maybe still higher now with freight but that was a couple of months ago. So, I kind of look at us as having or taking in either of the two. We are able to have some decent margins and still feel very comfortable. The priority is still going to be the toughest competitor. Keep in mind, again, when you look at the fall of '08, when everything hit we had and I specifically talked about the $30 million or so million of extra markdowns, that's because comps for the first time and close to ever we're approaching zero, and we wanted to reverse that trend. That's not the case right now. So again, overall, I can sit here and tell you it will continue how it's been. But I can tell you that we certainly feel pretty good about how things are going.
Richard Galanti: No, look at the end of the day, we ask ourselves those questions too. We're not going to be everything to everybody. To the extent that trend has occurred in last three or four years, it's occurred in spite of that our frequency is up and our comps are a little better than others in general for such a big retailer as ourselves. We are cognizant of that, but we keep coming and trying to come out with the right merchandise at the right price and we change it. And there's no items that has a lot on its space and we're constantly bringing new things out. Organic would be an example of areas which are growing nicely. Some things work by the way that area and some things don't. And some things we're just waiting for more supply because we could exceed the entire U.S. production of certain given organic items. Now as it relates to Internet, we are always a little behind everybody else? Yes. I think we've saved ourselves from stubbing our toes and some would argue the opposite that we're not looking as hard and fast. I can assure you we are looking, but we want to stay true to the things that we do. We think that, frankly, there's abilities to drive more traffic into the warehouse by using some of the same tools. We recognize we've got one of the largest manual social networks, say the word Costco and people start talking about it. So we're looking at the things, but I don't want to suggest that there's a lot of things coming tomorrow afternoon. I guess it's a question that will be better addressed if and when we see some reduction in some of the things I just mentioned. But we had some people looking at that all the time but we also don't want to veer from what we've seen to be successful.
Richard Galanti: Yes, I can't exactly calculate it. Only I can think some of the offsets to what your premise, and it would be things like the average price point on television downs close to 10% on a much bigger ticket item.
Richard Galanti: Absolutely. My guess is there is some inflation. Now the other thing, and I'm just shooting from the hip here, any increase we might have an inflation on the KS item, but we also have increased unit sales penetration of KS items which typically are 20% plus lower price points. So if I just took every physical item that went through the front end, my guess is, it has a plus sign in front of it, but it's closer to zero than one and that's a guess.
Richard Galanti: A little bit has to do with the year ago, there were some of shortages in some of the flat panels. We've got more SKU selection in TVs that we had a year ago. Probably helped our unit sales of TVs, by the way, and a little of it is, if you're talking about the pendulum swinging in terms of goal of SKU selection, I remember three or four years ago, and the U.S. example of the SKU selection, the SKU goals on average warehouse was probably somewhere around 4,000, 4,050. You turn around, they got up to about 4,200 and then, we brought it down to about 4,000 again. And actually, before the economy got hammered a couple of years ago, on a conscious way we said, let’s bring it down to 3,850 to 3,900. There's got to be if the top 200 items or top roughly 5% of the items are in the mid to high 30% of sales that tells you what the bottom 200 items are. And so, it's a little bit of an art form. But I think that we probably have moved it yet as we got a little too high towards 4,200. We probably got a little too low towards, 3,800, 3,850, but come back a little. If I look at it, again, I think I mentioned about 130 of that 330 was electronics. The rest of it, if you look down about 7 or 8 subdepartments, it was 20 to 40 each.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Again, there has been no indication even on seasonal stuff that we've got any big problems out there. In fact, there has been confidence in the last budget meetings about whether it was patio furniture or getting through outerwear last fall and getting into some of that spring and summer apparel items now.
Richard Galanti: No, there's really not a whole lot to say. Basically, the two of us couldn't figure out how to make both of us happy and we're both out there still selling merchandise, but just different merchandise.
Richard Galanti: Well, again, as I've said in the last couple of quarters, the three existing countries in Asia that where we are, Japan, Korea, and Taiwan. Between those three, and probably over a five year period we are adding on average one or two to the total of three countries a year. We're going to open five in the fourth quarter, which is also I think six for the year in total. So we've stepped it up out there. Australia, again, so far so good but it's one unit. I'm pretty confident that a year from now, we'll say so far so good, but it's only three units. But we'll continue to look there. The only area is -- the fact that I think that we're opening three units in Canada this year implies that we still think that we're not saturated in a country that has 80-plus units. It wasn't that long ago that we felt that as we had 50 going to 60 at some point here we're going to fill the country, and we're happily finding that's not the case. Mike Sinegal who -- don't hold against him that's his dad's gym. But Mike's been here for 24, 25 years since college, and he opened and ran Japan for us and he did spend a couple of early years with Carrefour when Carrefour owned 10% or 20% across Costco years earlier. And he speaks, in addition to English in fluent Japanese. He speaks fluent Spanish and French. And so, he's over there in Europe and there's no promises. But my guess is, in the next two or three years, you'll see us announce, if not open, a unit or two in a couple of countries over there. But RMO, I think we'll continue there as well. It takes us a while to open a few units and make sure we like what we see and we understand all the issues with the distribution and labor hiring and everything else. And so, again, it will be additive, in increasing penetration, if you will. But even this year, with 24 net new units I think averaging 17 of them, 14 in the U.S. and three in Canada are in very predictable, very comparable countries. Seven out of 24 was more than we did in the year before and more than we did the year before that. Well, thank you, everyone, Bob and Jeffrey here as well and appreciate your time.
