Richard Galanti: Well, keep in mind, we invest in price as it’s in our DNA. Certainly, over the last few years, there’s been several buckets, if you will, that we’ve talked about, starting with the credit card transition that afforded us some great savings, some of which we used to invest in price, if you will; next was the what’s occurred generally every five or six years, a fee increase in June of ‘17; and then, of course, the tax reform. And all those things I think have afforded us the ability. So, I don’t know -- it’s not like this one thing, but these monies are fungible. And we are not only investing in price, we’re investing in infrastructure that we would have done anyway, remind you, with the initial successes of two-day and one-day fresh. So, there is a lot going on. And in terms of how we feel competitively, I can tell you, every four weeks when we meet for our daily budget meeting in each of -- the U.S. as an example, each of the -- all regions, including foreign regions, but in the U.S., the eight geographic regions, they do price shops compared to our direct competitors, and we feel very good about those where we stand competitively. As it relates to monies that traditional retailers, whether it’s supermarkets or the other big boxes, look, it works and it helps. But we think it impacts other traditional retailers a lot more than it does to us. I think that we’ve seen as evidenced by our strong traffic numbers and frankly our strong comps in store, we feel pretty good about where we stand on that.
Richard Galanti: Well, doubling down, I guess there’s going be lots of definitions of doubling down. I think, we are; I mean, we certainly are putting a lot of focus on. And I can tell you, within IT, we’ve got a lot of efforts going into fulfillment and sourcing and you name it. But, I think part of our long-term natured DNA is that we’re going to do what we feel comfortable doing and grow it nicely. We’ve got a lot of activities in that area. We’ve added brands; we’ve added some categories. But for us, doubling or tripling 3,000 or 4,000 SKUs to 8,000 or 9,000 is a lot for us. But, there are plenty of opportunities that we’re seeing, not only on adding products but the way we do it. We feel that the one and two-day delivery options that we now offer at frankly better prices and our items were being offered by other third parties before, dramatically better pricing, should help us, should help that process. We’re finding the ability to benefit not only with e-commerce but using online and emails to drive traffic into the warehouse, again with Hot Buys and perhaps in some cases some targeted buys, and online and e-commerce to be able to sell some items that were seasonally in nature that we might only have for 8, 10, 12 weeks, notably, patio furniture and lawn and garden or furniture during the summer. But patio lawn and garden, we generally were in and out of that stuff for 10, 12 weeks. Now, we’re in 52 weeks online and there are some real sales to be had there. So, part of it’s on us to keep that awareness going and improving that awareness. I think we’re doing a better job of it, but we have more to do there.
Richard Galanti: It’s really pretty balanced, I think not only for us but other non-food retailers like Walmart, and Target and certainly Best Buy. Electronics has been strong, and there are some higher price points there in general. Apparel has been helpful to us. So, we’ve had some continued strong results for several years now in apparel, both brand and Kirkland Signature. And we keep trying to put another can in that package. So, I think all those things help. But, it’s more -- I’d say, it’s more broad based than specific.
Richard Galanti: Well, we haven’t yet, but again, every day is a new day. One thing -- we found that when gas prices were going down, some retailers were taking them down as much as they could have, in our view, which is fine with us. We could have gone down a little more, but still were able to make a little. So, that’s helped us and enhanced that value proposition. Generally, when prices go up, same thing, we generally can find where people are more conscious. I know -- I remember, back in the first part of calendar ‘08, when the economy was on fire and gas prices were north of $4 and some were saying it’s going to go to north $5, we saw a big increase in comp gallons. Same thing we’re seeing in the last couple of years; we’ve seen -- we’ve enjoyed a big increase in comp gallons because of that value proposition. It’s hard to say how that impacts our numbers. Our numbers are fortunately pretty good.
Richard Galanti: Well, the big thing is gas. Gas is now low double digit percent of our total sales on a price point that’s 20-plus-percent higher per gallon than a year ago. And while it’s a low-margin business relative to us, the Company, its margins had improved year-over-year. So, on that penetration, that helped us. E-com helped us a little as well.
Richard Galanti: Well, we have a budget that’s -- it’s between 20 and 25. So, I come in at the low 20s, just to be conservative. We’ve got more on plate. If you look at this year, this coming year, it’s like three quarters one quarter U.S. There’s more in the pipeline now internationally, but that pipeline takes longer to get through; it’s longer pipeline. And so, I think you’ll see that change, best guess, in 2020 and 2021. If I was a betting person, over the next five years beyond ‘19, probably some number in the mid-20s is a likely number, but we’ll have to see; that’s subject to change.
Richard Galanti: Well, I mean, the fact that traffic is actually as strong as it’s ever been, we enjoy like a 4.2 [ph] average compounded annual traffic increase for seven years from ‘09 to ‘15. And I know everybody was concerned -- you guys, everybody was concerned when it got down to the low 3s and we’ve enjoyed it back in the 4s now and 4.95 the last couple of months I believe. And so, it’s hard to say, should have been higher than that if e-commerce. We think it’s been a net additive, but it’s hard to say at this point.
Richard Galanti: It’s not mix, no. Electronics margins are generally where they’ve been; there is not a big issue there. It’s gas. You’ve got a business that’s -- what percentage of gas is our business now, 12%, 13%? 12% of our total Company sales is gas on a much different margin structure.
Richard Galanti: Well, it may be mix driven somewhat but keep in mind, there is lots of other things that go into margin. There is ancillary businesses that have high margins -- if you think about pharmacy and optical, their gross margin, which is sales minus cost of sales is a higher gross margin than the 40 to 50 we talked about, because it includes special optometrists and pharmacists. So, it’s kind of like what is the price that customer is buying it all in that. And you’ve got other categories that have -- ancillary categories or services that have higher margins. So, all those things go into the mix.
Richard Galanti: I think it’s been consistently rising, not faster or slower. Keep in mind, there is still new items out there. But, you’ve got a lot of items that start out at 10 and 20, and 30 million. The big items, like toilet paper and water. Yet, we saw a big growth over the last couple of years in water as -- where we brought the price down from $3.49 to $2.99. And just looking down the list of late, the Kirkland Signature 40 cartridge razor blades with a handle, several -- the organic cheeseburger in the food court, fragrances, the KS fragrances, all kinds of beverages.
Richard Galanti: Well, we’ve talked -- in the past we’ve talked -- we mentioned things like jewelry, some limited electronics items like tablets, small sized items as well as handbags, high-end handbags and things. We have expanded it to some additional electronics items. But, it’s still -- we still want to do it our way. We think that these are areas where we’ve been surprised that many people are buying it, because it’s convenient and then, they are going to come by to shop. Not to suggest these are all incremental [ph] member shops, by no means. But while they are in there, are over half of them are not just picking up the item they’re going into the shop. They frankly shop at a higher -- much higher average than the average shop. So, so far so good, and we will see.
Richard Galanti: Well, I mean, the number is right around 5% of sales, I think a shade under -- I’m sorry, a little over 4%. And, look, we’re going to drive it as much as we can. I think, a few months ago when we went from a string of monthly 30 pluses to 23 or something, people were disappointed a little bit out there. We feel very good about it. I think, we’ve shown the last couple of months, I can’t say anything about September, that will be next week, but we’ve seen the numbers that we feel -- look, we have the benefit of having not focused on a lot for many years and now taking advantage of that in a big way. And I mean, the example of some big ticket seasonal items like home furnishings and furniture one part of the year and adding 40 extra weeks of offerings if you will, offering online now, as well as what we’ve done with white goods and the success there. In three years, we’ve grown from $50 million to $500 million in white good sales, which has been helped of course by the brands willing to sell us good high-end stuff and our ability to sell it.
Richard Galanti: It’s really hard to -- no, we don’t want to give out specifics. There have been some of the analysts out there that have done some estimates that are -- seem to be within the range, but it’s fluid. But, the real answer is things can’t change overnight. And what can change is demand for an item, if the price is set to go up 15% or 25%. But, we’ve experienced not dissimilar things. I mean, in Mexico when you got bunch of U.S. sourced goods historically, when the peso to the dollar has changed dramatically from 3 to 8 to 10, and then from 10 to 14 and more recently, the last couple of years from 14 to 18 to 20 range that’ll have a dampening effect on certain products until it has less of a dampening product -- impact. So, it’s really too early to tell.
Richard Galanti: I don’t know. I don’t have that off the top my of head on a cost basis. And this is purely like looking at LIFO indices and not on sales, because some categories have a higher penetration. It’s very small -- it’s slightly inflationary. But I’m talking about capital S in the word slightly.
Richard Galanti: Well, I mean, our DNA is we want to be the last to raise the price and we want to work with any supplier to figure out how to not do that. But ultimately, you can’t eat all these. But, we feel competitively, we’ll keep doing what we do that we’re usually the last to raise the price and the first to lower. And I think, we have, as a company one advantage is, is that we don’t have to sell every brand alternative, every size alternative, and every SKU alternative on given item. And there are times when I think we -- our buying power is in effect -- the octane of that buying power is more than $138 billion of purchasing power. Because it’s much number of limited items and not only brands competing, but also what we know about many of these items because of our private label nature. So, it affords us I think some opportunities that perhaps make it a little easier for us. But nothing…
Richard Galanti: Well, keep in mind first of all that we feel comfortable and we feel that ultimately our auditors feel comfortable. We would have expressed a level of comfort we did in the press release about the time that there’s no misstatements and there is the timeliness [ph] that will be filed on time including the K. The issues had to do with internal user access, so people within IT or contractors. And when somebody who may have had access to something they should have and sometimes that they -- once they should have had that access relieved, it took a little too long to do so. So, the controls weren’t in place. We should have done a better job. We went back as far as we could and looked back as far as we could in some systems, for the entire fiscal year, which is what you want to do and some of the newer systems, there was no look back ability for certain things. I can tell you with all the look backs that we have done and then our outside help has done, has found no issues whatsoever in terms of misstatements or breaches. So, that’s what we can tell you. But, we can’t be more positive that until we release the 10-K. And so, I don’t want to belittle it. We should have -- it should have been fixed it, but it’s -- it was internal to us, not external and we’ll go from there.
Richard Galanti: Well, that is -- that’s pretty good rough math. But keep in mind, one of the issues is the deferred accounting. The U.S. and Canada $5 and $10 fee increases that went into effect June 1st of ‘17, so in effect, I believe that in total, it was $245 million. Well, in the next 12 months, using that number as the example, that’s how much more we have in our checking account. Based on deferred accounting, it takes 23 months to get that into the P&L. And so, part of the increase from Q3 relative -- year-over-year Q3 relative to year-over-year Q4 is you peak in 12-month sense, if you think about it. Somebody who got a $10 increase for the first time, their renewal happen to be in June, that $10 was effectively $0.80 a month for 12 months, right June to May. Somebody who got it 11 months later in May, they paid it for the first time, 11 months after the first person did, that will hit the $0.80 a month for months 12 through 23, rough numbers. So, if you will, in month 12 is when you peak in terms of that -- getting what I’ll call, the full effect of 1/12 of the 270 million -- 245 million as an example.  So, I think a little of it probably has to do with that. I wouldn’t suggest that what used to be a 4% increase became a 5% and there is no 6%, some of that increase is related to that. And some of it of course is related to how many openings we have and when the openings are where we open a very successful unit on these side of Seattle and Redmond a year-and-a-half ago with three other units on these sites including Kirkland and Issaquah, we’re headquartered here and one another. We went from 195,000 members or 65 per building on average, maybe we added another 8,000 or 10,000 over the next year. We’ve reduced the average members, but we added net of cannibalization, 120 to $130 million of extra sales in year one and we’ll grow from there. So, when you do that that changes that growth metric a little bit. Similarly, when we opened in Australia or Asia, we’re afforded huge numbers of new signups in the first year with a lower renewal rate. But nonetheless there have been openings where we’ve had 40,000, 50,000 new members with the company average for all warehouses whose average age is probably in the high-teens, if not in low 20s, an average in the low 60s of warehouse -- of 60-plus-thousand members. So, international impacts it. A few of the LivingSocial things that we’ve done once every year, year or two, all those things have backed that number a little bit. 
Richard Galanti: I would say, -- well, if you take out the benefit of the fee increase and you take out the difference of weeks, my guess has been about the same. I’m guessing we picked up a little from some of the Sam’s closings, the 63 Sam’s closings, we opened up a couple of units less than we did a year ago, and I think proportionately a few less international units. I don’t have that in front of me. So, all those things were tweaking a little bit one way or another. I think overall, the fact that our renewal rates have improved and continue to improve, finally after the impact of the transitions of credit cards in the U.S. and Canada makes us feel pretty good about it.
Richard Galanti: I don’t have that number in front of me. It continues to grow. I believe that in the U.S., our Visa tenders -- total Visa, not just co-branded card, is just -- is approaching 50%, in the high 40s. And it’s probably 55-45 the Costco co-branded Visa. That could be 60-40. I don’t have that number in front of me. But, it continues to grow. We continue to get signups. And I think when somebody sees some of the things we’ve done with some of those monies, talked earlier about investing in price, when you can buy something like a high-end television, that’s already at great value at Costco and then when it’s on MVM or coupon, it’s another 200 bucks off. And then, on top that if you use your Citi Visa card, not only you get a cash card -- and it’s not on every item, but in terms of promotional things that we’ve done over some of the holidays, it’s really worth. And so, those are kinds of things that we’ve used that for.
Richard Galanti: Look, I don’t know, I never went to -- 2016, one, we did a little bit to hurt ourselves when we changed up in the MVMs and greatly reduced the number of promotional days or shopping if you will, and we changed that over a quarter -- over a few months and we got back to where we were. There’s also add-on that the conversion of credit cards where you had a lot of people that were auto renewal on credit card that lost our auto renewal. Any member under the old AmEx program was using it -- a different AmEx card at Costco, whether it was the Delta card or a hotel card, Starwood card, all those things -- some of those became auto renewal. Members opted in to just have auto renewal. Well, when we switched from one card -- one network to another, all those non-cards were bought by the acquirer, all those auto renewals went off. So, I think some of that is tied up into that ‘16 year. I also think that some of the things we’ve done with Buyers’ Picks and Hot Buys and collecting email addresses, again we’re proud of the fact that we’ve greatly increased the number of email addresses we have. Some who look at it, say, why didn’t you do this all along? We did, and we’re not benefiting from that. So, all those things I think have helped us. And hopefully, the norm will continue for a while. But every day is a new day.
Richard Galanti: Well, in terms of when renewal rates or comp slowed a little bit, remember when our shopping frequency had slowed a little bit after this incredible run from ‘09 to ‘15. I remember, at the end of ‘09, when we achieved I think 3.8 or 4.0 frequency up from historical average like 1.7, I was the first to say and remind people, if it’s a lot lower in ‘10, it’s still a good two-year stack because this is not sustainable. And then, for four years, we enjoyed it. But, I think you look at the things that we’ve done merchandising wise, the added brands we have, the better communications tools that we can communicate with our members, and really that low-hanging fruit that we are benefiting from on top of, as one of my colleagues just said, great merchandise at low prices. I mean, there is a lot of new things that we’ve had going on for ourselves. I think that should continue. We still have a lot of buckets here.
Richard Galanti: The e-commerce slowed -- well, we say slowdown, went from a low 30s number to a low to mid 20s number. I’ll through the two-year stack back at you. We feel very good about it. We feel very good about what we’re doing. We think we’ve got a lot of new things to come on and to expand it. And we still have a lot of, if you will, funds in the bucket to drive business in that direction as well. And there are brands that are willing to sell us that historically haven’t. So, all those things help. But, I think the biggest thing is we’re focusing on it. But, we’re focusing in our way. We don’t need to go buy a company and we’re finding out that there is a lot of opportunity for us doing some of the things that we want to do.
Richard Galanti: Look, frequency is up; average sale is up. We know, there is an example when we did fill that we don’t add a lot of new members, we have a lot of loyal members that are shopping a lot more frequently. We know there our success with both -- when we are asked question what are the big two or three things that impact that help our sales, I think generally speaking, we all generally feel it’s our strength in fresh foods, which continues to grow and improve; it’s our gas stations, which gets you in the parking lot; and the executive membership. And we’re doing a better job of now emailing you. And so, I think all those things have helped. But, as our head of our merchandising would say, it’s great merchandise at low prices, and some of these Buyers’ Picks and Hot Buys have helped as well.
Richard Galanti: Instacart and others, third parties like Shipt and others -- and Instacart is the big one. We have good relationships with them. And it’s growing nicely. But, it’s still a pretty small part of our -- we have not discerned any big difference there. When we looked -- and this is anecdotal, not statistically valid, but when we looked at it, you take a group of loyal Costco members and then a group within that group who had like characteristics of average basket to shopping frequency and they’re loyal. And then, you have them -- some of them will start using Instacart, some of them are using to fill in, some of it. They may reduce their annual shops by a few and increase this way several. The key for us though is making sure they still get into Costco occasionally. And so far, we’ve seen a net increase in that but it’s a very strong population and it’s very small size in its entirety at this point.
Richard Galanti: Very little if -- I mean, 50% is us, but not to the warehouses, just us shipping directly from our e-commerce fulfillment centers. Very little is done at the warehouse.
Richard Galanti: Again, we said before, first and foremost, we wanted to get into the facility. And there is certainly in some categories, like white goods and big ticket -- fiscal [ph] ticket items as well, e-commerce is the way to go in a big way, and we certainly benefitted from that. We don’t see e-commerce taking over our brick and mortar. We’ve also tried to figure out how to do some of the e-commerce or delivery related activities that some members want and then we could provide savings too, but doing it our way. So, I think there is still plenty of low-hanging fruit. And, we don’t want to get comfortable at just shopping at Costco online, unless there is not a Costco within 100 miles.
Richard Galanti: Well, first and foremost, it’s warehouses. And to the extent there is few -- more international, couple of more, IT is few-hundred extra. I mean, it’s not extra from the year before but general. We’ve got a chicken plant, which is north of $300 million, a big chunk of that is expended in fiscal ‘19 and we really started spending money. The cheapest money was the acreage; the expensive money is the facility and all the equipment and everything. And the whole fulfillment -- I guess, what’s new would be some things like the chicken plant would be some of the fulfillment activities we have on two-day delivery, and e-commerce, small package e-com where that’ll be a savings frankly to us. But we’re just -- we are doing a lot of those things a lot more manual than we need to do.
Richard Galanti: [Multiple speakers] So, there’s a few extra things. I think, the number would still be in the very high-2s ish, low 3…
Richard Galanti: Well, I think, we’re pleased. Other than a year and a half ago, -- nine months when we changed the number of MVM days in the warehouse which hurt frequency in the warehouse, once we changed that back, the fact that we’ve reduced the number of offerings in an MVM by 20-plus-percent and increased the total value by more than that and by net positive, and it’s definitely working in terms of what we want to get out of it. Remind you also, we’ve taken some of those items -- not every item is that works the same way. Sometimes some items that have been regular to get stale; sometimes we’ve got to shake it up a little bit or change the value proposition; sometimes we take it out of the MVM and do it in the different way with these Hot Buys and Buyers’ Picks. So, I think we’ve in a way added to the arsenal a little bit, and it’s working, but it’s still -- it’ll still evolve some more.
Richard Galanti: Look, on an item given basis, when you have an expensive discretionary item, take like a patio set, I’m just using that as an using example. You’re going to have a less demand probably. Is it going to change? I remind you, there’s a few items on the food side that are going the other way, because this -- examples of pork where something like a third of the U.S. pork goes -- is exported to China; that’s changed. Therefore, pork prices are way down, there’s great savings. That’s creating some opportunities. Same thing with nuts; same thing with soybeans, I believe. I’m just giving you some anecdotal examples. So, you’re going to lose some and win some. How it impacts -- I think everybody feels that tariffs -- people smarter than me don’t like them. And so, it’s probably a small bit negative. Certainly, whatever negative it is, we can weather it better than others.
Richard Galanti: Which is huge compared to the U.S. economy. That’s also new gas stations as well. But I think the comp, it’s got to be in the high singles.
Richard Galanti: Well, new openings are getting up more so than not. And internationally, we’re still adding we can. I think, in the Australia with 10 locations we’ve got 4, maybe 5 with gas; Mexico, we are adding some; Japan, we have a few. U.S. and Canada certainly is more saturated with gas stations. And we would say we’re not going to have one in 117th Street East Drive. But where we can -- generally speaking, where we relocate, we do. A good example in your neck of the woods is where we took the old land, occupied or constrained Hackensack at Costco and moved it to Teterbor, and then turned the Hackensack into business center. Teterbor is I’m guessing here 20,000 square feet larger with all the bells and whistles with the gas station and with a lot better parking, and so, a few here and a few there that way.
Richard Galanti: It continued to grow. And actually, keep in mind, part of that is the fact that it can be use at more places. So, if we get -- whichever of those cards was your top of wallet, you have more potential to use it today than you did before.
Richard Galanti: There is little, if any, expenses, similar to kind of what people said, virtually nothing. So, the weeks are fully allocated. It’s not like if we took an annual expense and divide it by an extra week or had a free week at the end of the year, we don’t. We do it by the number of days and the year, and so nothing there. What was the other part of the question? There was a response for it.
Richard Galanti: In terms of the wage increases related to the tax reform. At the time we did that, we announced it was going to be somewhere between $110 million to $120 million a year.
Richard Galanti: Right. June 11 -- was about three quarters -- it was 12 -- even though Q4 is normally a 16-week quarter, not a 12-week, it was about 12 of the 16 weeks was this.
Richard Galanti: When I look at the list category-wise, electronics year-over-year is higher, by choice. A little of it -- some of it’s volume but a little of it is what you just mentioned. And I think, the last thing is that we currently have increased our inventory levels, particularly in e-commerce and delivery-related items.
Richard Galanti: Who knows? I think we feel good about the royalty and what we’re doing to brand royalty, there’s some things that impacted either little up or little down. It depends on rounding next tenth [ph] or not. When we do one of those -- I think we’ve done four of them now in the last four or five years, like the LivingSocial or anything like that; you’ll get an extra 250,000 members in a 10-day period or 12-day period and would by definition have a lower renewal rate in your hands. So, that hurts you a little bit. And that anniversaries a year later and it helps you a little bit. So, there’s lots of little things like that. But, when we look at the underlying, the rates and I look at -- even taking a country like Australia, which is really 10 locations, its renewal rate, it’s still in the 70s, but it’s relatively new. The average age of those locations is, what, four years-ish, maybe. And I look at the last four years, I only know this because I am going there next week, and its renewal rate has consistently improved for the company in each of the last four years, which is consistent with what we’ve seen in other countries. So, I think the bellwethers are of course U.S. and Canada where we’re mature, the average age of these locations are in the 20s, and so far so good.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Typically, our own internal budgets are $200 million to $300 million above where we come out. I believe this year, we maybe were $100 million above, right at 3 or 3.1, and that includes the beginnings of the chicken plant, so additional things we’re doing with fulfillment. So, I think overall, something in the high 2s or -- I think we’ve graduated from 2.5 to 2.8 range, to 2.8 to 3.1 range.
Richard Galanti: If you had asked me couple of years ago, I would say it’s three years around the road. If you asked me today, it’s probably two to three-year around the road, and I could be wrong by a year further. We do definitely have more in the pipeline. And we have also been surprised by more opportunities in the U.S. that we -- if you go back to 10 plus years ago, some of the cities we’re in today, we would’ve said that we’re not going to go there. There is always -- there is somebody else there already and it’s not that big of a town. But we’re finding success in those examples. So, I think we -- ultimately international -- I don’t know what it is, whether it’s three years or four years from now or two years from now.
Richard Galanti: It can’t give you the latter number. But in terms of ability to get new brands, apparel continues, cosmetics, some specialty food items but those are fewer and further between, sporting goods to some extent. 
Richard Galanti: We don’t disclose how many of our members. It’s increasing dramatically but from a smaller base, because we have tried in the past. As it relates to -- I’m guessing, I know the Executive member is more frequent, more loyal than a Gold Star member. An Executive member with a Citi Visa card comes more often and spends more and is more loyal than that. I would guess that somebody who is using it online, if they come from the warehouse and they are using online in addition to that that’s more loyal than their respective groups of those other things. But, beyond that, when you got somebody that’s just using online, I don’t know off the top of my head. 
Richard Galanti: Well, the two-day delivery is with about seven -- most of that’s e-com fulfillment. There is some additional expenditures in some of the business centers including building a couple of business centers in geographies that will greatly reduce the -- what I will call the outsized UPS fees relative to the current mileage that has to be traveled to give those packages to their customers.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, we’ve raised our entry level wages to $14 and $14.50 in United States in the past year related to tax reform. We give increases at top of the scale every year. Even though our starting wage is 14 to 14.50, an employee who’s been here over number of years can get up into the equivalent of the low -- the mid-40s to the mid-50s on an hourly basis over time, on top of the great health benefits. So, at the end of the day, we feel very good about where we are. Employees starting today on a full time basis, it takes about five years to get the top of scale. And I think our average U.S. hourly wage is in the mid-22s, 22.5 roughly, which we believe dwarfs any other retail or retail type entity out there on a base scale. And I believe that you’ll see more pressure on it. And by the way, there are some geographies around the country, even before we raised to it 14.50, we were already above that. We started at about a tranche or two above that because of necessities. Parts of the Bay Area would be an example.
Richard Galanti: I need to find that out myself. I haven’t seen that since we told people that our average member in the U.S. went from 54 to 52. That was a number years ago.
Richard Galanti: Well, we’re in U.S., Canada, Mexico, UK, Taiwan and Korea. And over the next year and half, I think we have two other countries planned. And it’s growing nicely in other markets. I frankly -- the U.S. e-com business dwarfs the others. And it’s probably had the biggest benefit other than starting off of a very small base, because of where we had taken and combined in line and online buying together two years ago. And I think that we’ve seen a big benefit from that. We’ll do that elsewhere. But, it works.
