Richard Galanti: Well, talking to buyers, we've seen that even during the quarter, we saw a trend towards that 0% versus the 1%. But at the end of the day, we don't -- the buyers are looking out three to six months. They have -- on the fresh food side, commodities-wise, they haven't seen a lot. There are a few things that are up and a few things are down, but no giant trend either way. Look, as you know us for a long time, we want to be the first to lower prices. We're out there pressing our vendors as we seek different commodity components come down and certainly on the non-food side, as we saw shipping costs come down, things like that. And so probably a little more than less, but we'll have to wait and see. We don't know.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Well, happily, I'm able to say that, that's -- you get to figure that one out. At the end of the day, we're -- as you've known for a long time, we're a top line company, we want to drive sales. Certainly, as there's been deflation in certain products, we've seen units go up. I'm looking at one example here just in the last month, $100 million plus of KS net items where sales were flat to down a couple percent, while units were up in the mid-teens, that takes a little more labor to do. But at the end of the day, that's what we want to do. We want to drive people and frequency. I think as long as we see renewal rates continue to do what they do, as long as we see new sign-ups continue to what they do and hopefully continue to get people to convert to Executive as well and constantly driving the best value out there, we'll be in good stead. And so far, we've been able to do that and I think we'll continue to be able to do that.
Richard Galanti: There are so many different moving parts to it. As you've heard me say and I say in the last several years, we want to drive top line first. We're also pragmatic. We want -- we recognize we're a for-profit company and we'll continue to work hard to do both. I wouldn't read much into any number going up a little or down a little, frankly. It fluctuates and there's lots of different components to it.
Richard Galanti: Well, without giving you specific basis points, food and sundries was slightly down, very slightly down. Non-food was actually up. Some of that relates to the fact that we are comparing against last year when we had higher freight costs and trying to drive business and fresh was down a little bit. So nothing Earth-shattering in either of those directions.
Richard Galanti: I think, well, first of all, part of just ancillary in general is a sales penetration issue. Without going into it that the fact that it showed more -- sometimes when you look back over the quarters, they go in opposite directions, the core on core and then the other businesses. And so given that you had higher sales penetration in both and e-com, that helped you, and e-com, we had a lot of strength. We're doing a lot of big and bulky and we're driving that business.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. Well, I always joke I'm up for review so I'm going to say nice things. But at the end of the day, the reality is, we're staying the course. I remember questions were asked 12-plus years ago when Craig became President, and two years later, Jim retired and Craig became CEO and President. And what's -- who can replace Jim? And I think the same questions asked today, who could replace Greg? And it really is a seamless transition. You have somebody retiring that's been here 40-ish years and it's been in the business both on operations and merchandising for a successful number of years in both. And you've got Ron who's coming in, who started when he was 17 at a Price Club in Arizona. And he already has his 40-year gold patch. And again, 30-ish years in operations, a year in real estate traveling in the world and then six or seven years in merchandising. So I think it is pretty seamless. And to see them, the two of them work together over the last two years, almost two years since Ron became President, it's very similar to what I saw during those two years when Craig became President, and then two years later, Jim retired and Craig took on the CEO role as well. And so that's pretty much steady as she goes.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Well, if we were to open the 31 this year, that would be somewhere in the low 20s, the 23, 24 in the U.S. And I recognize a few of those are business centers, which is we continue to add as well as regular -- most of the regular warehouses. And I would say that, yes, I guess the story I'd share with you is six or eight years ago when it was roughly 60-40 or 70-30 U.S.-Canada versus the international -- other international. We were asked, what would it be by today? I'd say, well, by today, it will be 50-50. Well, today, you're asking the same question, it's 60-40 or 70-30 today, what will it be? And I think it will trend that way over time, but we are finding more opportunities in the U.S. Clearly, our average sales volume per location is higher today than we would have expected ourselves thankfully, six, seven years ago, what would it be by now. And we are finding those opportunities. So I view that as good news. We still -- we've got a lot of things going on to drive International, but International will be 6 or 7 units this year. And then opportunity to grow last year, international was -- is 9 or 10 and that's more of a timing issue.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. Well, look, I've always said I think the biggest attribute of value is the lowest price, given quantity and quality of good or service and then certainly add to that the trust that our members have. I think as it relates to specific things like I pointed out, like appliances and even tires, its value. We -- and the -- and having acquired Interval three or four years ago now called Costco Logistics, we're doing a lot of business there. And I think we've gotten a better job of communicating what the value is, not just showing what the price of the exact item is at some of the other big retail competitors on some of these big items. But then you add in delivery, take away the old product used, the installation, delivery, take away the old product for disposition, it’s significant savings. Go do a price check of some of those things compared to our competition, that’s where you’ll see the strength.
Richard Galanti: Right. Well, we're -- first to our business was fixing the foundation. We're in the middle of re-platforming our e-commerce. It's not a big bank where we're going to put the switch one day, we're bringing things over and that's in progress. It was, I think I mentioned last -- probably last quarter, it's a two-year road map on that, and we're halfway through that. And so I'd say very little so far. If we're in the second inning, maybe we're in the third inning now. But we -- a lot of the focus has been on, first of all, making sure doing small improvements. We certainly got the -- on the 5 star rating, it got up north of 4.5 on that, and we're getting better at the site every time. But I think you would see personalization and, first of all, targeting and then personalization more over the next couple of years, honestly. And we're fine with that. We're the first to our business getting the foundation right. And we've made a lot of progress. I didn't spend a lot of time on this call talking about the new things, the enhancements we've made to the mobile site and the e-com site, but we've done a lot.
Richard Galanti: I would say it's a combination of issues. In some countries, I mean, if you look at Korea, Taiwan, where we have whatever, 15 or 16 locations in each country, very successful. It's a little harder to find the next location just from a real estate standpoint. We -- if you look in Japan where we have plenty of future opportunity, we've got 30-plus now. And -- but again, it's a little bit of real estate. If you look at places like China or Spain, one of the challenges is you want -- you like to be able to ideally bring over more than a handful of people from the existing locations in the new one. It's a very hands-on operation. I think one of the things that we felt we mentioned that we had success when we first opened our first unit in Shanghai is we had at least 60, 70 people move there from Taiwan for promotions and for interactions, not just in the office and the buying offices, but even in the key supervisor and manager positions within the warehouse. And so it takes a little longer. And -- but we're working hard at it but it's a very hands-on experience.
Richard Galanti: Average sales. I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I know in fiscal '23, we had something like 25 or so locations that did over $400 million and another 160 or so that did $300 million to $400 million. Those are huge numbers. And certainly, as we get 350-plus and one of them, by the way, they did over 400 did a few million over $600 million. And so generally, when it starts getting -- when it starts having a three in front of it, certainly at $350 million, we want to start looking to see what we can do to cannibalize it, frankly, and to have more growth in that market. And so hopefully, that's our -- one of our bigger problems and challenges that we have more of those each year. So I think that will continue. Again, if I look back five, eight years ago, even assuming whatever inflation number you want to assume, I think we've done a little better than that in terms of the sales volumes. And so that's good news for us that we'll continue to do that. Internationally, again, I'm just looking at the map of where we are. Certainly, we only have four locations in Spain. We've actually added a few on a base of 30-plus in the U.K. We think we have more opportunity in Mexico. In Japan, where we have something in the low 30s, certainly, it's done well there, and there's many more markets and population there that we can go to. Australia is, whatever two-thirds -- a little under two-thirds of the size of Canada where we have 105 or so locations. And in Australia, we have 15. I'm not suggesting we're going to have two-thirds of 105 there anytime soon. It takes us 35-plus years to get there in Canada. But we think that those are the opportunities. It's not like we're looking for a lot of other new countries at this juncture. We've done a few new countries, those single locations like in Sweden and Iceland and Auckland all being somewhat managed buying wise somewhat operationally by host country in the case of Scandinavia by the U.K., in the case of Auckland by Australia.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, it's still very small relative to our company. And the fact is, is that the Costco net sales currently are not in our sales. It's -- we got to commission, so it's kind of like 3P, if you will, 3P sales. And at some juncture, some of their rules -- accounting rules where you can include it in sales based on what risk and what ownership level you have in the items. But at this juncture, those sales, it's more of the market value and just the commission in our number. In terms of how we vet, we do it the same way we vet items. We want items that make sense to provide value, and we have a team that is here that are vetting every -- each and every one of those. I think we're up to about 70 -- about 65 current suppliers on there and we'll certainly have many more as we go forward.
Richard Galanti: I think it's just us. Again, if I look at the -- if you ask the question, what are the variables we would look at, we would want to look at strong renewal rates, strong new sign-ups, strong loyalty, and we have all that. So I think it's a question is, we haven't needed to do it. We like providing extreme value. Certainly, while we've gone a little longer than the average increase, we feel we certainly have driven more value to the membership. So I'll use my standby answer, my answer, it's a question of when, not if. But at this juncture, we feel pretty good about what we're doing.
Richard Galanti: There wasn't a big trend. I think at the end, it was a little lower than the beginning, but not a big trend.
Richard Galanti: Right. The 0% to 1% is from the beginning of the fiscal year. Now it's from -- I'm sorry, the beginning of -- the 0% to 1% is versus a year ago.
Richard Galanti: There's not a lot unusual. I think it gets back to the question of low inflation, which creates a little bit more of a challenge, right? My extreme -- and again, that was a very extreme example I gave you on nuts. But when you had a slight 0% to 2% decline in sales and a 14% increase in units, you got more labor involved, more hours stock of the shelf. I mean that's at the 40,000-foot level. And that's an extreme example. But I think overall, it is sales base. You should also remember, if you remember going back to fiscal '19 and the first part of fiscal '20, before COVID, our SG&A percent was -- for all of ‘19, it was at 10 04. In the first quarter of 2020, it was a 10 34, And for the whole year, it was a 10 04 for both of those two years. And we used to think to ourselves will we ever be able to get it back below 10%. And in 2022, which was the kind of month seven through 18, if you will, that 12-month period after that full fiscal year for us of COVID, we reported an 8 88 for that year. So even at the 9 45 that we just reported, we're still quite a bit lower than we had been historically, a function of a lot of things, including higher sales productivity and all that. So I think we're doing pretty well. I think certainly, that's the challenge. How do we reduce that and how do we manage that? And certainly, the biggest way to manage is driving more sales.
Richard Galanti: Look, I think when we're asked that question, we're fortunate to answer it that we're, first of all, looking at the consumer through somewhat rose-colored glasses here. The we have enjoyed great value. And again, we're convinced it's value. We've got -- I think on the margin, there's a few extra things that we've done. We've improved the site of the website. We've gotten a little better communicating stuff, not completely. But I think overall, it's -- and we've been good merchants. I think the merchants have done a great job of bringing in new stuff. And not being shy when we see an industry category down a lot, that we can still -- if we're driving people in, we've got a better chance of getting them to buy something.
Richard Galanti: Well, I would say, allowing us to get better deals, which means lower prices. But look, I think we -- Kirkland signature (ph) relative to non-gas sales is in the high-20s. And I think it was probably a good year ago when inflation was in the 8 and 9 range, if you will, if you remember. And we talked about that year-over-year, we saw probably the biggest increased penetration of KS at Costco. It was 1, 1.5 percentage points, when historically, it has been 25 basis points to 50 basis points a year. I think we're back to that, but we've maintained that higher level and we're back to seeing smaller increases in penetration every year, but nonetheless still driving that business. But we've got -- yeah. I think that helps with some of the deflationary certainly with KS stuff, we're closer to the supplier. We're not the only -- we're the only customer buying that item and we can drive a little bit more business. So I think it just continues to work that way for us.
Richard Galanti: Some colleague in my room said they're buying gold. But no, that's actually online mostly. But no, I think -- again, I think the traffic thing is the thing that we're happily surprised about that we're continuing to drive people in on an increasing basis. We know we benefited during those, call it those two years, kind of March, April of '20 to March, April of '22, the kind of the two years of COVID, we benefited in many ways from more members and more volumes. And we’ve not only kept it, we’re continuing now to add to those levels, so we feel very fortunate in that regard.
Richard Galanti: One of my colleagues here just mentioned that discretionary merchandise trends are getting a little better. And that’s not only on big ticket but in general, nonfood stuff. I think that corresponds with my comment earlier that we feel good about the seasonal -- how we’ve done seasonally.
Richard Galanti: I think it's slightly -- it's deflationary. It's a little more deflationary in the KS than in the CPG, which drives more value to KS, frankly. But we're seeing some -- our ability to work with our CPG suppliers as well, but just a little stronger ability to do that with KS.
Richard Galanti: And it is, again, a comment in the room here. We've had -- it's allowed us to do some new item introductions on the KS side as well.
Richard Galanti: Generally speaking, if you compare, everybody was always concerned. I remember 10-plus years ago, people would ask you, how are you going after millennials? And then it's how you go after the next gen or whatever, the Gen Zs or whatever? At the end of the day, when we look at the different cohorts, if you just change the names, the curve seems to be about the same in terms of getting new younger members. They buy less, they buy more as they get older into that 40- to 55-year-old sweet spot. I don’t know in terms of renewal rates. I think the rates are – our overall rates are improving so I think we’re probably doing a better job there. Certainly, things like, frankly, auto renewal helped that as well.
Richard Galanti: Frankly, we look at the wages in a vacuum, and we want to do as much as we can for our employees. And certainly, there were several increases starting with the frontline worker premium during the initial year of COVID. We kept half of that in there, which we kept $1 of those $2 now in there, which was like $400 million a year. Again, we've also benefited from stronger sales and productivity so we're able to afford that. But we look at them independently and we'll continue to do that to look at it. To the extent inflationary pressures are down, that means there's probably a little less inflationary pressure on wages. But we give -- over half of our employees are top of scale and they're getting increases irrespective of some of the extra things we talked about every March. And then as you go from a new employee over the first 9,000 or 10,000 hours, you're getting constant increases that are more -- significantly more.
Richard Galanti: I think it can't hurt even with gas prices have come down a little bit. That's top of mind every week when somebody fills up their tank. So those things help. I think I'm sure on a macro basis, that's the case but it's a guess on our part.
Richard Galanti: First of all, our margin range is so much more compacted than traditional retail, different categories of traditional retail. I mean, if you think about it, we have, what, 12%, 13% gross margin, 11%. I'm thinking markup, and in theory, it ranges from 0% to 15%. In reality, it's -- there's very few things that are below 5% and a lot of things hover around the 8% to 12% range. And so I don't think it's as big of an impact to us in terms of those mix changes. And I got to say it's always all saying it's always something. There's always something that hurts you and there's another thing that helps you. And it's a really -- it's a mixture.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, when you look at like at an ROI, the eye on the denominator on an older building is a lower eye (ph). If 10 years ago, the typical building in the United States property equipment and building fixtures, I'm shooting from the hip here, was $30 million to $35 million and now it's $45 million to $50 million. So you've got a different eye. But generally speaking, when we look at the ROI of each of our eight U.S. regions, our two Canadian regions, new units come in, start a little lower and get up there over time. You'll have some outliers because of some units that are 30- and 40-years-old even with eye (ph) increase because we expanded the unit and upgraded it and remodeled it. The fact of the matter is the higher volume is really shine through there. On an international standpoint, we've always, I think, talked about the fact that there's a few different things that the ROIs in some of these other countries tend to be a little higher. The return on sales tends to be even more -- even higher than that in some of these countries because a combination very little related to gross margin, some related to membership fees, some related to wages and some related to benefits, health benefits. U.S. health care costs dwarf every other country that we're in.
Richard Galanti: I think -- well, there's always going to be another country or two we add. You need a certain number. In our view, we've always done it after there's 15 or so warehouses in the country. So that will add to it a little bit. But no, I think some of the increase -- it's kind of like getting up to that asymptotic line when you -- one of the things that drove it in the last few years, one, we've done a better job in the last several years of selling it to you as well as auto renewal. When people come in now or sign up online, they're signing up to they want to put their credit or debit card in there and they can opt in to doing it online -- doing other renewal. So I think those things have pushed it along with us being so wonderful. But I think you'll still see it come up a little bit but probably that rate of increase will slow over time.
Richard Galanti: Thankfully, nothing at all. It's really -- I think what we already talked about was a combination of, as we went into some self-check out over the last several years and then perhaps more recent things that you read about in the paper, we get less impacted by the latter as well. Maybe we saw a couple of basis point delta upward on a very low number of basis points to start with. So we're fortunate in that regard.
Richard Galanti: Yes. On the ancillary line, it's gas and e-com and it's a combination of increased sales penetration and increased margins within those businesses. The thing about gas is I think everybody out there that has gas stations, what we have found is we've been able to see improved profitability not just in the last quarter or two, but over the last few years -- last three to five years, improved profitability in gas because others are making more, and we're allowed to make a little more. When we do our competitive price shops on gas, which we do weekly at every gas stations, we operate with our neighboring competitive gas stations. On the e-comm side, I think driving more sales has helped us in the margins there as well.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. On the wages, while we pointed out – I pointed out on the call, I think there was like four or so basis points in total from those two distinct increases, we do other increases like over half of our employees are top of scale. They get an increase every March that’s significant as well, significant relative to basis points. When you have lower sales figures. I mean, and – the rest of it is all the other lines like energy costs and the like.
Richard Galanti: Well, thank you, Lisa, and thank you, everyone on the call. We’re around to answer questions and have a happy holiday. And I think this is a record time of finishing this call. So enjoy the holidays. Thank you very much.
