Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, I don’t think we’re doing anything dramatically -. we were going to do anything dramatically different. I mean we’re already pretty aggressive on a lot of things. And of course, we’re always trying to drive sales with aggressive value and pricing. Probably the one area which can be a challenge or will be a challenge at some point is fresh. The particular strength in fresh foods for the last several quarters on a year-over-year basis has been the strong fresh has led to higher labor productivity, which is part of the cost component of that if you will manufacturing businesses as well as a lower spoilage or what we call damaged and destroyed in many cases given the strength you’re not throwing away as much stuff at the end of the day or a week, and you’re again be much more productive from a labor efficiency standpoint. At some point, that will subside is my guess. Beyond that, we feel pretty good about our ability to be very competitive and price along that way.
Richard Galanti: Well, SG&A, and then as I mentioned earlier, the COVID related premium wages the $2, that $800 plus million, a piece of that hit margin because of our manufacturing businesses, the labor involved on the manufacturing side, that’s part of cost of sales. And so again, if you looked at those proportions, I think on the $246 million, we said $60 million related to margin hit and $186 million related to SG&A hit. A simple guess would be you could take that type of percentage of these numbers and apply it quarterly may be a little bit more to SG&A than that those percentages. And so, yes, if you looked at the $1.60 billion that we talked about, and we say a little over half, so simple math would suggest a little over half of that should come back. Although, we’ll stop talking about COVID-related expenses too as we’ve now anniversaried it.
Richard Galanti: I – year ago in the third quarter, we’ve pointed out that it helped us. But it’s like it’s – it is gas, it is volatile and the profitability in gas goes up and down dramatically. It’s a meaningful business for us. And as prices go up, we generally make less, which has happened of late. And I think not just for us, but the supermarket chains, the other discount stores that operate chains of gas stations. And so we – again directly try to point that out each time. But there’s no rhyme or reason it can change on a dime.
Richard Galanti: Right. Gas is more than half of all those other things [indiscernible] certainly travel is impacted as you well know right now, probably one of - the food courts, because we’re still not open with seating, essentially [indiscernible] as well. So all those are impacting, but gas is – was the prime mover there. I was looking back at last year, what we call again, what we call warehouse and other businesses, which again gas is a meaning when there are big swings, it tends to be gas is the biggest component of that. A year ago in Q1 versus a year earlier, that’d be Q1 2020 versus 2019. That number I don’t have the detail on gas, but it was 19 basis points to the positive. In Q2 year-over-year, it was 2 to the negative. In Q3, it was 21 to the positive. In Q4 it was 71 to the negative. So you can see it fluctuates. This year in the first quarter, it was 22 to the negative and now 55 to the negative. And again, there’s a lot of components of that number, not just gas, but gas generally tends to be the big mover there.
Richard Galanti: Dollar was – well, I think it’s a strong sales as a percentage of sales actually, I think you’ll find it goes directionally better.
Richard Galanti: I’m looking at core operations for all of fiscal 2020 versus all of fiscal 2019 on an ex gas deflation basis was lower or better by 25 basis points. Again, that’s not – we separate out that below the quarterly stuff or the unusual stuff, the COVID stuff, but the core business was lower or had lower or better SG&A percent by 25 basis points for the entire year. This year in the first two quarters, it was plus 62 and plus 38. So that’s on average 50.
Richard Galanti: No, I think I agree with what you said about last year. This year the first three weeks were a little over a 17 and the last week brought that 17 down to our 13.8.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Maybe I explained it differently each year, but yes, basically the 13.8 reported, what – for the first three weeks was a low 17 and the fourth week caused it to be a 13.8 for the whole four weeks.
Richard Galanti: Well, I can’t speak for others. We’re frankly thrilled with our sales numbers in our and how we’ve done over the course of the last year. As you look at both March and our fiscal third quarter March, this giant step up in sales and traffic and hoarding, if you will, by customers started in week four of February and lasted through about 2.5 weeks into March. So we’ll talk about it specifically when we report March sales, as it relates to the fiscal quarter, which is essentially mid-February to mid-May, I don’t have the exact dates in front of me, but that 12-week period and included not only that tough comparison for those 3, 3.5 weeks, which included week four February and weeks, one, two, and part of three in March, but also when there was a lockdown and offset and that, and kind of late March into April and even early May, we had some very tough compares. And so that’ll make it in our view, all things be equal, an easier comparison. So I think there’s going to be a plus and a minus that probably add up to about even we’ll see. The next challenge of course, will be Q4, which is a mid-May through the end of August. That’s what we enjoyed comps in the 12% to 15% range on an ongoing basis into September, October as well. But for Q4 where we saw a lot of strengths, not only on the food side, but on the non-food side as people are buying things for the home as they weren’t traveling or going to sporting events and the like.
Richard Galanti: You are a little bit, overall I mean our gas gallons year-over-year, I think in was February the quarter and the quarter were down 9% or 10%, which is an improvement – relative improvement. And within that, in some of the regions like in the South, Texas, Florida, you’ve seen a little better improvement.
Richard Galanti: Yes, we made a conscious effort a couple of months ago. I think even on the last quarterly call, we talked a little bit about some of the challenges with port delays both on the farm side of where the merchandise is coming from, as well as the ports along the West Coast of North America in particular and container shortages. So we were front-loading and not everything came in short. So we have frontloaded items that are not seasonal items or frontloaded extra inventory of basics. And so I’m not concerned about that at all.
Richard Galanti: Well, I’d say in the last several months, we’ve seen a little more inflation than we had in part because of some of the container shortages, freight costs are a little higher, there’s some high demand items or product shortages due to supply chain in general, that we want up. When asked on a broad stroke basis on some of these items, what type of inflation we’re seeing, sometimes as much as 2% to 4%, sometimes less than that. And on meat, it’s trended upward in the mid-singles, pork in the high-singles. That’s why bacon, I mentioned bacon and – but we feel good about our competitive ability. We’re – we always want to be the last to raise and the first to lower. And but we feel, again, as you look at our margins, we feel good about where our margins are coming in and our ability to be very competitive out there.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Well, I think again Karen gets back to gas. Gas is a high sales dollar number and the impact to somebody put me on mute please. The impact of gas is both dollars and average price to lower gross margin as well. That’s really the biggest piece of it.
Richard Galanti: Well, I can just, again, without being specific – dollar specific, the biggest dollar impact year-over-year profitability of, if I – when I mentioned these various pluses and minuses was gas.
Richard Galanti: And the combination in it’s a 10%-ish piece of our business, which had a lower gross margin and lower dollar price per gallon. Both of those things would touch to lower sales, lower profits, and that’s impacted.
Richard Galanti: Well, again, travel should improve recognizing how much will reprove we’ll wait to see, but its starting to improve a little bit. Food courts will improve the same thing as we start to put out seating and expand what we offer there. Now when that occurs and how that occurs, we’re not – we’re probably going to do it in certain regions first and go from there. Gas is the big unknown in the big guesstimate of which direction it goes each week. But we’ll, again, try to point that out to you. Here, we’ve seen a – we have seen a period improvement in hearing aid and optical.
Richard Galanti: There is a better efficiencies, although keep in mind, we’ve really grown this thing fast of taking our – some of our existing, not only have these departments grown dramatically in the last year. We were using third parties for a lot of it, and we continue to push more on there and to improve the service, to lower the price. And so I think you should see that should continue to improve, but it was not without its costs to accomplish all that in the last quarter.
Richard Galanti: Well, I don’t think we’re anniversary any of them as soon. It’s just starting to happen in the last month or two. And again, a lot of it has to do in our view. You’ve had a little bit of inflation over the last year with on things like paper goods, because of just a huge demand in the shortages. But in terms of some of the recent things with container shortages and port issues, some supply issues on chips and components of big ticket items as you know cost of Steelers up 50% to 100%. All those things impact that. I think it’s more – if this has happened in the last several months versus a year ago.
Richard Galanti: I can’t off with the notes that I have in front of me. I mean, anecdotally, if you look at what is the cost per container coming over used to be its up 10% to 15%.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think first of all, some of them are ongoing. Kirkland Signature continues to be something that will continue to increase the offerings that we do. There aren’t a giant billion dollar ones, items like that. There’s a handful of items like paper towels and toilet paper and water that are huge. There’s the cake cups and those things that are in the hundreds of millions of dollars, but there’s lots of 20s to 100s out there. And we continue to do that with all kinds of quality, organic packaged food items as well. I think one of the things that we’ve seen from some of our vertical integration starting to pay off, we’ve got the chicken facility at full capacity now. We’ve got a great bakery commissary, we – two years ago, we opened a second meat plant. We’re seeing some improvement from that. We’re also starting to identify items that historically we manufactured in one place, generally the United States, and then shipped all over the world, whether it’s roasting of nuts and cashews. And yes, and doing bringing all that product from where it’s grown to the U.S. for roasting and packaging and shipping out worldwide. We now have a supplier in Asia that is doing all the needs for Asia, Australia, and dramatically we’re able to – or dramatically reduce the price and drive sales and drive bottom line dollars for us. We’re doing that with all kinds of – we’re looking at all kinds of avenues to do that with from paper goods to things like that as well. So I think these are long-term opportunities, but there should be a lot of them over the next several years. Also e-com notwithstanding, our start back in the early 2000s, we like everybody has that’s become more important over the last year in particular, it’s approaching 10% of our business and continue to grow nicely and we’re driving – we’re getting better at doing it and getting more clicks and the like, and that regard. So I think e-commerce and then the big and bulky our acquisition of Innovel last March, all you see now, and we pointed out, I think for the last three fiscal quarters, a 6 or 7 basis point hit to gross margin as it relates to the – it’s like in manufacturing, it’s a service business that goes ultimately back into our cost of sales, what that thing costs. Notwithstanding the fact that that has helped drive sales of big and bulky items. And in fact, lowered the prices to our members on some of those items. So we think that’s as expected, it was going to be earnings dilutive at the operation standpoint for the first couple of years and be fine there, but more as importantly, if not more importantly growing big and bulky as part of our business, we’re seeing big – continued big increases from mattresses to white goods to exercise equipment, notwithstanding the fact that there’s been some shortages in some of those items.
Richard Galanti: I don’t think we’ll be as extreme as the old chicken example from 15 years ago, where we stuck with continue to stay at 499 and figure out ways how to do that. But certainly, we are – we want to be the last, we want to be as sticky as possible and hold off and we’ll wait until our cost has come through the system. But overall, particularly on fresh items, those prices probably change more often than not both at traditional supermarkets, as well as the Costco’s world.
Richard Galanti: And in fact, the other thing I want to mention is, we’re a little unique in terms of our product mix. When you look at it, we’re selling part of our meat business is prime. And those are the types of things where we can get a strong margin for us and show you a greater savings because the markups traditionally on something like that special item, or even higher at traditional retail outlets. So we think overall we’re a good stead in that regard.
Richard Galanti: We’re pretty close. I mean we’re at full production, which is similar. There’s been some puts and tastes. We – as we built it, we decided to put in additional things that we think provide for higher quality product like air chilling and things like that. The COVID expenses certainly have impacted us more than nobody had planned for it. So that of course, should improve over the next year. I think it’s – the feed costs, we’ve been fortunate. Historically, we’ve been – the first year we were fortunate feed costs are coming up a little bit, but we’re also finding that the chickens are growing a little better than we thought. And so all those things add up to we feel pretty good about it.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Some categories are in that 2% to 4% range and some are little, I mentioned are like meat and pork are a little higher than that, produces flat, but I – we don’t do life anymore, but I think if you look at our costs on average, the view is probably flat up 1%, 1.5%, but somewhere in that range that’s I guess.
Richard Galanti: It is coming back, but it’s the same thing I said back in the spring, in the summer when there was some easing of COVID statistics and people were starting to book out for Christmas and even into the winter and spring of 2021, but they did it knowing that there was generally full cancellation capabilities. We’re now seeing, and as you might expect, many of those things were canceled. Now we’re seeing the same thing again. We’ve also – travel department, we’re doing pretty well, relatively speaking on car rentals. And as it relates to travel and hotel bookings, we have added some additional domestic items and Mexico items for the domestic – for the U.S. domestic market as well. Hawaii and Mexico are pretty strong. Again, within the relative framework, there is some four and five star things that we’ve gotten in other parts of the world, which wouldn’t talk to us a few years ago, but so, we’re optimistic it’s going to come back and expected. And we’ve certainly, I think improved our offerings.
Richard Galanti: TV market share, look at the end of the day, some of it’s going to be sticky and some of it’s not. We all personally hope that restaurants will reopen and we’ll all be able to go out and enjoy and socialize that will impact retail food sales at Costco and supermarkets, and the likes to some extent. That being said there are other retail formats, whether it was restaurants and food that have closed for good, apparel retailers, other general merchandise retailers. So in some ways, some of the stickiness unfortunately relates to certain aspects of retail that have closed for good. And some of it will be that they’ve gotten more comfortable buying some of these things from the likes of Costco. I hope we lose some of it to the examples of restaurants and the like, and other stores that were impacted as they can reopen. And – but I’m sure that we will end up keeping a little bit of it as well.
Richard Galanti: Whenever we sign up a member, if you look at our 90% point whatever percent renewal rate in the U.S. and Canada, that includes some 10-year plus members that are 93% or 94% or 5%, and include some members that have in the last two years, that might be mid-70%s to mid-80%s. So you’re always from zero to year one to renewal, it’s going to be a lower rate in year one to year two, it’s a combination of two-year members plus some new one-year members picks that renewal rate up. My guess is some of these new ones again, they’re going to follow that format. The other thing though, is in some cases, we think we’ve gotten new members sometimes in markets where we don’t even operate physical stores, not a lot, but it can’t hurt.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think there has been a step up in the last couple of years, and it’s continued this year. We are building additional fulfillment as we speak fulfillment capability. We’re getting better at it, but so is everybody that’s, I’ve seen this kind of wild growth. In some ways, we think it may be easier for us because of the fewer items. We’re doing the two-day groceries still through our business centers, which works pretty smoothly. So it is a larger percentage of the $3-ish billion we spend every year than it used to be, but certainly the biggest single percentage is still opening new warehouses.
Richard Galanti: In addition to physical capital expenditures, there’s also IT capital expenditures, which is part of our CapEx as well. And there’s a lot of investment in that around everything from e-commerce from mobile app to fulfillment in the like.
Richard Galanti: From the beginning, I used to think about that question 30 years ago. And what we find is, is that we’re always able to, because we’ve got a great employee base and that are hardworking and loyal and know that we care, we as a company are, they are cared about. I think that we feel that we’ve seen over the years, everything from inventory shrink to labor productivity, certainly we measure these things too, but labor productivity, and a lot of it has to do with coming up with ideas many of which are these ideas come from our employees that are on the ground, if you will working in the meat department, figuring out how to be more efficient with pounds per hour, per labor hour. So we’ve always figured out ways, not worried about let’s figure out how to save it, and then we can give it, pass it onto them, let’s pass it on and we’ll get there from an efficiency standpoint. And it seems to have worked for us.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Other things like, we’re now have self-checkout in 60% or 70% of our 558 Costco’s in the U.S. It’ll be on virtually all of them. And we’ll see in another countries as well. That’s the savings that took us awhile to believe part of it and to figure it out, I think we’re on the third format of it, the version of it, but it’s working in our environment the way we want it to, and we see savings there. So we’re constantly figuring those things out. And we attribute a lot of that to many of these good ideas don’t come from the rooms here at the office. They come from the people out on the floor.
Richard Galanti: Yes. I think it was worse last year in Q3 and – but it’s been similar. It’s improving a little right now, but still negative year-over-year. The big delta is as you had gas and quarters where we talked about gas was a big positive. It offset – more than offset some of these other negatives.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think from simple math, we talked about the $246 million for this quarter in total for COVID-related and of that $60 million impacted margin. So $60 million over $246 million, whatever that percentage is a little under 25%. And on an annual basis, we talked about the $1.60 billion a little over half. So just take half of that. And that’s kind of the net improvement or pre-tax improvement in margin from that. But there – I’m sure if there’s other outliers, we’ll explain them to you as we go into each quarter. Some of the things that’s a easy one, because it’s big and we know what we’re doing with it. The unknowns are how quickly will travel come back. Travel is a very high margin, low SG&A business. Food courts, it’ll improve dramatically once we get tables out there everywhere, and that’s not going to happen tomorrow afternoon, but it’s going to happen God willing over the next several months.
Richard Galanti: I feel a little stronger than that, in terms of the positive. I think that on the fresh side, yes. At some point, when you have your tougher year-over-your compares, you’re not going to get those big basis point improvements from spoilage and labor productivity. Now some of it though, at these new levels, you have more productivity. We’re not going to necessarily lose it all. But if it’s a tough compare, you’ll lose a little, you’ll lose some of it. So yes, on some of the other categories, particularly as we increase Kirkland Signature, as we sell certain things within fresh that are specialty items, where we can get a full margin and showed even greater savings in some cases, some of the vertical integration some of the things I mentioned, like the nuts and cashews, these are all little things, but those tend to offset some of those things. I’m not suggesting we’re going to keep it all, but I think that we’re going to do better than people are than the question as a concern about.
Richard Galanti: Thank you. Well, thank you for listening. We’re all here. If you have any additional questions, you know who we are. Have a good afternoon. Thank you, Blenna [ph].
