Richard A. Galanti: I think you'll continue to see that. First of all, you'll certainly continue to see that over the next year in terms of we have a lot of things going on that have all started in the last year, in the last several months as well. And I don't -- it's hard to say exactly. We're in the process of putting our budget together for '13 in detail. But certainly, it's not going to go from up a few this quarter to nothing next quarter. It’ll certainly be for the next few quarters. Whether it increases beyond there, we'll have to see.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes, it's a little of both. It's a little bit of a change in trend. Pricing is the biggest issue -- mind you, in U.S. -- our U.S. operations are roughly 70 -- low 70% of our company in terms of sales and what have you. U.S. health care costs and other related health, medical, dental, vision are higher per employee than any other country. Overall, we have -- hold on one second; I’m just looking at the numbers here. So a, as I mentioned, the trend’s higher. The other thing is, is that this is -- it's just the U.S. health and benefit costs approaching $1 billion. And on this number, at the end of every quarter, you also actuarially look at what's called IBNR, incurred but not reported. In other words, you know based on actuarial history that even though if you -- as of that Sunday night of the quarter end close, for example, you have employees and their dependents, spouses and children, who have gone to the doctor or had a procedure done or a service done, performed, but it hasn't been reported yet to us or the claim hasn't come in. So I call that the big black box because it's an actuarial number. That actually benefited Qs 1 and 2 by a few million dollars and hurt Q3 by $4 million or $5 million. So again, getting a little more detailed, but that alone was a few basis points swing year-over-year. So I think it's a little of both, that claims have gone up. You have a combination of there is inflation in the mid to high single-digit range. You don't have a lot -- you don't have any kind of abnormal increase in participants. The fact that we have, in the last few years, opened fewer warehouses in the U.S. you don't have as many freebies, what I'll call, new employees that are starting. It's a tough economy; not a lot employees have left, and we're out opening a lot of new units. You don’t have a lot of new employees that in the first 3 to 6 months -- they're not eligible for those first 3 to 6 months based on their hiring status. So it's a combination of all those things, but again, a lot of little things just went negative instead of positive in the quarter. I wouldn't read as much into it beyond that.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think different categories are different. I don't know how much more milk people will drink. I think that on apparel and if you want apparel, it's -- and I'm shooting from the hip over here a little bit. If you want apparel, if we can -- if it's enough of a change to get the KS shirt down $1, that's real because you -- people notice that difference. Where it impacts us a little bit is on some things where we have always been known, as you guys know, to hold the price. And I've mentioned on several of the quarters over the last couple of years, when we had huge inflation in cheese, as an example, that impacted the profitability in our food court because we held the price on pizza. Well, good news, it's coming down. So that means we're still holding the price, but we're getting back to perhaps a better margin. And I'm giving you a single data point item but nonetheless, a high-volume item. So those types of things on some of those food commodity items help us in different ways other than driving traffic.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, given that with higher inflation we tend to lag a little because of our nature. I guess, given a little less, that's good for us. But I'd be hesitant to know which way directly it's going to go if you add up all the pieces. Again, I guess it can't hurt and it might help.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I mean, we -- it's hard to answer because we don't -- we kind of give you the aw-shucks answer here. We're just going to invest in price, but it's not something that we look to do forever. We have always felt that you're not -- we're not going to sustain 4% to 5% frequency increases. It's still fluctuating week-to-week, up and down a little bit. I mean, up, but how much up? And we're still feeling pretty good about the fact of where it is. I don't necessarily believe that those 2 things are linked. I would say that one of the things that, in my view, has happened as we've enjoyed 5-or-so percent, 4% to 5% frequency increases now compounding for 3 years running, in my view and taking gasoline out of it, that people -- that just the sure fact that they're coming a little more frequently in our view is, is Fresh Foods. And if they're doing that, there is still a limit to how many TVs they're going to buy, and that extra shop doesn't get the same percentage of extra nonfood discretionary items. So to the extent it comes down a little bit, you have a little bit of offset by the ticket. It may hopefully go on up a little bit. I'm talking of theory here. Who knows? But we feel pretty good about where we are and where we're continuing.
Richard A. Galanti: I don't know exactly, honestly. I still feel very strongly that the margins are the levers that we just -- we choose to control rather than what's going on third party in most instances.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, one reason I went as far out to tell you, mention on the call, what we have planned for the fall is to tell you that next year is starting off stronger in terms of number of openings. And part of that is an investment in additional real estate. We had more people landed in different countries. And one of the comments, I've mentioned, I believe, on these calls, as well as when people have come out or called us, that Craig has indicated -- Craig Jelinek, has indicated a desire to ramp that up a little bit but do it within the controls that we have. So I think that part of it is, is the switch from international to domestic, having a higher percentage international. There's been a longer window to get those open. The pipeline has more in it, and we'll continue. But I think you'll -- this sounds like a broken record, but I can't go beyond talking about the first 4 months of -- or the last 4 months of calendar '12 because it gets a little less exact. But certainly and hopefully that's an indication that we'll see some improvement -- or increase in that number.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, on the latter question, I don't have that detail in front of me. Clearly, it's a lot less. I mean, generally speaking, when we haven't opened -- over the last couple years, when we have not opened a lot of international locations, the number might be a couple of percentage points to the minus or 5 percentage points to the positive, depending on openings. Generally speaking, the fact that our renewal rates improved a little and we're still seeing net increases in our total membership base, you're still getting -- we're still maintaining that. But the big difference is, is when we open -- we opened Huntington Beach, California, and I don't have the specifics, just a week or 2 ago. And needless to say, we've got a lot of units in the greater L.A. market, so a lot of those members are existing members. We're not getting as many new sign-ups, and I don't have the exact number of how many sign-ups we had as of opening day. But it could be 3,000; it could be 8,000. But it's not 30,000 and 40,000 or 50,000, like we've had in the last -- in some of these international openings. When I say, as of opening day, it's the sign-ups that we have during these 6 or 8 or 10 weeks prior to opening when we've got the folding tables and the flags and the balloons out front so people can come by and sign up in advance. I mean, the numbers are just chart-popping in some of these Asian and Australian countries. In terms of gallons comp, our trends -- we again for -- gosh, 6, 8 months ago, we were enjoying some months where the gallons comps were in the 10% range, 8% to 10% range. I believe, of late, it's been in the 3% range, 4% range and again, it's how much -- for how long can we sustain that. The fact that gas prices have actually come down a little bit in most of the country, that swing does make some changes to that number. I think that again, I don't think we can sustain tens. I think I feel confident we can continue to sustain numbers better than the U.S. economy -- or the U.S. gasoline sales overall, which we've done handily, and we'll go from there.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, you look at -- first of all, in terms of our discretionary business, as I think I mentioned, Softlines is up in high single digits. Hardlines is -- x electronics, is in the low single digits; with electronics is lower because majors is down a little bit. And again, this is one person's view with reading the same things, I mean, as you read. Our view is, is notwithstanding our relative sales strength and member sign-ups and renewal rates and all that stuff, we still think it's pretty fragile out there. We are gratified that we can get people in more frequently than we ever have. We believe fervently that, that's related not only to the extreme value proposition but to fresh foods and gas, and so those are things that have driven more people in more frequently. And if we got you walking by the TV or the batteries or the patio set or whatever it might be, there's a chance you might buy it. So we get a little jaded given our relative success out there, but we're not seeing any big risk of a big shoe dropping here, but we're also not seeing anything that's driving it in a big way that's sustainable right now. You look at the housing starts and you look at -- these things are improving slightly, but it's got a long way to go. So we are -- the good news for us, I think, is that notwithstanding -- and this is not a change from our position, we've felt this way for a few years now, that there's nothing that -- there's not a big engine underneath a lot of this. But it is, to our -- to the credit of the activities that with monetary policy and good fortune that we have in the U.S. that things are actually growing a little bit. That's a positive. But it's not like we're not concerned about what's going to happen tomorrow in the economy. That being said, given that we have extreme value proposition that we're in and out of seasons early, we are still -- throughout this last 3 years and continuing, we are aggressive on discretionary items, whether it's patio furniture, which we did well with; apparel, which we are doing well with; patio, we did well with the seasons behind us pretty much. But we can -- in our view, we can afford to be more aggressive even given those concerns in terms of merchandising.
Richard A. Galanti: A little bit, but I wouldn't say that's something that anybody's talked big around here in our budget meetings. I'd have to look at it in more detail. But I can tell you nobody’s mentioned that as being a big reason why we're getting more frequency. I mean, what I hear and what we see is when you’ve got Fresh Foods being whatever, 12%, 13%, 14% of sales and growing nicely. When you’ve got gas driving more people into the parking lot and the percentage of those, that's a much bigger impact than some modest improvement in the pharmacy scripts.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, clearly, some of it's inflation abating; some of it's increased penetration of private label. I think that probably continues a little bit. But again, I use the silly example of cheese coming down. That doesn't affect the price of our pizza because we were, no pun intended, eating that increased cost and having a -- incurring a lower margin. And I think the same thing could be said for some of the raw material products in bakery. So it's not all -- it's a combination of some things that help you a little bit and some things that hurt you a little bit on that. And I guess the last thing is we're always trying to upscale the item and upsize the item.
Richard A. Galanti: First of all, just following up on the last question and my response, the other thing that's impacted that number, at least not year-over-year but from the last quarter or 2, gas prices have come down. And that's in that average ticket, and also FX has impacted it a little bit. So year-over-year on the FX. And getting to the other question, again, I don't want to sound cavalier about it, but our view is, is we're always fiercely competitive. We haven't seen on a cross retail, every type of competitor basis, any big changes of how we have to react. We are always reacting strongly. Certainly, there's always going to be items where, whether it's Wal-Mart or a supermarket chain or Home Depot, for that -- and Lowe's for that matter, where we're going to respond and get down, but -- come down in price. But there's other things that are going the other way. Our -- one of the things that helps us a little bit is specialty items, whether it's high-end nuts or organic items. As we take some of our penetration in anything from ground beef to fresh turkeys to organic milk, our higher-end member, we can a, show a better savings on those items, and there's a little bit more margin protection on those items. So all those -- again, there's 100 different things that are affecting it up and down. I'm not terribly concerned about what you -- the question you asked about how that's going to impact us.
Richard A. Galanti: It really doesn't impact it a lot. Most all things are spread over the extra week. So you have an extra 2% of weeks, if you will, 1 over 52, but it's not like you get a free week of rent. All that stuff -- there's a small amount of depreciation benefit, not enough to move the needle a lot, but the big things, like vacation -- payroll, vacation, health benefits, rental, though we don't have rent on all the 20% of our unit that we lease, utilities, all of those things are -- you have an extra week of those costs in that 53rd week. So if 1 over 52 is the incremental weeks, a shade better than that is what you'll see from that week.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think that they're doing a better job than they were before is what I hear from our operators, to their credit. I think they had a little easier comparison, but I'm not going to take that away from them. On BJ's side, we -- the only thing we've seen is they're still aggressive on openings. They tend to -- in my view, from, again, the last few months of budget meetings, there's not a lot of discussion in our budget meetings about pricing necessarily, but more about their opening new units, and they're intending to open these -- I forget if they're 75,000 or 85,000 square-foot units. So they're continuing to grow. Hold on one second.
Richard A. Galanti: When we do -- Bob has made a point -- good point. When we do our weekly competitive shops and we see those at our budget meeting by region every 4 weeks here, in terms of the delta of competitive like items, commodities, Bounty paper towels, Tide detergent, soda pop, Advil, you name it, from our own pricing versus our competition, we're not seeing any big change in those deltas.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I mean, it's that -- I guess I don't want to be too assertive or aggressive here. When we anniversary that -- the next quarter, you're right, will be the fourth quarter of this anniversary-ing of year-over-year lower core merchandise margins. There's no desire here to drive that in one direction. I mean, we have always -- even during these last few quarters, we've stated that we feel good about our ability to generate margin when we need to and still be very competitive. So again, I can't predict what's going to happen in Q1, but certainly, your comment is a good one.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think 2 things, the price investment that we've talked about. And also, in a couple of those countries, the cannibalization, that's impacted as well a little bit.
Richard A. Galanti: \ Yes, you'll get an extra week of -- it's daily. So that extra week, you'll get an extra week of membership fees.
Richard A. Galanti: Sure. Well, I think, Craig is the best one to ask that question. He, by the way, is in Australia today just looking at new sites with Jim and with Jim Murphy, our Head of International. And the -- Craig said it best. He says his goal is a, not to screw things up. And also, he certainly appreciates the culture of what we do. The things that he's mentioned and that I've noticed as well is a desire to get a few more openings done more quickly. Clearly, his background of 30-plus years in operations, I think, I talked about the fact that certainly, he's focused on some efficiencies in the warehouse. The fact that -- the 8-or-so years, he spent in merchandising, but then handing that baton back to Doug Schutt, who's now in charge of all merchandising. And as Doug’s -- most of his career was spent in merchandising. So I think those are positive things for us. Again, I don't expect to see big changes. I expect to -- again, growth being one of them. I think he's giving Doug and Jay Reighland [ph] under Doug, a little bit more leeway to see what they can do with dotcom. Although don't expect giant changes. I mean, the more significant changes to start with are replatforming and adding a couple of apps. But the focus is going to be on hot merchandise at great prices and making sure we're communicating that to our members.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, the biggest thing on the capital allocation front is going to be hopefully a ramp-up in expansion. And beyond that, we just announced another higher than earnings growth increase, if you will, and looking at history of dividend. And we continue to buy stock back. But the core issue of having a lot of cash, as you just said, isn't going to go away overnight nor do we feel compelled to do it for the wrong reasons. But clearly, we do feel compelled to ramp up expansion and certainly we're doing that.
Richard A. Galanti: That's true -- I think it was 50, 85.7% versus 86.2%, and it's worldwide. So that would imply a bigger increase in the 20% of our company or 18% of our company that's non-U.S. and Canada. Mind you that -- I mean if you go back to the beginning of time in the U.S., if we signed up 100 members in year 1, about 70 renewed in year 2, renewed that first time. And in year 2, you also had another 100 sign-ups. In year 3, the 70 -- that new 100 was 70 in year 3, their first year of renewing. But the 70 from year 2 in their second year of renewing was a higher percentage than 70, let's call it, high 70s maybe. And then of course, over time, when you’ve got a lot of mature members and mature locations, we're up to that 89 number in the U.S. and -- 89-plus number in the U.S. and Canada. Given that we've -- and when you're signing up so many more people in a new market, you also have an even lower than 60 -- 70% rate. I think it's close to the 60% in that first year overseas. But then we're still getting more. I mean, in Asia, I think the average number of members per location is almost double the company average. So we're still adding a lot of people over there, albeit at a -- not only a lower renewal rate. So that's why you see -- that number jumping implies that yes, you're having a bigger improvement overseas, but you started at a lower base overseas, a lower renewal rate.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I'd say no because you're starting lower overseas. If we open a new unit here in the United States, it's not that new. I mean, certainly people know us even in a new state, which there aren't a lot of those anyway. Whereas over there, it's been a little bit of a positive frenzy, and so you're going to get a lot more people coming in to look see; and by definition, more of them not renewing in that first year. But relative to what we've seen over the last several years in those countries, I would say that new units are starting off -- units that are 2 and 3 years old are trending better than the units that we opened 8 or 9 years ago that were in their first, second or third year.
Richard A. Galanti: Markdowns weren't an issue at all relative -- on a year-over-year basis. And the first question I can't answer, just, I’d get shot.
Richard A. Galanti: Yes, well, again, I think we were always the first to go down and we're not -- frankly, we're not really -- I don't think we even price shop whole foods. So I don't think that's been an impact to us. I think, again, where we're getting some margin improvement on lower commodity costs are those items where we held the price. And as I mentioned, in previous quarters, it's hurt us a little bit. The fact that we tend to lag when there's inflation, the fact that there's less inflation is an improvement on that. Again, I think those are – that’s generally been a little better for us than not. But we're still investing in price, and again, it's not completely scientific. We do what we think we need to do, and we think we're driving our business in the right direction. And we're stronger today than we've ever been.
Richard A. Galanti: Our TV sales actually improved throughout the quarter. We are driving bigger TVs; you’re right there. So the average price point of our TVs, I'm looking just at the last 4 weeks of the quarter. I've got some -- a little detail. The sales -- the average selling price per TV was about the same year-over-year, which is even though, there's the inflation so it's all about driving the customer towards a little bit higher screens. I mean, we're doing 60s, 70s and even 80s now out there, as well as the smaller ones. And the second question; I'm sorry.
Richard A. Galanti: I haven't yet, and what I know is what you know based on what I think I even read yesterday talking about that. We haven't seen the big promotional stuff like $300 or $400 off on a TV in our MVMs for a few years, and that went to nothing for a while and then to something. And I'd say it's still something, but not as good as it was a few years ago and not as bad as 0. So not a big change yet. And part of that, I think, is that we've gone -- we've tried to drive the TV in towards the bigger sizes where there is perhaps a little better.
Richard A. Galanti: I mean, that's a hard question to answer. I can tell you that, again, when we attend the monthly budget meetings and the merchants get up and talk, they still are coming up with new stuff. I mean, I look at something like bakery, which, a few years back, after years and years of great growth, was kind of slowing. Well, guess what, Sue McConnaha, our VP of bakery operations and longtime employee of Costco, and her staff, they came up with a lot of new items, and what we're doing now in that area is there's a lot of in and out items during the year, whether it's the red velvet cake or the cupcakes, not just having the same old great giant chocolate cake and apple pie. And it's specialty breads, artisan bread. So I think we've -- we do what -- we do well what we do in terms of being merchants and mixing it up a little bit. So I think there's still -- I still get -- I still feel pretty confident when I hear the presentations from the various merchandising categories, particularly on the Fresh Foods side, that we've got a lot of good things going on, whether it's specialty items, high-end commodity items from around the world, organic items, things that separate us from our competition and continue to drive our business in the right direction. The challenge is always going to be on the nonfood side. And I think, we've -- again, I look at things like apparel where we've driven more business, you see more presentation out there. So we've got good comps in that. We're always trying to drive the nonfood side because we know we got you in to get the chicken and the paper towels. And how can we get you to buy some more of those things? And so it’s that ongoing focus for treasure hunt and that ongoing focus for those specialty items. And so I feel, again, it's a qualitative answer, but we feel pretty good that there's – we’ve still got a lot of runway but that's partly because Craig is -- and Doug are pushing that with the buyers.
Richard A. Galanti: We -- Bob is helping me here with this answer. We don't -- it did happen, but we haven't really quantified it. It's probably not as big of an impact. Certainly, we're in 42 states so we’re across the country. Certainly -- I mean, what always surprises me that it could be raining and we're bringing out patio furniture at the end of December, the 26th and all through January and it's selling like heck because -- it's selling well because people – it’s a great deal and people know if they don't buy it, they may not get it. So I think we're a little bit of an unusual animal as it relates to some of the weather impacts. Even seasonal apparel, we're bringing it in a month or 2 earlier than typically a traditional retailer on those areas would be. So we don't see as much -- in my view, we don't see as much of an impact of weather even in a geographically discreet area.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, we know -- it's hard to say. We know that when gas spikes, it helps our frequency. And when gas subsides, it hurts -- or doesn't help it anymore, the frequency. We know that every person that comes in the gas station, about 30% of them do come into shop that same day. Whether they came to shop or to do gas, who knows? But it's got to be a positive. And again, I can't tell you more than that.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think if you look at this year, 16 of 10 in the U.S. and 6 elsewhere, I would've guessed it was 50-50. I don't have the original budget in front of me. Part of that is, is they do take longer and when they run into a little snag, it's more than a month, a little snag. But again, going forward, I would say the trend will go from 6 out of 16 this year, whatever percentage that is...
Richard A. Galanti: 37%. I think it'll be 50-50 or close to that next year and a little – or close to that and then higher than that in the year following. But -- and that's based on what's in the pipeline now and the fact that, certainly, these countries are less saturated than the U.S.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, our activity in those 3 countries started sooner, and so there's more in the pipeline, so sure. But again, I can't predict exactly how quickly, but yes. And as I mentioned, the guys are over in Australia for the last 2 days looking at a bunch of sites, so I'd throw that in the pipeline recognizing there's only 3 in there right now.
Richard A. Galanti: No, no, no. There's 3 Australian locations already open, and I'm sure that'll be ramped up given that we're looking at a lot of sites. The same thing with Asia. There's -- I was just trying to get to that page, hold on. We ended this fiscal year with, hold on, 30 locations between the 3 countries. And my guess is we'll have gone in those 3 countries from opening 2 or 3 a year, in the total, a couple of years ago to having opened 8 this fiscal year, if all goes as planned. And I would say, easily more than 8 over the next couple years. So the trend is in the right direction in that regard. But again, they take a little longer too. But we've -- as I mentioned earlier, we have ramped up our expansion, our real estate, personnel efforts and so we've got more in the pipeline.
Richard A. Galanti: Okay. Well, the first question, the biggest thing in the last few months has been holiday shifts, like Easter, Mother's Day, even. Those things shift a week or 2 weeks and it wreaks havoc with our comparisons of traffic and volume. They're a bit -- a little bit geographically and weather, but nothing to -- that's usually in one region where -- if southern California had huge rainstorms for a few days, that's going to impact a 2-week period down there, minus and plus. In the U.K., it's come off of -- it has been -- its comps in local currency for a few years have been pretty tough for us, flat to up a little, and they're up a little better than that right now.
Richard A. Galanti: I don't think it changes the timeline. If anything, and given that we'll be using dollars to convert into different currencies, it's actually a little less expensive. I guess the question is it’s a little bit expensive because you're also going to be there. The economy's tough right now. If anything, it's making it a little easier for us, but I don't think it's beating anything up for us. And again, as our history has shown, don't expect us to go into any country and have 10 locations in operation 2 years out. We'll open a unit or 2 in the first couple years and go from there and see how it goes. And so we have a lot of patience in that regard.
Richard A. Galanti: That's it on our side. Bob and Jeff and I are around to answer any additional follow-up questions. Thank you very much. Have a good day.
