Richard Galanti: Well, I think as we talked about even the last 12 weeks ago, in the quarterly numbers, we've seen some weakness in what I'll call big-ticket discretionary items. I'm not an economist, but I think it's a combination of the economy and concerns out there as well as particularly strong numbers that we enjoyed not only a year ago but a year prior to that with COVID that we, of course, benefited in big ways with those big-ticket items. So all those things, I think, reflect that in those numbers. There's just a couple of weeks in a couple of regions where we started to set out some seasonal things for spring and summer. So far, so good, but it's literally small data points in small parts of the country where the weather has been a little better, which is not a lot of places. But anecdotally, some comments were made on things like even some water sports items and camping equipment. But it's a small data set. So we'll cross our fingers and hope to see. But overall, units are generally fine. I mean there's some things still with like, on the computer side, there's weakness overall, not just with us. I think I mentioned this on the first quarter call, we're seeing decent sales in units of televisions while the average selling price points have come down. I think it's just in the next couple of weeks where the new TVs for the upcoming season are coming out. But other than that, what we look at, of course, our average transactions or shopping frequency is up. Our new sign-ups are continuing to be strong, up 7% in terms of new sign-ups on less than 3% new openings. So those things bode well, but people certainly are spending their dollars where they feel they should be spending them. And so we'll see where it goes from here.
Richard Galanti: Well, look, we feel good about what we're doing in driving business in the right way and growing our business. As you and others have heard forever, we're a top line company. While I can't give guidance, certainly, we and everybody who has cash benefit from earning more money on their cash right now. As we saw in this quarter, there was a $70 million improvement in year-over-year comparison of gross margin simply because of LIFO. We can't predict what's going to happen, at least the trends yesterday were that we're starting to see some improvement in inflation. To the extent that continues, we're comparing to LIFO charges in excess of $100 million and $200 million in each of Q3 and Q4. So that's something that we look at as well. Gas is volatile, no pun intended, and it's been quite profitable in some quarters more than others. But we think that we've got the different levers and puts and takes, if you will, to do that. But ultimately, it's about driving sales. And certainly, we know we're getting the customer in. We're getting more of them in and they're, again, renewing at the highest rate ever. So we'll go through this as good, if not better, than others.
Richard Galanti: Well, we're going to do things that drive market share, first and foremost. We are certainly cognizant of the bottom line. And I think this quarter is a good example of that. But at the same token, we're going to do what we need to do to drive sales because long term, when we get our customer in and they buy stuff, they're going to come back and buy more stuff. And we've always done a good job of that. Again, this one is a little different, this economic downturn, with the rising interest rates and the headlines of recession and high interest rates. But that being said, I think we're fortunate in the sense that we've got a multitude, various types of businesses within our business from big ticket discretionary items to food and sundries and health and beauty aids and fresh foods, which is really driving the cart right now more so than it has in the past. So we'll continue to do what we do. I remember years ago, someone asked about if sales were slowing down, what would we do. And we said we'd drive more sales by being even hotter on prices. But generally, that's worked for us, and I see that equation continuing.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Actually, June would be our sixth anniversary. As I mentioned in the previous calls, looking at the last, I think, 3, they averaged around 5 years and 7 months, which is about now or last month. And what we said over the last few quarters is that, in our view, it's a question of when, not if. And so we'll let you know. But keep in mind, that's one way that we become even more competitive. We take those monies and directly become even more competitive. I might add though, our locations do weekly comp shops of 100 to 150 key items, all directly competitive items, and then a variety of other against our direct competitors and other limited comp shops against other forms of traditional retail where the gap of competitiveness is much greater. But at the end of the day, our relative level of competitiveness, in our view, is as strong as it's ever been. And we do that weekly in locations. And every 4-week, monthly 2-day budget meeting, each of the regional operations' senior executives get up and show those numbers. And you can rest assure we're going to continue to do that.
Richard Galanti: Not terribly different than a quarter ago or probably in David's January sales recording. So again, it all centers around big-ticket discretionary. And we look at that and we look at how it compared to a year ago and then 2 years ago. We had so much strength there not only with COVID and people buying big-ticket stuff, now the economy and the interest rates, so that's to be expected. Again, we kind of go phew, our strength in food and sundries and fresh foods and health and beauty aids and things like that help to counter some of that. One interesting comment that I think I haven't made in the past, we've been asked that during this concern about inflation and people trading down, have we seen any delta in the sales penetration of our own Kirkland Signature items. And of course, my first comment is that's a trade up or a trade equal, not a trade down. But at the end of the day, we have seen actually, in the last few months, a bigger delta than normal. I'd say over the last 10 years, we see 0.5% or a little less than 0.5% a year of increased penetration. For this quarter year-over-year, we're seen a little over 1.5 percentage point increase in sales penetration on the food side, foods being anything packaged or dry or wet, you name it. And so we have seen a little bit of an increase in that. I guess that's consistent with the concession that most people are looking to save money. And of course, if it's our brand, that's great. That creates loyalty.
Richard Galanti: I was looking at it more not as a source of funds but more as -- look, to the extent that, and this is just using this as an example, if there was no LIFO charge plus or minus in Q3 and Q4, on a year-over-year comparison, you have, on a pretax basis, $130 million positive delta and a $223 million positive delta. Those are nice numbers to have a positive delta. So from a standpoint of looking at the earlier question about are we cognizant of earnings growth, if you will, or reported earnings per share, part of that plays into that, that gives us a little bit of cushion there as does gasoline from time to time, as does, first and foremost, stronger sales. So all those things play into that. I think generally speaking, we're still going to do what's right, in our view, to drive sales. That's what we want to do, first and foremost. And to the extent that, that example occur in Q3 and Q4, that gives us a little room to do that without even thinking about it.
Richard Galanti: If the lapping stays at 0, yes, there would be no new charge, so it would be comparing to a charge last year. To the extent that, yes, prices were to go down relative to a year ago, you'd actually have a LIFO credit, which would be even a bigger year-over-year delta.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Gas has been a relative blessing as well. It's a profitable business. It is volatilely profitable. Sometimes it's more. And sometimes, it's less. But overall, it's a profitable business. It's given us an additional competitive advantage of getting people in the door, if you will. I think it was this last summer into early fall where I've given some numbers where our gallon sales increases in the U.S. were up in the mid- to high teens compared to darn near flat for the U.S. population as a whole. I announced yesterday on that, and I think that 15-plus percent delta of us versus the U.S. population is still about 10 percentage points. And so we are still taking market share, if you will, and getting people in the parking lot. And in terms of value, we look at a value compared to average value across our locations where we do comp shops, in some cases, every day in many locations. This year, to date, I'm looking at single-digit number, we feel that we saved a member $0.37. That's an improvement. Over the last 5 years, it's gone from the mid-20s to the mid-30s.
Richard Galanti: Well, it's an art, not a science. We'll look at high-velocity items where we can make a big difference, pass on some items. On some things, I mean this is just anecdotal because it was from our last budget meeting, with shipping costs coming dramatically down, on a 25- and 50-pound bags of jasmine rice, we've seen a big uptick in sales because that's an item that really skyrocketed because it's per pound, based on the size of the bag, it was a heavy freight cost. And so as that comes down, we see that going. I think we're doing more with our suppliers, changing things around with the MVM. Part of that's based on allocation issues of what we have. But overall, no, we're firm believer of if you improve the value by lowering the price, you're going to drive more sales.
Richard Galanti: Frankly, the delta between those various categories are not as extreme as they used to be. And in fact, in things like fresh foods and food and sundries, some of the weaker categories -- not weaker, but lower-margin categories -- are things like big-ticket discretionary items. We make a smaller percentage, more dollars per unit, of course, but a smaller percentage on big-ticket electronics. And so that impacts more the gross margin dollars than the percentages there. If anything, if you go do a little homework on what the cost of processing and selling a rotisserie chicken, our $4.99 price, which we maintain, is an investment in low prices to drive membership, to drive the sales in a big way. So there are some things that we do, notwithstanding huge inflation. And even though some of the costs have come down a little bit, relatively speaking, we want those wow items in there as well.
Richard Galanti: Well, it helps a little right now. So that's good news. I don't think it changes our view that the special dividend, which we've done over the last 10.5 years, I think, it's still an arrow in our quiver. And at some point, it's something you might see again. But I'm not trying to be cute, it's kind of like the membership question, we'll let you know when we do it.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Well, I think on the latter comment, we're looking to use price to gain share, we're continuing to do that. It's not like we're going to go do more or less. I mean that's what we do for a living. What I was trying to say in the comment, that being we're particularly cognizant to the bottom line, we are a public for-profit company, and our shareholders want to know what we're doing. There have been times, for those of you that have followed us for many years, when we might take a bigger hit on some expense in a given quarter. I think, in fact, many years ago, it was the rotisserie chicken example that we, frankly, I think, have more levers today to adjust things, which helps us. But we're not going to get away from those 2 things, driving the top line and being cognizant that we're also a public company trying to earn money for our shareholders. But we're going to prioritize driving sales because that will benefit all the other things on the income statement.
Richard Galanti: Yes. By the way, gasoline inventory is very small relative to everything else. And it turns darn near daily. But a lot of the improvement or reduction in inventory year-over-year was all the stuff backed up with the supply chain challenges and the port challenges a year ago. So we feel we're in good inventory shape. The flow is much better. There's always going to be anecdotal examples of stuff, we have a little too much of something or a little too less, but we feel pretty good right now about our inventory levels even by category. There's a few categories, a little over a few categories under, but nothing like when we were 26% up and had a lot of, what I'll call, in-transit stuff literally on those pictures that you saw on the news, of the ports, on the ships. And so that's improved a lot.
Richard Galanti: Well, we don't project where we're going. But I was glad at least that February, while negative, was a little better than January. We've got additional marketing activities that we've got going on there. We did hire just 5 months ago a new Head of Digital that is in the process of doing a lot of things. So there'll be more to report over the next several quarters. In my view, there's a lot of opportunities and low hanging fruit to do that. The biggest thing, the challenge that we've had, just looking at our current numbers, was that we've been so successful over the last 2 years. Not only did COVID drive huge business on big-ticket things for home, be it furniture, electronics, televisions, you name it, computers, and also the acquisition a couple of years ago or 3 years ago of what's now called Costco Logistics, those 2 things drove that business in such a big way. We recognize that's part of it. But we're not hanging our hat on that, we want to grow the sales.
Richard Galanti: Well, they're more loyal, they spend more and they come more frequently. It's only good stuff. So look, at the end of the day, if we can get somebody to, in the U.S. as an example, spend $120 instead of $60 at the current rates, and with that, they get the 2% Reward with some other benefits on certain consequential transactions, that definitely drives loyalty and drive frequency. And so the executive member spends more and shops more. And then if we get them also to get the co-branded Citi Visa card, it's even better than that. So all those things work, in our view, in a positive direction. And so we like the fact that the executive membership penetration helped. We've said in the last couple of years, we brought it into a few other smaller countries. You need a core base of 15 or so locations to do it. And so we've provided it in other locations as well. But we're still seeing increased penetration in the U.S. of that. We do a better job, by the way, when somebody new comes in to sign up, getting them to sign up, we do a better job of explaining the benefits of an executive membership than we did years ago as well.
Richard Galanti: Yes. I think the biggest component of the answer to that question is our fresh margins have been the biggest piece of that coming down. And looking at it, our fresh margin in Q2 compared to Q2 3 years ago, pre-COVID, we're still up about 50, 60 basis points. Now we were up a lot more than that because of all the things that COVID did. It drove tremendous sales growth in those areas, which created less spoilage, which is a proponent of cost of sales in fresh foods, and labor productivity in places like the bakery and the meat department. And so it was, if you will, outsized improvement. We're still better than we were pre-COVID. And we've maintained the sales. These are not real numbers, I don't have them in front of me, but let's make them up and say that fresh pre-COVID was going up 8% or 10% a year, 8% a year or whatever it was, and then we enjoyed a couple of years of 20-plus percent, I believe. And now we're still doing fine with sales growth, not up to 8% or 10%, but nonetheless, it's still a positive. And so we've kept all those outsized gains. But we've also, of late, not just the last month or 2 but over the last several months, have invested in pricing. And certainly, fresh helps drive that. And I gave the example of the rotisserie chicken, but that goes through lots of areas of fresh foods where that's one of the key categories that people come in to shop for.
Richard Galanti: I don't think we're smart enough to know how to manage all these things. There's so many different components of what is the gross margin from the different core departments to the ancillary businesses, to gas, to LIFO now. So it really is fluid. And we do manage it, but it's managing it in an organized, chaotic way sometimes, too, as things change every day. I think we do a great job of doing it.
Richard Galanti: Sometimes, in a given month even, it can be bigger or smaller, honestly. I mean gas fluctuates quite a bit. But good try on asking.
Richard Galanti: Yes, units are still up. And frankly, price inflation offsets it a little bit, it helps offset it a little bit, and I think the focus on trying to keep figuring out how to do things more efficiently. One of the things that, again, that we do religiously every 4 weeks at the budget meeting is the operators are talking about certain focus items, whether it's improving overtime hours or things we've done to automate something, physically improve the flow of goods in a warehouse. We've done a pretty good job of that. And we've done that notwithstanding to off-season wage increases this year, 3 off-season wage increases, if you go back, I think, over the last 15 months. So our leverage there and a very slight deleverage is pretty impressive given that labor benefits is our single biggest expense category. So it's productivity. And I think we've continued to do a good job with that.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think there are, and we do. We don't analyze, frankly, the price elasticity on a historical basis other than we know what works in the past and we keep doing it more. It's pretty straightforward. But we're not doing A/B tests or test let's take this price delta in this region, down x or up only y; in a different region, see which one works better. We're pretty singularly focused on if we lower the price, we'll do more sales.
Richard Galanti: Well, first and foremost, is being in stock, and to the extent that we bring in a few things early. I think the anecdotal comment I mentioned about water sports and camping, we brought that a little earlier because we had some room. And there's parts of the country, there's no sense bringing in some of that stuff early given the weather right now. But at the end of the day, I think we've always done a pretty good job of that as well. The big thing is working with the suppliers. Using electronics as an example, these are anecdotal stories, but while sales were very strong for 2 years during COVID and supply chain challenges were still there, there was virtually no promotional things. There's now more promotional. Our buyers are out there making sure that we're getting every promotional penny that's out there and being on top of that with our suppliers. That's part of what we do. But that's been more of a focus. Yes, we focus on the categories that are growing. Examples would be like HABA and apparel, which are very strong for us right now. Part of apparel's strength is getting more well-known stuff in.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think I said that they're as wide as they've ever been. I don't know if they've gotten wider. But we feel very good about where they are. And this is against direct competitors or other large boxes on certain categories, recognizing when it's a traditional retailer, there's a much bigger price gap to start with. And I'll remind you also, despite the fact that we and another warehouse club essentially sell the same types of items, we want to make sure that on exact like-branded items, we're better priced. So on those $100 million, $150 million, that's where we look at that. They're the most competitive, whether it's Coke and Pepsi or Advil or Tide detergent or key items that everybody knows the price of or is that same item. There are plenty of items that are differing in quantity, quality, size, color, you name it, where we feel that, in some cases, we have a better value. But that's up to the customer to behold that. And so we just keep doing what we're doing. We're focusing on those competitive items and constantly figuring out how to drive more value in any item we do. How do we, especially private label, but how do we upsize the pack while improving the price per unit within the pack? Even when there was big inflation, if there was a 10% increase, inflationary cost increase in something, how do we get the vendor to eat a little of it, will eat a little of it? Needless to say that still the majority of that increase is going to be in the price, but how do we also, beyond that, from a manufacturing standpoint and a packaging standpoint, how do we lower the price by a few extra percentage points by figuring out how to get x percent more cell units on a pallet by changing the configuration of the pack size. We focus more on that than anybody I know because we're taking our $230 billion or $240 billion in sales and dividing it by 3,800 items. So we have many items that are $50 million, $100 million, $300 million, $500 million items. And when we can do that, we think that we do a good job of that.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think it's our model versus other models. We respect and have very formidable competitors, whether it's other warehouse clubs or big box discounters or supermarkets. And we're all doing what we can do to maximize our own respective model. So I think certainly, when we make some price changes to things, we see our competitors act to them in some cases and not in others. I think the fact that we have fewer items and we're out there every week, I know that our merchants, when they see those comp shops, I'm making this up, that there's 100 items, and we're the same on 50 and lower on 45 and higher on 5, those 5 better be changed this week. And so I know we're on top of it. I can't speak to our competitors, but I assume they are also. But we have a model, a cost structure, that allows us to mark up our goods, on average, in the low teens compared to traditional retailers in the mid-20s to 100. So we have a little room there.
Richard Galanti: No, we're going to open where we want to open certainly whether it's an existing open location or something that we're aware of based on what's going on in the real estate activity out there, which we all know what everybody is doing in advance in a way. And so does it impact us? It may impact us in some examples, whether it's Sam's or somebody else, to push this one more soon. And look, I was going to say, when you asked about them announcing they're going to open more doors, I think they said they're going to open up about 30 over the next 5 or so years, 5 or 6 years. They apparently didn't get the memo that they should close some more. I'm just kidding. Look, we respect them as a competitor, and we don't see that changing what we do. I think it bodes well, though, that there's plenty of capacity still in this country, of course, other countries, even more so.
Richard Galanti: Not really. My guy is here looking at the numbers, and they're saying not really. One of the things that Josh mentioned is, well, we have 400 locations. 400-plus of our 550-ish location in the U.S. have gas, that's even a bigger percentage in California, and higher volume gas units. And with gas inflation coming down dramatically year-over-year, that's partly why they're not the best performers. If you took that out, there's not a whole big difference out there.
Richard Galanti: It's a long road ahead. We only have 11 carwashes. So we have plenty of room for carwashes 30 years from now. But at the end of the day, we think it's a very long road. It's not happening in the next few years. And the fact that we're still taking such market share relative to U.S. gas gallons in general is a positive. So I think it's a question that we can defer for 5 or 10 years, frankly.
Richard Galanti: Well, international, in general, there's plenty of opportunities. If you look at some of the foreign countries, as a percent of sales, they are more profitable than the U.S. So those things, that creates more opportunity. I don't see anything big right now coming on vertical integration. Might we do another poultry activity at some point, but that's still a few years down the road to even consider. We did a second meat plant outside of Chicago for the Midwest and East Coast just a couple of years ago. We're expanding our bakery commissary. So there's nothing, another couple of hundred million dollar plus projects going on like that. I think another area that I think bodes well for us in terms of competitiveness and continuing to work on getting prices down is working with suppliers, certain things that we currently ship from the U.S., elsewhere, or air freight in the case of produce elsewhere, there's plenty of activity going on what I'll call the hot house side, could you grow more vegetables. But that's all good in concept, but it takes time to figure out. And there's plenty of people trying to figure it out, and so we're waiting for that. The other thing I think I gave an example a few years ago, of something as simple as cashews. Historically, they're all grown and washed and prepped for roasting in Eastern Africa, shipped to America for roasting, quality roasting, packaging and then shipped out to the 13 or 14 countries. Today, those that are ultimately sold in Korea, Taiwan, Japan, Australia and China, are now shipped to Vietnam to a quality roaster supplier of ours. They grew over time with us. And we dramatically lowered the cost on that portion of a huge amount of dollars, and then using that to do what we normally do, take 80% or 90% of that savings and lower the price even further in those countries. There's plenty of opportunities. Now we're now talking with big suppliers of these hundred- and multi-hundred-million dollar items that we buy, whether it's paper goods, plastic items, things like that, which of these items could be produced overseas, particularly on the Asia side, rather than having to produce them here and ship them there. There's a lower cost of production and as long as we can maintain that quality. And so I think there's going to be lots of little opportunities that become, in total, a good opportunity for us.
Richard Galanti: Well, thank you, everyone. We're around. I'm sure we'll be talking to a few of you today and tomorrow and early next week. Have a good afternoon or evening.
