Richard Galanti: Yeah. Well, again, in terms of renewal rate, we believe the biggest issue is the auto bill. When we look back at Canada, which occurred a year and a half, two years prior the conversion up there, from its peak renewal rate, I think all the way back to early fiscal ’15, if I looked out six quarters, it came down about a full percentage point. It's now actually a tenth of a percent above where it was a year -- that year earlier at its peak. So -- and when I look at the -- we’re now 4.5 quarters into it, not 6 and it's down – again, it was down a full percentage point in the US and recognize it's a little bit different scenario with conversion, but it's down about seven-tenths of a percent. So we believe that's what it is. We don't -- when we look at -- we talk to the members of marketing people and we ask them about what are the reasons when somebody doesn't renew, we get consistent answers of what they've heard for the last several years. So our view at this point is that we're not seeing, we're not concerned about it and want to see what happens over the next couple of quarters if after that it doesn't change. But we assume it will at this point. And I'm sorry –
Richard Galanti: Well, in the US and Canada, which again is 80% of our company, 80 plus percent of our company, it was four. We just did that because we're getting the question every day. We can look at it. I don't have it off -- we didn't do that. We actually was -- we're trying to respond to some of the many questions. I think internationally, particularly since you've got newer units internationally, particularly in Asia and Australia, which is where your impact, less so in Mexico and UK where it’s older, my sense is you'll see the same thing. It will be a positive, but greatly affected by cannibalization. When you've got, in a city in Taiwan, where you've got two very high volume units, which with well over 60,000 members per warehouse and you open up a new one, you're still going to get a lot of new openings, not a lot of new members relative to what we see here, but my guess it's still -- that's going to cause it to come down. So again, it has more to do with timing than anything, cannibalization than anything. I just don't have beyond that. Canada and the US are pretty similar.
Richard Galanti: Well, I mean, in a couple of words, we're fine. I think what we saw this fiscal quarter in terms of sales growth cures a lot of things and driving it with value, we've had the good fortune of having better than expected economics from our new credit card and we certainly -- we are just starting the benefit, if you will, to the membership fee line item, which will start -- continue over the next 20-ish quarters, 20-ish months as the fee increase in the US and Canada. That is again -- that's a fee increase that's about $240 million, peaking 12 months after we started. It takes 23 months because the deferred accounting get in there. So, there's plenty to go around and our view is that we can do both and we feel quite good.
Richard Galanti: Let me add one last comment on that, I forgot to mention. The big chunk of it also is penetration of gas. Gas, while gas was great year-over-year, profitability is great. It's a much lower margin business, it's 9 plus percent of our total sales at 500 to 700 less margin -- basis points of margin. So when you've got huge increasing sales price per gallon and 10 plus percent sales growth on 10% of your business, and that aid into it as well. I'll take that lower margin percentage every day for 40-ish million of profits in the quarter.
Richard Galanti: I think they're separate. I mean, a lot of times, I'll give you a simple example. Here in the Seattle region, we have three locations on the east side of the lake, Issaquah, which is across the street from where I am; Kirkland, which is where we used to be and Woodinville, all three kind of aligned north to south on the east side of this Puget Sound. Last November, we opened Redmond, which is where of course Microsoft is headquartered and basically, I think we had as of opening, less than 1000 new sign ups at the Redmond location because we have close to 80% household penetration in the Puget Sound, which is extreme. This is where we're headquartered and we've been forever. We’ve taken the average number of members per location, down from the mid-60s to the low-50s by just adding a new unit, but we’ll add 80 million to 100 million in sales in the first year in this market. So when you've got locations that are doing 250 to 300 plus per unit, you've got to cannibalize them. So, I mean that's an example of that. So I don't think the two are correlated.
Richard Galanti: I think it’s over the entire population. First of all, new members -- every new member is going to presumably be more frequent every year for several years. I believe that some of the things we're doing, I didn't give an example on the call here but we've done several e-mail initiatives to members to drive them in-store. We did it over the holidays with New York Strip Steaks at $6.99. We did it with Copper River salmon over just a very limited, I think a ten or so day period. These are little things that little anecdotal things, but we think that we keep doing things to drive even more frequently as well. So I would bet that most of it, since the bulk of our sales come from the numbers that are more than a year, more than two years and more than three years, we're getting them in as well.
Richard Galanti: Mel Brooks once said it's merchandising. It’s value and merchandising and some of the other little things we're doing here. As it relates to the tragic things of the hurricanes in Texas and Florida and Puerto Rico, frankly, you get a bill -- whenever there's a pending tragedy that's on the news every day, with this pending tragedy like a hurricane, you get a build-up in sales leading up to it. You're closed for a few days perhaps or more in a couple of locations, but when we look at it -- as I think I mentioned, the comp sales in Texas in September was one of the stronger regions. Now, that's partly because the entire state wasn’t impacted by it. So we don't think that was a big impact at all. As it relates to the publicity and the news and the noise around Amazon Whole Foods, all we can do is perform. When we look at the value proposition, our view is our value proposition got better. You read about Whole Foods having giant increase in member shops or customer shops that first week. I would hope they do and I would expect them to. There's a lot of news out there and there's a lot of things. When we've done our own, we've read about the price changes that the lowering of prices gives us more confidence that our value is even greater. So we’ll have to wait and see and nobody can predict everything. All we know is that our brick and mortar is as strong as it’s ever been and trending in the right direction from there. And we know we've done a lot of, there's 100 different things you do every day. I gave you a couple of the sound bites, the example. So again at this point, we feel pretty good about what we're doing. We feel good that we've got a few delivery Options for our members that frankly are better than the ones they were doing the day before with us or with Instacart or with anybody else. So we feel that to the extent that somebody wants to choose -- to use that route, they'll be able to and we’ll be able to generate the sales from it.
Richard Galanti: The only benefit is it’s one-sixteenth more of our earnings number. I mean I guess you would have taken that 208 and divided by 17 weeks, but there's not a week with no rent expense in it, because we prorate that daily.
Richard Galanti: Well, it’s sales. I mean, we hope it’s sustainable. We’ve got a lot of good things going on, but we’re only a little bit better predictor than you guys are at that. We feel good about the initiatives we got going on. We feel good about the monies we have to invest in price and to still drive the other line items of our income statement. And –
Richard Galanti: I’ll tell you. Yeah. I mean basically, a couple in Canada, two or three, a couple, four or five between the three countries in Asia and another one probably in Australia. That's generally where they are.
Richard Galanti: Well, needless to say, we have to continue to watch that. We’ve had some limited experience with our relationship with Google starting a few years ago and with Instacart over the last couple of years. What we found so far is it's more fill-in than replacement of a shop and the key is, if you come down a couple or three shops a year, one way as you add several more shops as fill-in or alternative, that's what we saw, but we have very little time and data to feel comfortable about where it will go. We had to keep getting you, we want to do both of course, but we have to keep getting you in store because you're going to buy more and you’re going to see more even if we had everything online, but we don't of course. And one of these I mentioned was, how do we get you in-store. We're just literally scratching the surface of any type of targeted Internet -- e-mail marketing initiatives. We have a very, as you know, a very loyal, hopefully you’re one of them, a loyal member. And we're just scratching the surface with thinking about how to get you in store as well more often. And on the few examples, and several examples that we tried, it's great and we’ll have to see how that goes. I guess the one question that none of us know is [indiscernible] home and order stuff, recognizing you've got to pay for it and no matter who ultimately and there will be several of the lowest cost supplier provider delivering to you at home, there are people that actually want to go out, there are people that actually want to go touch their fresh foods and decide, pick it themselves and it's going to change over time. There's going to be an increasing percentage of online and online delivery and the question is, in brick and mortar, we even asked for years, well, how can you drive sales if you're not offering as many alternatives and whatever else. We've done it with value, in our case, value first and foremost is quality and low price. Over time, the percentage of delivery of fresh will change, how much so, we'll have to wait and see.
Richard Galanti: Basically, I think we're in the middle of that. I think it was a quarter or two ago where we actually, it was lower year-over-year by a basis point, and I said, that's on an inflection point. Certainly, even this 1 or 0 basis point this quarter was helped greatly by sales growth. It's going to still increase. I think part of it is where -- we're right at or about to enter our fifth year of modernization. So, that line will start getting fuzzier and fuzzier. We certainly added things to what we are modernizing, taking major systems and doing that we had not contemplated at first. And so my guess is in the next year, assuming regular decent sales, as a percent of sales, a lot of these systems, you spend $60 million or $100 million on one system, it’s kind of like building a building, you start appreciating the day open or the day you turn it on. And it was probably three to four years ago that we started turning a system on in that regard as we complete them. So it will be another year before we've got, if you will, the plate full with these bigger expenses that then amortize over generally five to seven years. So but as sales grows, the denominator in this calculation grows, that will be an offset to it. So I'm shooting from the hip here and as a guest, but all things being equal, sometime in the next year, there is maybe an inflection point, but it's going to be in the one or two basis points either way hopefully and at some point here, we’ll stop talking about it.
Richard Galanti: Well, it’s a moderation with a capital M. I think in the first three quarters this fiscal year, the sum of the benefit of improvement to SG&A and margin was 37 or 38 basis points. The aggregate in Q4 was 22. And mind you, a year ago, in Q4, you had a lot of things happening. You were getting off the old program and there was some detriment to that in those last several weeks anyway, the first five weeks of Q4. Then, you had it, but there was also some noise and friction around getting the conversion done for two or three weeks. So my guess is, it will be a much -- it should improve because we're seeing increased penetration of usage. We're seeing increased revenue shift from people saying the value of this card and not only at Costco, but their top of wallet. I forgot if I mentioned it on my part of this call, but using travel as an example. We just added Costco travel to the executive member, first of all, effective September 1, so you get 2% on travel, which you hadn’t gotten before. On top of that, if you use your Costco co-branded Visa Anywhere card, Citi Visa card, you get another 3% by using that on travel. So there's a 5% off unbelievable prices.
Richard Galanti: No, I mean I think first of all, we did it because it works. We don't do it every month or every six months because we don't want to get people comfortable waiting for the next online offering with that added value, with added giftback, gifts in them. We want them to sign up as a member and pay for it. And so it works, the timing difference is simply, we have a lot going on. I believe if I recall, if I look back, we did the fee increase effective June 1 and we didn't want to do it over that month or two period of time. So we pushed it out a little bit.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. Going back to your question though, you asked, do we do it because of concern about millennial, I don't think we're smart enough to understand that. The fact is we do it just to drive membership, we recognize that it has a good millennial benefit. I don't have the one on the one that we just did, but the one we did a year and a half ago and what we did like 2.5 and 3 ago, versus a walk-in, a higher percentage of people that sign up on these LivingSocial or Groupon offers are millennials, not as much as you'd expect and I think it's walking in if I recall correctly. It is like mid – 39% of those that walk in this last one were millennials. I think I’ll go back to the previous one, it was 36% were walk-ins or millennial, whereas millennials under this program, it was like in the mid to high-40s, so about 10 extra percentage points. So not a huge distortion or a difference between those two. But it helps.
Richard Galanti: I don't have anything in front of me. I know that what we did a couple of – not a couple of years, about a year ago, it was looking at US numbers, it was 52 years versus 54 years across the US, not the entire population of US adults, which was about, so we were two years older instead of a few years earlier than that, we were four years older. I have not seen anything since that. If I have a – you can ask me, I’ll find out, but I don’t recall.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. We essentially overlap everywhere. And I’m not trying to be cute, but other than reading about it on the news and the paper on Wall Street, we have not seen -- we recognized – I read yesterday that there are some specialties brick and mortar retail stores that are impacted more than others. We don't believe we’ve seen an impact from it.
Richard Galanti: No, no. It will be lowered. Currently, you could go to certain other parties, Google Express, Instacart as was before Octobe1, costco.com Costco Business Center and limited delivery within the 40 or 70 mile radius of those 15 locations, shipped down in the southeast, I believe, boxed. And I'm sure there are some others out there that I’m missing. When we look at the pricing that anybody, both a member and a non-member as the case may be depending on each one, how they price their goods, what they're ultimately have -- what their delivery prices, this is better, including on some of the items which you could buy at great value and better value than those areas on costco.com already.
Richard Galanti: It’s the 20-year discussion as we're looking. As a rule, until we have permits to do something, building permits to do something, we don’t announce whether it's in Alabama or China and, but we're looking and at some point, we'll announce something.
Richard Galanti: Yes. But again -- honestly, we don't sit down. We decide like here is a bucket of money, if you will, and how we're going to use it. We don't do a bunch of sensitivity analysis of it. We’re merchants and I’m not, but they are here and we look at what are the things that drive business in retail grocery, or retail non-food as a case maybe and certainly on key items, I think I used the example of New York Strip Steaks where we were $7.99 and $8.99, which – we went down to $6.99. And by the way, we did that and still made a decent margin because of how we bought it on, we're a giant buyer of this stuff. We've done it on several items and it works. So I think the point you made though is, while it's not a lot directionally, it's different. That's fine. We're really not concerned about that.
Richard Galanti: No. In fact, what we announced, when we initiated this week our discussions both before and after that, but both before and after June 15 or 16.
Richard Galanti: Well, on the non-foods side, I think we mentioned a quarter or two ago, appliances is a big area. Apparel – on the non-foods area, [indiscernible] sundries. So we continue, I think, to do a better job on the things on the food and sundry side, on the dry food and sundry side and some big ticket items. And then, I look at some of the examples, again, it was only for what one or two week period, the Samsung deal with using the Citi Visa card on top of great pricing on the TV to start and white glove service if you want it, it was -- you got our great price and if you’re an executive, remember, you got 2% and have used the Citi Visa card, you not only got a 2%, you got that 2% because you bought at Costco. On top of that, you got a 15% cash card. And that impacted sales, both in line -- in store as well as online. So, these are sound bites, but there's lots of them.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. I don't have it. I was trying to be helpful to the – one of the things I guess I want to warn, we're not going to start doing this new calculation every quarter. We try to be helpful here, but we know based on our discussions every day, we can, at the budget meeting, that we felt that we're fine when the question's been asked about the average number of members who are all seems to be going down. The new, total new member signups seems to be – the rate of growth seems a bit slow a little bit. Again hopefully, the data points I gave you lay those concerns. But I don't have the detail beyond that. What we did is we took, let’s take all the cannibalized units, we know that's a bigger impact and all the new units that many of them are in small markets. That's an impact. That’s going to impact it.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. On the first one, I think it was a separate line item called other. That was the 2 basis points. And as it relates to the impact of the new thing, it’s going to be so small to start with, we don't even know yet.
Richard Galanti: Well, we don't guide. Visa will be moderating, but moderating still has a plus sign in front of us, even if it's small. I look back though as we still have a chunk of those monies, we still have -- we have the new membership fee increase that started in June, with -- again ultimately it's $240 million that increase in just the US and Canada that will hit the P&L, but the total benefit to the P&L line won’t be for 23 months from June. So that’s May of 19. So, but there is plenty of money out there to do both, to be able to – when the margins go up or down a little bit, again, I get back to it, it is merchandising. We feel we've got plenty of capacity. I think that the salient point is, is any of this related to competitive issues out there? For the most part, no. It's us.
Richard Galanti: E-commerce profitability is a higher percentage of pretax earnings as a percent of sales in the brick and mortar, but there are a lot of things like that. Some of the ancillary businesses are that way, but it has continued. If it's come down a little, it’s simply because we've invested in price and I would say whatever investment in price is, that number of basis points is less than the reduction in the profitability of e-commerce, because we've driven e-commerce profitability.
Richard Galanti: I don't have any new data on that other than I think what I shared last quarter. Millennials, new members generally renew at a lower rate. Every year, you're stuck around, you're going to renew at a better higher rate until you're really old. And millennials linear renew at about the same rate, at least that’s always, it offers your members. Yeah. And in fact, I remember, I don’t have the detail on the one we just did, but the one we did 18 months ago versus walk-in, we saw those that signed up on LivingSocial renewed at like a percentage point higher rate in that first year of renewal. But again that's plus or minus a little.
Richard Galanti: Yes. And mind you, there's still some differences and nuance differences between Canada and the US, but notwithstanding those differences, Canada, I think we did the transition in early fiscal ’15, September of ’14, which was Q1 of ’15 and we were in Canada. And then if I look out six months later, it dropped -- it continue to drop for six quarters and it dropped exactly -- and I mean – but it dropped 1.0 percentage points. The next couple of quarters, it ticked up half of the delta and it took another couple of quarters to pick up all of the delta. Another quarter plus to pick up the rest of the delta. This year, we did -- we converted in Q4 of ‘16. So we're now in the fourth quarter past that, whereas, I saw the trough in Canada, albeit some differences and nuances, six quarters out. So that would tell me, it's probably a couple of more quarters, but that’s about as much analysis as we've done.
Richard Galanti: It's all of the above. First of all, in terms of allocation, first of all, the base e-commerce as we’ve gone to more fulfillment centers, we frankly -- it’s been a net positive because we’ve driven down transportation costs, freight costs, we've driven down time to get it to you. The improvements, the costs of the improvements to the site are de minimis. It's just that perhaps we were a little stubborn for a long time and we hadn’t done it. It wasn’t our focus, but improving search, improving the site itself, expanding distribution points, those are small pieces of a $2.5 billion CapEx budget. So I don't really see that, we've got more than enough money to do it. As it relates to driving business, some of these things are text clearly. Someone else earlier asked the question, what if this thing with grocery is really successful. Well, really successful is two things. It's really successful as a business and how does it impact the people coming into -- walking into Costco, because we know we're going to buy really a lot more stuff when they walk in. So we have to do that and we think we can manage that by using email to drive people in store as well and the couponing and things like that. So again, time will tell and we’ll have to see where it goes. As it relates to working with vendors, it's pretty simple. Based to the volume and the efficiencies that we bring to purchasing a product from a vendor, we better get the best price and we all hear and sometimes we read and sometimes somebody accidentally sends us something, but we all hear about all the special deals out of one retailer, whether brick and mortar or someone else. I think like all of us out there, we have to keep our options open, but we feel pretty good about we’re getting money. Some of the successes we've had, whether it's the special deals and the example of the special deals, working with vendors on hot items and the Buyer’s Picks, when I spoke about last February or early March in the second quarter earnings call about, in some cases, tweaking some types -- differently tweaking how we use the MVM and what I was doing with, how we drive greater value and sometimes partnering with the vendor to do that, all those things are part of the equation. I think it's a lot easier for us to do it when we're trying to manage a few thousand items at the enormity of purchasing power we have within those items and the availability of sourcing those items from many people. So I think we feel pretty good about what we're doing and how we're getting the monies and how we’re spending them, and there's a lot going on. We’ll have to wait to see. We’re gratified that the things we're doing are driving brick and mortar traffic and comps and we're gratified by some of the things that we were telling you over the last few quarters of earnings calls about improving the site, adding a few things, have started coming to fruition on e-commerce. We think some of these new things, we're excited about it, but there's a lot of unknowns yet. A comment from somebody in the room here mentioned, I think appliance is a great example. It used to be, we sold some appliances in-store and other big ticket items like furniture. And if you know we don't deliver and you’ll get your U-Haul or your pickup -- your friend’s pickup truck, well, that’s not happening today. By displaying some items in store, we're driving more business, we're doing very well online with furniture, with patio furniture, with regular furniture, with lawn and garden type big ticket items, with electronics, including white glove service and now with appliances. We think appliances, part of it also is brands, having partnerships with GE and LG and Samsung among others, which are relatively new in the way we're doing it, we think in literally three or so years, we can add $1 billion of sales, which we’ve started doing about 8 months ago.
Richard Galanti: Well that's a continuation of some things we've done. Years ago, we opened our first ground beef plant, I think it was originally in Tracy, California and the intention was -- is to one, assure supply and two, by definition have great quality, but in two, lower the price per pound of landed ground beef to our locations. We did that and more. We now have a plant in California that supplies us. It's our planet, 4 plus million pounds a week, over half a dozen SKUs. We're building a second plant on the East Coast right now because this one has been beyond capacity for a few years, but we now can accommodate one in the East Coast and by the way reduce some freight costs along the way, so we’ll get more efficiencies from that. The $300 million we're spending on a chicken plant in Nebraska just broke ground a month or two ago. We need over 400 million birds in the US every year. This will be less than about 100 million, so just under a quarter of our need. More importantly, we've got two other plants run by other well-known suppliers where we, we call them dedicated facilities. We had to retrofit them, greatly reduce the number of SKUs they’re supplying and manufacturing to supermarkets, restaurants and us and other clubs and driving, guess what, if you are to greatly reduced the SKUs, you make the manufacturing more efficient, you can save, given the weak and given what happens with all the byproduct and the markets themselves, we can guarantee sourcing and lower our costs by anywhere from $0.10 to $0.35 a bird depending on what month and what's going on out there in the markets. So it has worked well for us. We're looking to do that and other things and the fact that we source produce from 44 countries, it's what's make -- it is what makes us who we are, but we're sourcing 30 SKUs or so, not 150 SKUs. We’re building -- in Canada, we’ve built a commissary for baking these. We've got – so we’ll continue to do that, but I think the biggest single commitment we've made is this new chicken plant, but it's not likely gone from zero to 300 million in this example. We've done a lot of things.
Richard Galanti: I wish it was the easy explanation. We don’t see it and that's not a good -- it's a good answer from the standpoint that we don't see it and that's good, it’s in the numbers. To the extent, clearly, you've done some sampling yourself, Scott, others have as well. Some of that sampling shows what you just suggested that it appears that, including your family. Others, it doesn't show that. I don't know why. What we know is that we feel good, well, certainly, we feel good about comps and frequency and renewal rates, subject to the – to some of the credit card stuff. We feel good about some of the things we're getting ready to offer. If this stuff is being sold out there at higher prices and now we're going to -- those prices are going to be even lowered further by us with one and two day delivery or with, the first, one day, same day delivery with fresh, we have to figure out how to communicate that to everybody. But that should continue to drive more business. We’ll see. I don't have a good answer for that one. I think part of it is, if you take, using the supermarket grocery industry, the roughly whatever it is, 900 billion or $1 trillion industry, everybody out there on this call and elsewhere will have their estimate of what delivery and online will be as a percentage of the total. If whatever it is today, it'll be more tomorrow and it will be more the next day. I think everybody, even though has extreme assumption is it’s not going to be 100% ever. The question is, is it going to go from and making these numbers up from 5 to 10 and then slow down, is it going to go to 20 or 25, is it going to go to 40, who the hell knows. Whatever it’s going to be, we should have a piece of it, but clearly, whatever that brick and mortar and people actually drive somewhere and get in themselves, I think we're going to keep taking pieces of that. An extreme example is not even on grocery, it’s on apparel. We have a six plus billion dollar apparel business that’s compounded for 3.5 years at 9 plus percent, while the brick and mortar apparel is down. I know why and we've explained why. So for every point, there seems to be a counter point. Within grocery itself, part of it's the unique items, whether it's Kirkland Signature items or some of the things we do uniquely ourselves, all those things hopefully will get in. If we can’t get you to come in for it, we will at least get you to come in occasionally, buy some of the things we do that drive you it like the strip stakes or like the Copper River salmon or like organics and to the extent if you want to pay a little more, that little more will be a lot less more than it was the day before, even through us. So that's what we're going to do.
Richard Galanti: Yes. No worries. And part of that by the way is what we do. I mean it's a huge volume that we’re doing, like any deliverer out there, including some of the ones that deliver our stuff and they’re doing stuff third party with us, it's all about getting more things on the box. If we get you to maximize that shipment, that goes a big way. If we get the volume that we can bring to the table when third party shippers are also looking for more volume and to spread that volume, that's all good for us.
Richard Galanti: It took me a long time before we figure that out. At the end of the day, if all we’re doing is substituting and taking sales out of brick and mortar and doing it online, that's a loss and that's a money losing proposition. The fact of the matter is, if we're going to lose it, a, we should lose it to ourselves and b, can we drive more business anyway, both in-store and online. The fact that you can get under this Costco grocery dry items throughout the entire Continental United States within a year, 90% of it already, starting two days ago, that includes lots of geographies where there's not a Costco within 150, 200 miles. So we think that we're going to drive some business outside of our existing members and by the way, they're going to come remember to do this. So they're really doing it despite ourselves online with a limited amount of things we had at a higher price. So we think that, will there be some, will somebody stop becoming a Costco member? Sure. There's going to be somebody. Will somebody shop less on in-store because they’re now infilling or fulfilling some of that with buying direct? Yes. But, will there be new people that do it before? Absolutely. And will we figure out how to get you in the store even if you don't want to drive to the store? Yes. And we've been pleasantly surprised by some little things we've done to do that. People like deals and we do deals better than anybody.
Richard Galanti: I think it's possible. I think what you're talking about originally though is when we do an increase, you'd see almost an immediate drop in renewal rate for about a year that it gets backed up and it’s continuing on. I think it's been like, at least two, if not three cycles of 10 to 15 years prior to that when we saw that. Recognizing, there's other things that have made you want to renew your membership, having gas stations, having fresh foods, becoming the executive member, all those things have helped that as well. So it's hard to dissect it in that regard. Anecdotally, what we hear from -- again from membership and from membership when they survey members that have dropped that it has nothing to -- virtually nothing to do with raising the fee.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, the letter E means every day. What we talked about -- what we changed back in February-ish, we’ve continue. What I mentioned -- I gave a couple of examples what we’ve done online of late. So it's not substituting something else. The view is -- our collective view is that there's -- we have the ability to do all the above and we're doing it.
Richard Galanti: I think it’s two things. It’s cannibalization and the newness of the – it’s cannibalization and new members in any state or any country and that first renewal is less than the second year renewals, less than the third year’s. So every time they renew, they’re more likely to renew the next year at a higher rate than the previous year class if you will. And so we've got newer market units and we have cannibalization.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think it’s several, well, Chuck and again, I am biased, it’s several things. The gas station’s help to fresh foods is second to none. And in our view, that’s even got -- the amount around that has gotten bigger, not smaller since June. There's Kirkland Signature items, there's Treasure Hunt fresh. There's organics, I mean I think this is what we do. When I go to the budget meetings every four weeks and I look at even some of the things we've got coming in for the various holidays, whether it's outerwear, apparel for the winter or some of the holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas, just, I think our members are -- should be as excited as ever about some of the exciting new things we have. They keep driving that value proposition. And all the things that I mentioned earlier in the call, the tweaking of the MVM, the -- using the emails to get you into buy, when everybody out there was $8.99 to $10.99 on choice, New York Strip Steaks, we went from $7.99 to $6.99. That not only drives business and it takes it away from chicken and ground beef, it drives traffic. And we know how to do that kind of stuff pretty well.
Richard Galanti: It's pretty stable. I mean, everybody's hoping for a little -- well, we're not hoping for inflation, everybody's hoping for inflation. Again, it doesn't hurt us, but it's been pretty stable. I mean if I look at LIFO indices or any type of those metrics, we've gone from deflation to flat or literally low single digit basis points up on a basket. Taking gas out of the equation, which is quite inflationary right now.
Richard Galanti: Yes. We look at it, but at this point, we’re not prepared to do it. We do with tires. You can order them online and schedule your appointment.
Richard Galanti: Well, it's -- first of all, to tell you the truth, in our view and maybe we're stubborn, it's a common sense issue. You order and then you've gotten, we have separated, it's a dry refrigerated frozen wait for you and it's clearly a space issue. I mean, we're doing literally twice the volume of some others out there, two to three times the volume versus our two direct competitors and I'm sure at some point, we’ll try it, but it's not on the agenda in the next couple of months.
Richard Galanti: No. They didn’t other than there’s more weeks, there's 17 weeks versus the first three quarters that had 12 weeks and it had absolutely nothing to do with that. I mean, we priced Whole Foods twice a week in many, many markets around the country and we're kind of scratching our head. And we did that before the announcement of the acquisition by the way. Have they come down in prices of some items? Sure. Overall, and some of you have done your own price baskets, while we read about up to 43%, it's a lot closer to 0 than it is 43%. And even with something dramatic, others out there will be impacted a lot more than we are. Other than people wanting to have stuff delivered and we're providing that option based on how we do stuff.
Richard Galanti: It's pretty flat right now. Within fresh, you're going to see variations like meat has come down a little bit. It was way up for a year, but that's going to be seasonal. Produce depends on props, recent events, oil, gasoline depends on recent events, the hurricanes, but other than that, taking some of those things out, it's pretty flat.
Richard Galanti: Yeah. Well, percentage wise, ex gasoline, even though, it says Kirkland Signature gasoline is about 24%, 25% of our total sales are non-gas sales, we’ll continue to add items as they make sense. We're not really working towards the number and we think the number will keep going up a little bit, because we do like it, but we've also -- we've tried -- we remind ourselves, our head of merchandising reminds our buyers every day, don't fall in love with it, because it has your name on it and each year, which items, even Kirkland Signature, we just continue because the brand does better, maybe ours is a better value in our minds and maybe it is a better value, but we're still not successful with it. And by the way, part of the focus of our buyers probably before that is to find more brands, we want more brands.
Richard Galanti: I think on the latter part of that, no. That’s going to be the last thing. I always joke, we're not smart enough to figure that one out. I think that we're likely to first of all look for partnerships and ventures to jointly venture something rather than to buy something. As you might expect, we along with other large consumer retailers, get calls every day about everything, whether it's delivery services, food related meal stuff, all kinds of stuff and we're fortunate in the sense that one, we've got some good relationships like this recent expansion, what we're doing with Instacart. That helps. So I don't see us doing that. That being said, we’ll be open minded to anything. But we'll have to wait and see on that one. We've gotten a lot going on right now with some of the things we're doing that we're excited about and every time, when we tried something, I keep bringing up the steak idea or the steak example or the Copper River salmon answer, then we figure out what else can we do. And there's a lot of those what elses. And so we've got our plate pretty full on those kind of things and we've got to, look, we just rolled this thing out, it’s -- what we rolled out three days ago is a soft opening if you will. There's no publicity out there for it. We have to see how it goes, what it does first.
Karen Short: Actually, just on the subject of millennials. Wondering, can you maybe just give us an update a little bit on the average age of your membership? I know, you kind of give that periodically. It seems to have been trending down, any color you can give on that.
Karen Short: Okay. And then one other question I think you were asked, and I didn’t catch the answer, if you gave it. But do you have any color just specifically on the performance of your stores that are in close proximity to Whole Foods since the price reduction were -- took place at Whole Foods.
Karen Short: Got it. Okay. And then just a last question, there seems to have been some rumblings that you’re looking to expand into China, I don’t know if you could comment on that a little bit.
