Richard A. Galanti: I don’t have -- I think if I recall in Q4, two of the four sub-departments were up and two were down slightly, but still net positive, whereas we had three of the four this year in the first quarter. There’s really nothing that discernible there. Overall I think the trend in the core business has generally been up for the last several quarters, up slightly. 
Richard A. Galanti: Well, look a lot of it depends on sales, of course, underlying sales. You know, we’ve got our fingers crossed. I think overall Q1 was good, November was a little shakier than September and October, nonetheless overall was pretty good.  You know, clearly the biggest item is the fact that we took $35 million of commodity price markdowns on milk, cheese, butter, chickens that wasn’t covered and we haven’t seen any of that to date. And I’m not suggesting tomorrow either but again, so far, so good there.  The fact that we lost a little money in gas last year and so far we haven’t this year but again, tomorrow’s another day there too, but those are at least directionally positive for us.  If Jim were sitting here, I think he would say margins aren’t our problem, our challenge -- we feel that we’ve been able to do a little of both here, to be able to be competitive and to improve margins slightly. 
Richard A. Galanti: I think we probably talked about it earlier than the supermarket chains did. I think they probably were starting to incur it as well. We of course probably had been pushing a little harder private label, which does two things -- one is as you replace some of the -- you know, even though the gross margin dollars are generally pretty good there. You know, the average private label penetration is down 20%, 25% versus the price we sell the branded good and once that drives business, the brands come back and lower prices a little bit too.  You know, again this is not statistically perfect but last quarter I know we took, or a couple of months ago we took a look at the top 20 highest volume like items in each sub-department. Which is probably half of our sales in terms of dollars and it was in the 5% to 6% range on pricing. Now, I don’t know if that means it’s four or five but it’s certainly now one or two, but has it gotten worse? I don’t think it’s gotten worse. We’re still cycling through this major year of big deflation. I think once we get into January, February, hopefully that cycle will be broken a little bit and it won't be ongoing.  I will tell you that talking to Tim Ross, who is head of the 50% of our business which is food and sundries in the U.S., his view is is when asked, I’ve been asked by many of you about the competition with the supermarkets because of all the pricing. And his view is look, any lower prices, it’s not a positive but we really don’t see -- feel a lot of impact from the supermarkets. Most customers, most members are shopping both places and sure they are going to pick up some sale items there and some smaller sizes or whatever, but from a competitive standpoint, he doesn’t feel that our pricing has been impacted by what the supermarkets have been doing. 
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think when Jim showed that slide and there was a couple of follow-up questions on it, I think he acknowledged that that was a slide that was done about a year, year-and-a-half ago and looking out, I think three and six years at the time. And so now four years from now or something, I believe that was correct -- the implication would be we go from the low 20s to the mid 30s. I think he chuckled and said those are our goals -- those are stretched goals that we are shooting for -- the timing is probably longer and I think when pressed, he obliged that -- who knows how long -- it’s certainly more than four years. I think trend wise, we will keep -- you know, private label works for us and so does branded goods, by the way. We want to be able to sell both and it will keep going in that direction. 
Richard A. Galanti: I think all of the above. I mean, on the food and sundries side potentially there’s probably a little less on the non-food side. You see it in -- you certainly see growth in apparel on the private label. We’ve seen growth at private label in even some of the holiday items, a lot of the trim at home and things like that. Again, we’ve already done luggage. More of it is on the food and -- on the traditional supermarket side, I would say. 
Richard A. Galanti: Well, the Coke thing, I think it was just -- I don’t think we’ve announced anything but it is correct. I think effective this coming Monday, Coca-Cola products will be back on our shelves. Look, I mean, I think our sign that we had in store everywhere basically said it all -- it says until we can provide our members with these products at competitive prices and provide our members a value, we are not prepared to sell it and we now going to sell it, so I think that’s really all I can say at this point.  You know, we have a long-time relationship with Coca-Cola, they are a great brand and we are happy to have them on our shelves.  I don’t think it -- I know everybody wants to know a little bit more dirt on it but that’s all you are getting.  On the transaction, traffic size, when I look at September, October, and November, traffic was huge in September. It was like what, 6.5, 4.5, and 3.5 basically, Bob? Traffic -- almost 4 in November -- all those are great numbers, guys. I can’t say anything about December so far, until early January but again, we -- everybody -- given September and October was pretty darn good relative to where it had been, you know, everybody wanted a little more in November, so did we -- we felt all three months, including November, were pretty good and going into Christmas, we felt pretty good. Going into Christmas, we feel pretty good. Robbie Holmes – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Terrific -- hey, thanks a lot, Richard. 
Richard A. Galanti: Yes. If you look at -- and some of you have heard this before -- at 10 years of monthly comps, up until when gas prices really started going through the roof in the spring of 08, it was never below minus 1 in a given month or above 2, and generally between a half and -- zero and one-and-a-half. And never was it above 2, other than a timing difference of how a July 4th fell or something like that. All of a sudden, it was in the 2.5s, and the 3s, and of late the last several months, it’s been in the 3s to 5.5s, one month, 6.  So I don’t think we can assume that on a 4 -- let’s say a 4 average over the last 12 months, we can keep doing 4s on top of 4s, given that for 10 years, we were doing 1s on top of 1s.  But I also would hope that it’s still a positive number and not a negative number, meaning that we kept this frequency level and people that have gotten used to shopping with us more frequently, arguably for food, arguably this economy has helped enhance that frequency. I think we would hope that it would at least be -- have a plus sign in front of it.  But we can’t sustain 4s and 5s. 
Richard A. Galanti: Well, clearly -- I know I’ve said it before and I just read it somewhere else yesterday -- a little inflation would be nice for the bottom line standpoint here -- not a lot of inflation, but a little. You know, again, as it subsides, it helps us, or hurts us less in the case of if it’s still -- it’s inflationary. 
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think -- I haven’t -- I think the math does work out that way, so good analysis. There’s nothing unusual in that.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I can't give you any direct guidance on membership dollars. The drivers of course are increasing conversion and penetration of executive membership, which we do every quarter -- we just didn’t give out those numbers and the fact that we are still adding 20 -- even net of the U.K., which is brand new, just in the U.S. and Canada we are adding 25,000, 26,000 either conversion or new sign-ups a week, is pretty darn good in that regard. That helps.  There are no current plans to raise the base membership. As you know, historically we’ve done that every five or so years and we did it I think three, almost four years ago, so it’s still a while off before considering that.  But again, certainly -- and in terms of the slowdown of openings, I think one of the things we talked about -- I think it was the New York opening, that while we opened I think 15 or 16 in 09, a net of 16 or 17 this year, 16 to 18, that we would expect -- we are hoping that and planning for that number to be in the low 20s in 2011 and 12 and that the mid to high 20s would be on that.  Now, before but certainly our efforts are to push that number upward in terms of openings. That doesn’t impact the next two quarters, of course, but that’s where that is.  And what was the second question?Dan Binder – Jefferies & Co.: The second question was just around new store productivity, just curious how you -- your early results on the Harlem store and then any additional color on the mall-based store in Arizona. 
Richard A. Galanti: Well, again, I don’t want to belittle the supermarkets or Walmart -- they are both -- the industry, if the supermarkets and Walmart are both incredible retailers. We -- let’s not forget the fact that our average mark-up is 11% and supermarkets’ average mark-up is in the mid 20s and Walmart’s, depending on their format, is -- you know, not Sam’s but the Walmart stores, are probably somewhere from the high teens to the low 20s, depending on the format in the departments.  So at the end of the day, it’s hard to beat our pricing overall. We recognize that people still shop at a Walmart or Target every week. We recognize that everybody still shops at a supermarket a couple of times a week but we are getting more of that dollar than we’ve ever gotten before, given our frequency and given that’s what people are looking for first and foremost. So in terms of pricing, I don’t want to be arrogant about it but I can't predict what the future will hold but we’ve held our own pretty well in very tough times and as I mentioned earlier in this conversation about the supermarkets, we don’t believe that they have impacted us a lot on our pricing. 
Richard A. Galanti: We’ve done nothing with regard to pricing. Again, there’s no new sale items or new lower priced items on stuff. I think part of it has to do with the fact that we are starting to compare against the weakness from a year ago, part of it is the fact that people are staying home a little more -- I mean, if you looked at some of the categories like housewares and domestics and things like that, I think apparel, it’s a combination of what I just said as well as availability of goods. There’s still a lot of great availability in there and continuing better brands and what have you.  You know, if anything, a lot of the focus -- I think that our non-foods buyers are just relieved that it finally turned after suffering something that they hadn’t suffered in forever -- something with a negative in front of it.  Bob was just saying here it really is all categories across the board. There’s not -- you know, on the electronics side, I think we are doing okay, given the fact that it was even 15 or 18 in the last month or two. That’s on top of a 40s and 50s a year ago. Clearly we can't sustain that but fortunately as the unit growth has come down some, still growth, so has the level of deflation in those categories.  And again, electronics is helped by the fact that people -- you know, our camera business is quite strong -- deflationary but unit sales are still making a positive, and PCs, with the netbooks and everything else, deflation is strong but unit sales are stronger and frankly I think it’s all -- it really is all of the above and the continued improvement in our fresh foods area. Every day we feel better about our fresh foods selection and growth and how it separates us from the rest. I think people brag about our stuff because of the quality, the size, and the price. 
Richard A. Galanti: In terms of the direction, throughout this time, even a few months ago as we were getting ready for the Christmas and the Fall seasons, the message from Jim to the buyers was be aggressive. We are in a unique position that when we make a mistake, it means we’ve got six or eight weeks of inventory instead of three or four and the stuff we sell aren’t -- you know, you’ve got to be a little more careful let’s say on gift baskets, because there’s a short window before Christmas on those, not a 12-week window, and -- but you can afford to be aggressive relative to our complementary retailers.  In terms of -- there’s less -- you know, a year ago, there were some really unique things out there because some of the really high-end apparel and related goods and electronics -- I mean, remember we were selling the two-pack of TVs at ridiculous prices relative to what they had been a week before, that had to do with the fact there was inventory backed up as traditional retailers were cancelling and we -- there’s not as much of that because the manufacturers have planned better this year knowing what the economy was doing. 
Richard A. Galanti: I think the trend overall in gas has been -- it’s still volatile and still requires a thick stomach lining. I think the bad weeks are not as bad and the good weeks are better than they used to be, so overall it’s become a little bit more profitable business and I am only speaking of the last 15 months or whatever, but I actually remember when we had -- not a lot fewer stations but fewer stations two or three years ago, a bad week you could lose $3 million or more. Today it seems like a real bad week is in the low 2s. And again, that’s anecdotal but at least it’s directionally it’s been a little -- still volatile. If you look at last year, again in Q1 we had great profitability, Q2 and 3 we lost money -- not a lot, and then Q4 we made a decent amount. So for overall, we did fine for the year, our best year ever but it was certainly volatile. And as I mentioned earlier on this call, Q1 is starting out -- I’m sorry, Q1 did actually pretty good but it was comparing up against ridiculous good a year ago. And Q2, we lost money last year -- two weeks into it, we are making a little but again, nothing -- you never know what can happen tomorrow.  The other part of that question -- electronics. 
Richard A. Galanti: Our sweet spot actually is still the bigger TVs. Those still are cheaper. I mean, there’s lots of 40 to 55 inchers in the $800 to $1600 range. And are we selling some of the smaller ones? I think on the TV side, our chart, our graph would be skewed to the right with price points going up to the right.  On the netbook side, they are doing fine. We still sell more of the full line laptops and desktops, recognizing a really good full line laptop now is $600 to $800. Our challenge is to keep putting more into it so we can drive the price point up a little and still be a great value. 
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I don’t know if we have all the right answers, or any of the right answers yet. One of the things we are talking about, one of the things is moving slightly the ratio of full-time to part-time, recognizing as you do that, it’s harder to manage the business because part-timers allow you a little more flexibility. We are -- what was the question again? I’m sorry, somebody was asking me something. Colin McGranahan – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: No, I was just thinking about the increased dollars dedicated to healthcare. I understand you are trying to -- 
Richard A. Galanti: We are doing a lot of -- we are doing proactive things that long-term I think help that don’t help this quarter or next quarter. What we are not going to do is charge the employee a lot more. They certainly are paying a little more because the costs [of things] is going up but they are not -- they are not taking the brunt of it.  The -- there was one other thing I was going to mention on the healthcare. It escapes my mind. I apologize. I’ll think about it as we go along here. Colin McGranahan – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Thanks, Richard. 
Richard A. Galanti: What did I say earlier about the -- I don’t recall that. Peter Benedict – Robert W. Baird: I thought on the fourth quarter call you said you thought the healthcare hit in the first quarter was going to be about $0.03 a share. 
Richard A. Galanti: Probably the single biggest thing is we -- historically we had used outside disaster recovery for our IT, we had used outside disaster recovery sites and we finally took the plunge about six months ago, eight months ago -- a little longer than that, maybe nine months ago and in eastern Washington, rather than in Sterling [Parks] New York or Boulder, Colorado, using outside parties in eastern Washington, we basically expended I think close to $30 million on computer equipment in that facility over there, that’s a dedicated facility for many companies, that’s a disaster recovery center where we have our caged in areas and we are also running something over there but unlike a lot of -- you know, the banks that have mimicked IT systems all over the country or world, we historically have been here and used third-party disaster recovery. Most of that equipment has five-year life, I believe and a little of it may even have three year but let’s say most of it has -- let’s say on average four to be safe here. So that alone is a chunk of it. Peter Benedict – Robert W. Baird: Okay. 
Richard A. Galanti: The other thing that we have really pushed in the last couple of years, which I think we are seeing a little bit of increase and you will still see it, is remodel activity. We are -- one of the things that we are notable for historically is all the places look pretty good and have the latest and greatest and that’s -- we’re taking the offense on driving business and when things were -- we were spending a lot of money like on fresh foods and refrigeration and frozen foods. Those penetrations, those are profitable departments, of course, and penetrations are up and we are devoting a lot of money to things like that. Peter Benedict – Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 
Richard A. Galanti: Actually what I was talking about was the traffic frequency -- the frequency. So there was -- comp is always the product of average ticket and average traffic, average frequency and we have been enjoying it for 10 years. The frequency component, the shopper frequency, so for every 100 shops that existing members did this year, they would do 101 or 101.5 next year, so frequency was up 1%, 1.5%.  Since gas spiked in the spring or early summer of 08, we started seeing the frequency improve like never before. I think it’s improved even more with the economy and with people, with our [MVM] mailers, with people shopping more often to keep more cash in their wallet, with people, with the penetration of food and sundries, certainly unit penetration, people are shopping for that versus bigger ticket discretionary items. They are coming into Costco more frequently.  So what I was saying was is that frequency in the last year has been in the -- has started in the three range and headed up toward five plus -- clearly we are not going to see it go five on top of four on top of four on top of four on an annual basis. I’d be happy if it was -- if we maintained it and were able to keep growing it back to the old, good old days when it was one. Laura Champine – Cowen & Company: Got it. Great, thank you.
Richard A. Galanti: Well, less markdowns. I think it gets back to what Jim talked about, is being aggressive and if you’ve got great merchandise at great prices, let’s get in there a little earlier and people see it here first and buy it first here. And we have the luxury in our model to be able to do that.  I view it as it was again more being -- taking the offense and also impairs giving us a little more time if we did need to sell through, to sell through without markdowns. 
Richard A. Galanti: Well, what we talked about was A, there’s a shortage of pharmacists in the country because everybody has pharmacies -- not just pharmacies, you know, the Walgreens and the CVSs of the world, but the supermarket chains, the Targets, the Walmarts, the Sams and the Costcos. And so in that regard, there’s a shortage.  The average cost of -- and so these central fills could do high volumes, very automated for the most popular prescription drugs and we can cut by almost two-thirds the all-in cost of filling a prescription. We’re not the only ones doing it but given our volumes, it’s kind of like we take most advantage of our cross-stock operation versus traditional distribution centers in the retail industry -- we take more advantage in our [feeling is here] because of the volume. We have a couple of these places doing upwards of 15,000 prescriptions a day with three or four pharmacists and the number of techs supporting it but it’s a highly automated system. And so will we do more? I’m sure we will.  I think what it has enabled us to do is to maintain our very strong profitability of that business over the last few years, particularly in the markets where we have these three on the West Coast, while everything in that business is tougher. You know, the 100 pills for $10 and Medicare part D, which I use one of my relatives as an example, who takes several different prescriptions of more expensive state-of-the-art drugs and the annual cost at Costco before Medicare Part D was about $6300 -- overnight it went to the low 4s, about $4200, $4300. That came out of the retailer’s gross margin.  So I think with those kind of -- notwithstanding all that, this has helped us maintain a good profitability in that industry, which is an ongoing -- it changes daily. 
Richard A. Galanti: Well, I think -- look, it’s a circular thing. I mean, one plays on the other. I think the fact is one of the -- you know, people always ask, are our buyers better than some other retailer? One of the things that makes our buyers better in some regards, or good in some regards, is the fact that we have to manage fewer things. We are managing two SKUs of canned peaches, not 30. We are putting all our buying power into two SKUs, not 30, which allows our buyers to get much more in-depth and understanding of every component of production cost. I think sometimes we drive vendors crazy with that but it has helped us and it has given us in our view an advantage out there.  And not to take anything away from any other retail buyers in other companies, but we spend a lot more time focusing on the component costs from direct labor, electricity, packaging, where are you getting your resin from -- you name it and all that goes into helping, I think, us do a good job. As Jim has said a number of times, we want to be both a seller of great private label goods, which does a lot of good things for us and the customer -- great value and prices to the member, allows us to protect our margin and enhance loyalty because the only place you can get our product with the Kirkland signature is here. But it also allows us to be more competitive.  Time and again over the years, as we’ve introduced the Kirkland signature item, that very strong, very brand loyal brand item has had to come down in price from already great prices to regain some of the lost market share. And so it’s ultimately it’s what our mission is, is to provide our members with the greatest products and quality at the lowest prices. And so we think there’s plenty of opportunity.  We also, as you’ve heard us say, there’s a lot of great branded manufacturers out there and it’s -- everybody can tell you it makes them better too, but it does. We all know who some of the best branded suppliers out there are in terms of innovation and as they lose an item or a portion of a sale of an item, they are coming out the next day with something that’s the third level up or ultra this or improved that or completely new items. So that makes it better for all of us. 
Richard A. Galanti: It is now everywhere in the U.S. The only place it may not be, there was a time delay in the state of New Jersey and it had to do with some regulations of how you do it, so it’s more of a -- it’s a timing issue, not an issue of not doing it. And I could be wrong but it may already be in there but I know it wasn’t in the first few weeks after we announced it.  Look, it’s a slight net positive. It’s still a very small percentage but we’ve gotten a lot of positive responses from -- we’ve also gotten some new members. You have to believe on a macro basis there were some members that prefer to shop at Costco but chose not to for one reason -- they are on food stamps and we did not accept them. So from that perspective, we are gaining incremental new business and at the end of the day, some of our reasons for not doing it historically had gone away. Is it still a small percentage? Yes. But has it slowed the front-end up a lot? No. It used to when you had to separate the basket into food stampable and non-food stampable to two separate transactions. You had paper value coupons, not electronic debit cards, effectively. And so we probably waited a little too long but it’s a good thing we did. 
