Richard Galanti: No, I think the biggest thing, as I've said a couple of times in a quiet way, it rains on all of us during these tougher times, particularly with bigger ticket discretionary items. We're comparing against some huge increases a year ago, frankly, over the last two or three years, as you know. And that's where we've seen some of the slowdown. As I mentioned, e-comm consumer electronics and appliances, as I mentioned, was down high singles. I think in line was also down some amount. So that's where a big chunk of it is. When we look at food and sundries, that actually tends to be relatively strong for us. So overall, I think it's impacting us a little bit with what's going on out there. I think it is a combination of compared to very strong stuff a year ago as well as the fact that big ticket discretionary has a little bit of weakness.
Richard Galanti: Yes. I have a couple of people in the room smiling. Of course, I can't tell you all that. But at the end of the day, first of all, if you look at our November reported numbers, the fact that those two dates -- those two high dates on e-com were in the last week. Keep in mind, e-comm is still a little under 10% of our total company, but that helped a little bit relative to e-comm in the last 4 weeks that we reported. But overall, look, we don't know what kind of trend it means. We feel pretty good about what we're doing in terms of driving sales. And as I mentioned, the food and sundries as we get past big-ticket discretionary purchases for the holidays, for Christmas and what have you, you'll have a higher penetration of some other things as well. As it relates to gas, for several quarters now, even beyond a year ago, we talked about the gas profitability for us and we believe our competitors -- other big chains of gas stations have made more in gas. And certainly, that's helped us use some of that to continue to hold prices where we can on some things. Who knows what the new normal is? What we know is that not only is gas more profitable than it has been in the past, and like I said the same thing a year ago, will that change at some point? Maybe. We don't know. So right now, it's good. And by the way, as we've mentioned a couple of times, we've seen strong gallon sales, and we're still taking market share. We -- when the U.S. gallon sales are generally close to flat, we're up in the 10% to 15% range in gallons. So we're driving people into the parking lot. And the fact that gallons of gas are profitable, that there's just a little bit more for us as well. So that's helped us. There's always things that are going to help us, and there's always going to be puts and takes.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think, yes, LIFO was a slight pickup just because the dollar amount was less than the $14 million last year in the quarter. It's very slight. So if that continues, that would be good, and that would bode well. And you'd have -- I'm guessing you'd have a lot lower charge than $423 million, recognizing the big pickup was in Q3. The big hit was in Q3 and 4 when we saw the beginning of inflation rising. If inflation didn't go down, but it just stayed the same, in theory, you'd have no big charge. You have no additional charge. If it starts to go down from its peaks, that will have -- there'll be some LIFO income. Now mind you, some of that will be used for pricing as well. I mean, well, you know us.
Richard Galanti: Well, look, gas is just the sheer size of our gasoline business. It's been the biggest piece of that line for a few years. We have a -- it's a $30-plus billion -- on our $220-whatever-billion last year, we did in sales, I think a little over $30 billion was gas. So that's the big kahuna among all that stuff.
Richard Galanti: I think we continue just to remain competitive. You've known us long enough when asked who is our toughest competitor, we look in the mirror, and we say it's us. So I think that as we drive market share, part -- we believe that part of it at least is due to the fact that we've continued to be very competitive. And so I don't know if there's any change in that. We -- notwithstanding where our numbers come out, we're always trying to push more into lowering the prices or keeping the price increases going not as high as they could have been. I think fresh foods is a good example of that of late, where, again, we've held the price points on certain items despite inflated costs, mostly in the protein area and a little bit in the bakery area.
Richard Galanti: Well, good news is that's your job to model it. Look, at the end of the day, I think that the comment I made about big-ticket discretionary, while we sell big-ticket discretionary includes furniture, which we sell lawn and garden, patio, too, that's not right now at the holiday season necessarily. But that being said, there is a higher proportion of big ticket discretionary right now. And we're blessed in the sense that a big chunk of our business is fresh foods and food and sundries, which people have to eat. And as I mentioned, that has been strong throughout this. So I think overall, we'll probably still look at it in a positively relatively aggressive standpoint. Ultimately, when you talk about top line sales and if they're a little lower, what do we need? I think the question historically has always been asked, what do we need to have SG&A not go up as a percent of sales? And the view is -- and this is pre-inflation. The view is always you need something -- our best guess view is somewhere in the 4% to 5% comp range. If it falls below that, that will make SG&A a little bit of a challenge. That being said, we're pretty pragmatic, and we know how to use our margin as well. So I think overall, we'll continue to work entirely to drive top line sales and look at it for the long term. And we're not in any big way cutting back orders at this juncture, where we see some challenges with big-ticket discretionary? Does it come down a little? I think the keyword there is a little. And we’re feeling very good about some of our business now despite what's going on out there. We're blessed that we think, again, I think as evidenced by gas and any food and sundries business, we're blessed by taking market share still. I think that's evidenced in our memberships and...
Richard Galanti: I don't know exactly. I mean if we're three quarters of a year into it. I think if I recall, over the last two or three quarters, we've talked about like fresh being that way and probably exacerbated a little right now with the fact that we're trying to hold prices on some things that we think that, that's driving our sales. Beyond that -- I forgot the first part of the question now.
Richard Galanti: Oh, yes. I think that -- yes, fundamentally -- first of all, in terms of overall, it's fundamentally fresh and then some non- foods. Some of that has to do with some of the big ticket things. If you've been online and saw some things we did during not just the week of Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday, but we did some -- anywhere from $100 to $500 off on, I think, $500 cash card, if you bought $3,000 or more of these items. And so we're getting rid of some of the reason that 26% year-over-year inventory increase went to 10% was we got rid of some of the stuff that we -- some things that we had deep freeze and some things that we had delayed shipping during the supply chain challenge. So we did take some more markdowns than normal as you would expect, to help get rid of that. And hopefully, that's not a pressure point going forward. Certainly, I don't think it will be as much. And again, there are so many moving parts to this equation. I wish it was as easy as each basis point we could explain. We try to give you the rounded numbers. But overall, again, I get back to we feel good about how we're doing competitively. And we certainly understand that big ticket discretionary things have shown a little weakness, in part, because of our strength from a year ago, and in part, it's got to be part of the economy. And the good news is we have a big chunks of our business that are fresh foods, food and sundries, health and beauty aids, gas, all those types of things. And even other things like that's small, but travel has come back really strong from a really weak place a couple of years ago.
Richard Galanti: Well, it certainly goes into the thought process. We're still not even to the average of the last three increases in terms of timing between the last one and the next one. What we've said again, and I'll say again, is that our view is all the parameters, as it relates to member loyalty and value proposition that we've improved to our member we have no problem thinking about doing it and doing it ultimately. So it's a question of when, not if. But we feel that we're in a very strong competitive position right now. And if we have to wait a few months or several months, that's fine. And I'll be purposely coy on when that might be.
Richard Galanti: The last thing you said there is exactly, I think, why we chose to do a little more there. We want to be the most competitive, and we can drive a lot of volume. And again, we're in it for the long term. And it's -- fresh is one of those unique areas where prices on many items do change almost weekly on some of those items. If not sooner, if not more quickly. And so our buyers are always looking at the, if you will, the supermarket ads as well as the other warehouse club ads, not literally ads, but what the pricing is, and we react to that. But we're also -- part of it is also consciously keeping the price on the chicken at $4.99, and keeping -- and those types of things, keeping the price on the hotdog. All those things go into that equation as well. But we know that, that can be a driver of business. Fresh, we got great stuff, and people do notice the price. In our view, people notice those prices differences.
Richard Galanti: Well, we don't -- what's that? No. Somebody in the room is telling me we were also up in terms of the average household incomes. So I think we're both seeing that. We know a lot of -- particularly of our executive -- our business members, in many cases, probably have both cards. They've always had both cards. And so no, we don't put our head in the sand as it relates to it, but we look at our numbers and how we're doing, and we've seen that the -- our penetration of higher income members has also benefited during this time.
Richard Galanti: Before Oliver answers -- Oliver, before you ask a question, one other comment. One of the things that we have not done and don't plan to do is do a lot of promotional activities with our membership. And so that -- certainly, that will, in the short term, help drive membership, but we don't do a lot of that. Go ahead, Oliver.
Richard Galanti: Sure. I wrote down non-food -- in terms of what's the new normal? Look, we don't know what the new normal is. I do know that we figure out how to drive total sales. I do know that over the last 2.5 years through COVID, people buying things for their home, whether it was indoor furniture, outdoor furniture, exercise equipment, electronics and appliances and it's even greater because of our acquisition in April of 2020 of the last mile, big and bulky delivery and installation arm from Sears, all that stuff has helped us dramatically. Look, a little bit is -- again, we don't know how much of it is just comparing against very strong numbers versus a little weakness. Our guess is a little above. We want to drive -- we always want to drive everything, but we want to drive more non-food things because you've got -- you don't need any extra space. If you're turning fresh foods at 50, 60 times a year or more, you're turning some non-food categories at 8 times a year. It's easy to go from 8 to 10 without any extra space in the building. So that's always been a goal of ours to drive both sides of the business, and we think we're pretty good at doing it. And this will be -- we'll find out what the answer is a year from now. On -- what was the other question? I'm sorry.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Okay. On e-comm, again, that is even more dramatic if you look at what e-com did. We essentially doubled e-comm over a 12-month period from about worldwide from about 8 billion to 16 billion in that probably three or four months into COVID and then going fast forward a year. So the last half of fiscal '20 and the first half of fiscal '21, we had pretty good numbers over the last year. That, of course, dramatically impacted in a good way from our acquisition of Innovel. And doing, as I mentioned on the last earnings call, pre that acquisition in the U.S., we did about a little over 2 million drops, and a drop is anything from dropping off a sofa to dropping off and installing a washer dryer or a refrigerator freezer and taking the old one away.  We've gone from a little over 2 million drops. In fiscal '22, we did a little over 4 million drops, 70% of which is on the site and this operation that we acquired. So we've had outsized growth on that. Helped also not only by the acquisition but COVID itself. So we're comparing against that now. We'll see where that goes. We think that e-commerce still long term. First of all, as you know, we still want you to get into the warehouse as well. That's what -- so long term, we still think right now, we want to grow the e-commerce. I would say our goal still is to grow it a little more than in line right now because so much of it has been benefited by big ticket items, which have shown some weakness that's impacting a little bit right now. So -- but long term, we want to still be even 9% or 10% of $240 billion or $250 billion business here is a big chunk of business.  In terms of the last question, I'm sorry, I didn't write it down.
Richard Galanti: Well, again, someone in the room here showed me that I think the data that somebody had asked me about where Walmart had indicated, we're all looking at that same data. We too saw the metrics of a little bit higher percentage of higher income people coming in, notwithstanding the fact that we start with a higher percentage to start with. That's -- we try to trade you up. And you know the quality of our merchandise, and we'd much rather sell you a bigger ticket item with all the bells and whistles. So I think that -- it's the way we merchandise, and we're not looking to change that at this juncture.
Richard Galanti: Perhaps. I mean we still think anything that's even in the low single digits is great. And we benefited clearly from -- over the course of the last year, we benefited, as I've seen in our membership sign-ups, more people coming in and the gas business driving that a little bit as well. And just during COVID, we had a higher than previously average tick up and new member sign-ups. And so that's probably subsiding a little bit at this juncture. But again, we feel good -- very good about where our renewal rates are and then the loyalty that our members have. And we're pretty good at keep trying to figure out ways to get them in. We're doing -- we do online e-mails that are in-line directed for hot items to come in only available in store. And so those are the things that we continue to do.
Richard Galanti: We haven't seen -- last quarter, I mentioned a couple of things on the fresh side and the protein side that we actually saw strength in canned chicken and tuna, which was the comment that the buyers made saying that we're seeing -- to the extent that prices were skyrocketing and some fresh protein, we saw strength in canned protein. We don't see currently a lot of trade down on fresh. Prices have started to come down on some of those items as the underlying commodity costs have come down a little bit. KS penetration is up. Our critical senior is up. I don't have the exact number in front of me. I'm guessing it's about somewhere approaching 1 percentage point, but -- which is big when it's, I would say, over the last several years, it's probably been 0.5 percentage point. But -- so probably up a little more than normal, but -- and again, we had -- somebody asked us the question recently, are you seeing some trade down to private label? And we, of course, corrected them and said it's a trade up.
Richard Galanti: Yes. It's a moving target, honestly. It's based on rates, frankly, and rates right now have come down dramatically. So that would be a year, it could be a little longer than a year or a little less than a year, depending on what happens tomorrow.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think the biggest thing continues to be we're better when study does sign up that they sign up in those countries where we offer executive membership, which is, I'm guessing, 85% of our company, more, maybe 90% of our company. It's just not in some of the smaller unit countries. And overall -- starting with the U.S., but overall in Canada, we do a better job of getting you to sign up as an executive member to start with. We also do a better job of getting you to sign up to auto renew with putting in your credit card. All those things help -- let's face it, all those things help, too. We know that an executive member buys more and shops more frequently in a year than a non-store member. We know that one of those members with a credit card, co-brand credit card shops even more frequently and spends more. And they do all 3, they're an executive member with a card versus being a regular member, that's the big kahuna here. And so I think that we've seen those trends go on over the last few years, frankly. And what's helped in the last year is the fact that, again, just our new member sign-ups has been higher than they had been historically over the last few years versus the last year -- last year or two. And I think we believe that's more because of COVID, and we were in a good place to shop.
Richard Galanti: Is that in the Q? Okay. Yes, I can give it to you. Hold on a second. I didn't realize it's in the Q, which is not out yet. But what it is, is you've got a big increase in interest income and a big increase in FX downside. So of the 50 -- I think it was 53 is -- $54 million is interest income and the negative $1 million is other, which is a chunk of that's FX. And then this year, the $42 million -- I'm sorry, last year, it was $8 million of interest income and $34 million of other, the biggest piece of other being FX. So that added up to the $42 million. This year, the $53 million is $54 million of interest income and minus 1 of other.
Richard Galanti: I think if you asked the buyers overall that there's a little less elasticity than there used to be on some of the things. Again, now that answer comes from the fact that my comments about big-ticket discretionary items. We've put more money behind it and that successfully cleaned up our inventory where we were over in some areas like furniture to some extent. But at the end of the day, I think in a year or two ago, we would have even guessed that could have been a little stronger. But then that gets back to the whole question is the economy -- the concerns in the economy impacting big-ticket discretionary items. So yes, I mean, there's clearly still elasticity. When we do temporary price discounts or even our MVM mailers, we still get good impact from it. Some things, the bigger the ticket, not as much as we used to get.
Richard Galanti: Well, online, it's a little over 40. But online is only 9% of our sales. In store, I don't have it in front of me. 10 would be a good guess. And including that 10, furniture as well. So big -- and jewelry, big-ticket discretionary.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Units are actually up. And there's normal deflation in TV electronics anyway. And -- but there is perhaps a little bit of smaller sizes are coming down a little bit. Not everyone wants an 85-inch television but -- which is where we over-index to bigger ticket stuff to start with. But we are seeing actual unit sales up.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, we're seeing strength in sundries as part of what we call food and sundries, which is everything. Food and food and sundries is everything from canned beverages to crackers and cereal, and sundries, of course, paper goods and cleaning supplies and the like. And we're seeing strength in those areas. Those are -- those are actually strong, offset by some of the weakness I talked about on the non-food side. As it relates to regional, I don't -- we don't really see any big differences. I mean every month, you're going to see a region stronger or weaker. It has more to do in our view right now of late with weather than anything else. I can't give you anything definitive on what's -- is the region -- it's pretty -- they're all pretty close.
Richard Galanti: The good news is our merchants are sitting here, holiday decor is fine. One example actually would be we have a small amount of air conditioners and fans, which was -- it was a hot summer, and we were very strong in it. There were delays some of the supply chain challenges, some of that stuff didn't come in until September. And needless to say, we're not going to put it out there and mark it down when nobody really is looking for an air conditioner unit in September. And so that's the example of a few things now. We still have some furniture. It's way down from where it had been. So very, very manageable. I think beyond that, there's nothing huge. And again, the big question right now would be the fact that from a standpoint of Christmas stuff, both the Christmas stuff as well as toys, we're in pretty good shape for that. We feel pretty good about that.
Richard Galanti: We'll let you know next quarter. I mean we have a lot of levers, as you've mentioned, as you suggested, to pull and push. We're also aggressive on pricing when we want to be like in the fresh foods area that I just mentioned. And we're blessed right now with -- in some categories like gas that is a better margin. So all that stuff, again, there's a variety of puts and takes. We feel overall, there's nothing unusual about this quarter. And frankly, if inflation is not rising again, even if it doesn't go down, but it doesn't rise again from its current levels, we're in pretty good stead of greatly improving the component of margin that relates to a LIFO charge, particularly in Q3 and 4 when we had a $100-plus million number and a $200-plus million number. But that's to be seen, and we need to wait and see.
Richard Galanti: We have one every quarter. Look, we talked about both of those. In terms of the fee increase, I think over the last many years, we've probably done them at a time when things were particularly strong comp wise. The good news is during all times, renewal rates were strong and have gotten even stronger. We always look at ourselves in the mirror and feel that the value proposition has gotten better. That being said, we have done them -- I remember one time we were asked, it may have been back in '09, '10, during the Great Recession because I guess we did one probably in '11 or '12, which continued the Great Recession. And we'd be asked given the Great Recession, would you hold off on it? And our view was -- and comps were a little weaker back then, too, for at least a couple of quarters. And I think the comment I made was something to the effect, we'd probably do it anyway because we're going to use it to drive greater value in terms of pricing and everything in a big way. And so that really -- I think we've probably done it in times of lower comps or higher comps or good economy or tougher economy.  And I think with the headline in the -- I probably mentioned in the last quarter call or even the quarter before that, with the headline being recession question mark and inflation exclamation point, there's no rush. And first of all, even if we follow the pattern of the last three -- over the last 16 or so years, they averaged 5 years and 7 months. And I know now that 5 years and 7 months from June of '17 is January of '23. I know on the last call, I said, that doesn't mean it's going to be January '23. It will be -- it's a question of when, not if. But at this juncture, we'll just have to wait and see. And I'm not trying to be cute about it, but there's not a whole lot more I can tell you. There's no analytical framework we use other than we feel very good about our member loyalty and our strength. And if we wanted to do it yesterday, we could. If we want to do it six months from now, we can. So we'll wait and see. As it relates to the special dividend, as you know, we've said before, it's certainly an arrow in our quiver that has boded well for us, we believe. We think that's done well. We've done 4 of them. The last one was a couple of years ago, and we certainly do have cash. Mind you, when you look at our cash, about half of it's U.S. and not cash equivalents. And so certainly, we have the ability to do it at some point. I think we wanted to wait and see how things are continuing here. I think that, too, is probably a question of when, not if. But again, you'll be the second to know, after us.
Richard Galanti: Yes. I think it's been a few years. I mean when we opened the net of 27 or 28, maybe low 20s or 22 or 23 were there. But we've been at maybe 16 or 17 out of 23-ish in the last few years. If you ask Craig, who's not in the room, but if you ask him, if we're opening a net of 24 this year, I think I said, what's the goal five and 10 years from now, probably to get it closer to 30 net. And probably by 5 years from now, it's 50-50 U.S. elsewhere -- versus elsewhere. That's the same answer I, by the way, said 5 years ago in terms of the split. But we'd like to see add 5 to that 24 in the next few years to go up a little bit higher. Certainly we have a lot of activity going on.
Richard Galanti: Okay. With that, everyone, I'll thank you. Have a good holiday, and we're around to answer questions.
