Richard Galanti: Sure. And by the way, it's when, not if, still. And but really, joking aside, we're not that smart in terms of figuring out exactly why. I mean we know that all the factors that we believe, if we wanted to do it, would we feel comfortable in terms of renewal rates, new member signups, loyalty, all those things are continuing in the right direction. It really is a function. And I don't think it would be done simply because, hey, things have slowed down a little bit, let's do it now. We like the fact that we're performing well. We like the fact that almost all metrics are going in the right direction in our business right now. We've got plenty of runway left. And given the economy and given everything else, it's us, it's Costco, so I think it is simply still not trying to be accede about it, it's not some big analytical formula, it's simply a measure of we will at some point, I'm sure, do it. And I've been joking with Gary, it'll be on his watch, not mine.
Richard Galanti: Right. Well, I would say it's probably more likely to go up a little bit down just because of whatever goes on in life with inflation that happened. But I got to look back at the last few years. We were -- we and others were helped through the crisis of COVID. And we haven't given a lot of that back. If I look at our SG&A, I remember when in fiscal 2019, it came in at a $10.04 billion. I'm looking at these numbers here. And even in 2020, it was at a $10.30 billion in the first quarter before COVID. And then in fiscal 2021, it was at $9.65 billion and then down to an $8.88 billion. And now it's up to fiscal 2023, it was a $9.08 billion. So, notwithstanding that, I remember when it was slightly above $10 billion, we said, well, it's never going to get below $10 billion again. And a lot of factors continue to change. But just the sheer high productivity that we have is frankly higher than we thought. Some of that was gained through COVID because of everything else going on. But we haven't given it back. The good news is, we haven't given it back. And the good news continues to be that we seem to continue to be able to take market share. I think the fact that on big-ticket items, there's less SG&A. We continue to change the pack sizes of things for less freight, whatever it is. Although freight would be, that would be SG&A. But it is still a lot about sales at the end. And if you ask the rhetorical question, if comps went to zero, what would that mean? That would be tough on SG&A, but we'd figure other things out.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, nothing has changed. It's not unlike the same question I think that was asked of Jim Senegal after 28 years before he retired, and before we knew who his successor was going to exactly be. And I remember the Board asking, if you're 100 in terms of extreme value and extreme taking care of the customer and the employee and everybody else, whoever takes your place, what will they be? And he paused for a minute and said, I have no doubt they'll be at least in the mid-90s if not higher. And frankly, after Craig was made that, in my view, whatever that number was, it increased towards a 100 just because that's what we do. That culture is so ingrained here. And we talk about changing management. I always joke when people ask me as CFO how I'm important -- am I important to the strategic whatever of the Company? The fact is, is we're run by merchants and operators, and we're there to serve and help them and certainly add our voice. But the fact of the matter is, and Craig for 12 years and now in Ron, you have people that have been here for 35, 40 years and were born and raised and have grown up in this culture. And it is so intact. Just last week when Gary joined us, he had to go through the required two-hour Costco orientation, which includes the obey the law, to take care of your customer, to take care of your employee, to respect your supplier. And then if you do that, you can reward the shareholder. It is -- that's the one thing I can sleep very well at night.
Richard Galanti: No. First of all, when I said most, I was just trying to be human, that nobody is perfect. Everything is working in the right direction right now. And actually, I wasn't talking just about membership metrics, but in general, knock on wood, things are working pretty well. When I -- when we sit in at our monthly budget meeting, more times than not, we get pretty excited about what's going on from a new merchandising standpoint, newness, buying with conviction, and being aggressive and assertive out there. I mean, what we saw with just even that simple example I gave you with changes to big ticket items and why buy them at Costco, we saw great changes in numbers. So, we know that we've got a lot of levers to be able to pull to make this thing work. And so no, I just said, honestly, I said most because nobody is perfect. I didn't have any particular examples.
Richard Galanti: Yes. And no, and absolutely. When -- what is it? It's called -- it used to be NPD, it's Circana, which is that industry that shows you how you are on different product -- non-food product categories versus the industry. When we look at something like appliances in the last several weeks or a couple of months, the industry is flat and we're up north of 20%. Same thing with tires, more than that percent. And so, now that you can't say, let's do everything and everything will be up 20% or 30% because that's not going to happen. But at the end of the day, the focus of the buyers, as an example, is coming up with new ways to do things, to have great pricing, and to constantly improve that pricing and figure out how to do that with our global buying power with -- every time there's a commodity price increase. Given an item business, we have buyers that are in charge of 20 and 30 items, if not less, not 200 and 300 items in a category. They know a lot more, in our view, about every cost component of that. And I think -- I feel very good that we do a very good job, and I'm not suggesting others don't, but I know we do a very good job of getting on the phone immediately and working those issues. And as soon as we can get a savings, we're out there first passing it on. And that's just our religion. Now, we're able to do that partly because our sales have been relatively strong, and we've lapped some things from last year that have helped.
Richard Galanti: There's not a lot of trade down, although when we -- we sometimes have more control over certain private labeled CPG items that we're able to drive more business, and so we're seeing an increased penetration of that versus some of the brands sometimes. But then that gets the brands to the table to work to provide more value on the branded as well. We want to be both. But we haven't really seen -- that was a question that happened as "the economy was" -- the question is, are we going into a recession, a couple of years ago, and inflation was peaking at 7%, 8%, and 9%, and are we seeing a difference? So, we did see a -- if you look back over the last 20 years, and without looking at the exact numbers, it seems like every year we'd grow a 0.25% to a 0.5% of increased Kirkland Signature penetration. And then there was one year when we were asked a couple of years ago, it seemed like there was 1% to -- 1.5% to 2% -- even 2% change in penetration. So, people were, in my view, switching a little bit out, but that's changed. We don't see that as much anymore.
Richard Galanti: What is done strategically, I hate to overuse that word, it's allowed us to be much better in value and delivery times and quality, and brought the delivery costs down on big ticket items, particularly appliances and big screen televisions, mattresses, and furniture, indoor and outdoor patio and mattress and patio furniture and indoor furniture, some sporting goods. And before we bought Innovel, we're now called Costco Logistics in the spring of 2020. And the year before that, in the US, we did about 2.2 million drops. And a drop is anything from dropping off a sofa to delivering and installing a new refrigerator, freezer, or washer, dryer, and taking the old one away for disposal. Both of those are a drop, recognizing their extreme difference there. But we did about 2.2 million drops in the US, none of which we did ourselves. With the acquisition of Innovel, I think for the - probably over the last -- with this million this quarter, a rough number of 4 million drops, which I believe about 70% of them -- over 4 million drops, and about 70% of them is us. We've reduced the delivery times. We've just introduced in some categories like two-hour windows where you can -- or three-hour windows where you can choose, two-hour windows where you can choose. So, we're constantly getting better, and we've greatly improved the value. And when you look at something, a category like appliances, we're still a very low percentage of the industry. And, the fact that it was up, 20%-plus last month or last quarter, is a function of some of the things we're doing in terms of shouting out how good of a deal it is and doing a better job of that. But we think we have an opportunity to continue to grow those categories, recognizing they're all meaningful categories, but they're all small percentages of our total. That's one of the nice things about us that we have lots of different categories.
Richard Galanti: Well, on the non-food side, the biggest thing is -- well, not the big -- a piece of it is comparing to last year when we had extra markdowns. I think we probably talked about it last time that non-food was -- a year ago had been down year-over-year because of some of the supply chain challenges we had when such things were coming in late after the season in case some of the big ticket items from overseas containers. So, that was probably a chunk of it. On the Fresh food side, I said it was down year-over-year a little. Fresh is competitive, and we're being ever competitive on it as well. And -- but again, I don't view any of that as being terribly meaningful in terms of, is that a big change that is coming. There's always something that's up a little bit, and there's another thing that's down a little bit.
Richard Galanti: I can't think off the top of my head other than I -- actually, someone across the table has just said the word focus. At our budget meetings, which happen every four weeks with 150-plus people in town from all over the world, those are the kind of things we look at. And I think the operators are doing a better job of budgeting. And one of the things I think that came out at the last budget meeting in terms of budgeting, if you budget sales a little higher and they came in a percentage -- a percent lower, you've got to your labor costs. And so a lot of it has to do with focus and being meaningful about it. We certainly don't try to control expenses by not doing a wage increase when we think we need to, and we certainly have done that.
Richard Galanti: Well, in a way, we're doing the same thing here with a few people, most notably Instacart. And a little bit was shipped down in the Southeast. And I think we've got a test in Texas with Uber. But at the end of the day, we had that same-day delivery already as function. Over there, it is a third-party that's doing it, like Instacart or these other ventures here. So, it's just -- it's new. It's not something that's new to the warehouse club industry in China. You could look elsewhere and find it too. But it's certainly something that makes sense. And again, in part because of social media, there's been a lot of publicity and just, I mean, from the day it launched three days ago, it's gone nuts in terms of how many page hits it's getting and all that stuff. But it's just part of the business.
Richard Galanti: I think, who knows, but I think generally it probably trends up a little. There was a few years there, excluding the year when COVID hit, that we only did like 13 because there were shutdowns in certain countries of construction and as well as the US. But if you look back, excluding that year over a three or five-year period, plus or minus a couple of years there, it was about 23 a unit. Without looking at numbers, about 23 units a year. At the time, you said, what do you see over the next 10 years? What we saw collectively was is somewhere in the, hopefully, targeting, let's say, 25 for the next five years per year, and then going up to 25 to somewhere in the high-20s, if not 30. I think that's generally the sense that we feel. Could we do more? Yes. Are we comfortable doing it this way? Yes. I think part of that is it's such a hands-on business. I get to say that from sitting here in headquarters most of the time, not traveling like my colleagues do in operations. But, Ron is a great example. I mean, he and several regional executives in operations, if there's an opening somewhere, or not an opening, they're out visiting, usually at least two, if not three weeks a month, or out for three or four days, jumping around, visiting locations, not only existing locations, but new sites. And so, I think from a standpoint -- and the other thing is, particularly in newer countries, you want to get the first one open so you can train 50 or 80 people that want to move to the next location in that city that'll help that one go. And we were very fortunate a few years back in the first Shanghai, in Minhang in China, where we had a number of employees from Taiwan that wanted to move and be promoted into new locations, new jobs over there. So, that helps us when we have one, then two, then four, then whatever. So we take it slow. All I know is, we're all very busy, and, particularly the operators and merchants as well. And so that's kind of the paradigm that I think that we're going to continue to work at. Something in the 25 range, and then heading up. Just a month -- just a quarter ago, I think our budget for this year was 32, and now -- or 31, now it's 28. And that's simply timing. There is two or three that are pushed, that for whatever, construction delays, or you found something in the soil delays, or whatever it might be, they might have moved from mid to late summer to early fall, which is the new fiscal year. So, I'm feeling pretty good that we're going to open 25-plus for the next couple of years, and then probably 28-plus, and go on from there.
Richard Galanti: Well, I think that, again, the inflation number is a calculation based on costs and mix. I think it's probably -- I wouldn't look too closely if the average ticket was up a couple of -- a few tenths in the quarter, and then it was down a percent, down in February by a tenth. That's still relatively close. Some of it's a mix change, I'm sure, and some of it is -- some of the examples I gave you about lower pricing. Even if the underlying cost hasn't changed, some of it may be in terms of how we package, and we take advantage of that. So -- and that's on the sales side and not on -- not the exact cost from yesterday.
Richard Galanti: Yes. I think when I go to the last budget meeting two weeks ago, I think there's -- in the presentations, there's a lot of -- I used the phrase a few minutes ago, upscaling. I didn't use that phrase, but then buying with conviction. I mean, I think the buyers are looking ahead right now in an offensive way and a positive way. Hopefully, we'll be right, but we feel so far we're being right.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Instacart is 1.5% to 2% percent, something below 2%, but more to 1.5%, which is still on a $200 billion retailer, it's a lot. And we don't include that because that -- the Instacart person comes in, buys it, and checks out at the front end, so we don't include that. So, you'd add -- depending on rounding, you'd add 1% to 2% to the top-line number.
Richard Galanti: Well, without giving numbers out, we know there's an opportunity there more than we've done in the past. In the last six or eight months, we've brought on people that are seasoned in this business to help us, and it's a point of focus. We know that there's money out there. We've always been very successful in other forms of vendor buckets, whether it's end caps or advertising in our own Costco connection. And, of course, over the last several years, some advertising online or banners or placement, but there's a lot more that can be done there. Rest assured, whatever it is, we're going to use it to -- just like when we always said if we can save a dollar on buying something, we're going to give $0.80 or $0.90 to the customer. I think that mantra will continue on this side as well. So -- but there's certainly ability for more dollars out there. Some of our big retail competitors have talked about doubling in five or six years what they have. I think, again, it's a lower market share for us, so there's a little more opportunity for us to continue to grow that.
Richard Galanti: Yes, on e-commerce, there's not as many stored cards for our members. And as we're doing more with a digital wallet, that'll help as well. So, it's something that should help.
Richard Galanti: Well, we definitely have seen an impact from it. I think historically, the view was it has to be at least as good, if not better quality than the leading national brand, and at least a 20% savings as compared to what we sell the national brand for. And those metrics continue in that regard. I think what we've seen when we look at some of the items that have risen greatly in price, like paper products, on a percentage basis over the last several years because of freight costs, because of pulp prices, because of energy, all those things have dramatically increased. And what used to be -- I don't know the exact numbers, but for an 18-pack of -- a 24-pack of toilet tissue or a 15-pack or 18-pack of paper towels, you've got price points in the high $20s, if not low-to-mid $30s. And where we can show a dramatic savings on that, we've seen dramatic changes in unit market share towards Costco -- towards Kirkland Signature. But that's something that's been an iterative process over many years, probably goes up and down a little bit. I'd say it's gone up a little bit in terms of a little more of a penetration in the last couple of years.
Richard Galanti: I don't think there's a big difference. In new markets, it's always a little slower. So, like when we opened originally in Iceland or Sweden or Auckland or some of those or France several years ago, you're always going to start -- or frankly, Japan 20 years ago, you tend to start out lower. In some cases, it's also a question is, some local vendors may not want to -- local country vendors may not want to sell you because they want to upset all the big traditional that have all the market share before we enter. And once we get two or three open, they talk to you a little more. And so I think all those things help us as we grow. Certainly, it's changed a little bit in the last few years. China being the most recent example, when we opened the first one in Minhang in Shanghai, what, about four years ago? It made international news based on just the sheer number of members we signed up and everything. So we have a lot faster start, I think. Each year, we have a lot faster start than the year before. And so I don't see a big difference there. We certainly -- if you look in the US, I mean, I think one thing that's interesting is this fiscal year, we're going to open, whatever, 28 units. Let me get my page here. And, I think of the 28, 20-plus are in the US, which is -- some people have asked, has it slowed down internationally? No, international takes a little longer to do. But what's interesting is, is we have a lot more runway than we ever thought possible. If you had asked us five years ago, by now, how many would we be putting in this year in the US? We would not have said 20-plus. It's got to slow down at some point. But the volumes that we're now doing in these locations, we've got to bleed some of that off. And so that's one good point. And then we've still got plenty going on overseas. And you'll see that continue to ramp up as well.
Richard Galanti: No, I think part of it is -- first of all, I think the storyline sometimes is a little greater than the reality. During COVID, we did a little bit more. There was a little bit more membership sharing. You had individuals where one family member, maybe not the one that had one of the two memberships, was coming into shop with mom or dad's credit card. And we allowed it. And then with the advent of self-checkout over the last several years, when you walk in the front door and you just flash your card and do they look at it or not, who knows, you would -- people would get in. And if you're going through self-checkout, you're not having to show your membership card to the cashier. And so there's probably an increasing but still small level of abuse of that privilege. And -- but we also had complaints from members saying, I pay, why shouldn't they? So, the view was -- is we needed to just shore that up a little bit. And we did. We did it over a period of six months, I think about six months, where we -- first there was warnings, and then ultimately changed. Are we getting some new signups from it? Absolutely. But it's relative to the 60 million or 70 million members, it's not terribly meaningful. But it's more fair and the right thing to do.
Richard Galanti: Right. Well, it seems like Netflix had a much bigger issue or the ability to share was much easier because, first of all, it's electronic. In this sense, you still have to show a card when you walked in. And we're actually doing testing on that too, in terms of having your card be scanned and reviewed when you walk in. And we've done that in the UK, I believe, for a few years. And so it's all about -- just I would say it's as much hygiene as anything else. And it'll be slightly profitable to the extent that we make sure everybody -- I think we signed up more members than there were non-members then lost the small sales that that non-member did.
Richard Galanti: I think the biggest challenge with pain points, first of all, is full of merchandise and pallets through the system, which we continue to work on and improve. Never -- if you'd asked us 10 years ago, will you ever have 150 of your 600 US locations doing over $300 million and 40 of them doing over $400 million? The answer would be no, no way, even with inflation. The fact is, is we're doing a lot more volume than we've ever thought we would do. And so the biggest answer of not only making it a little more efficient, but driving more sales is cannibalizing. We find existing members that sometimes will say, I don't want to go there. It's too busy today. And by opening up that third or fourth unit in that city, we're seeing not an increase of by a third or fourth of the membership base, but a significant increase in sales. And I can't think of anything specifically. We're always doing things with -- Oh, David mentioned something here. One of the things we're in -- we should be doing shortly is having warehouse inventory online. So when you go online to -- now, I say that a couple of people in the room are smiling and says it may be a few months or a few more than a few months, but it'll be soon. But at the end of the day, if you look at something to buy online and we have it in the location or two in the zip code where you typically shop -- in the location you would shop physically, we'll let you know you can buy it there. And in many cases, it'll be cheaper if you go pick it up yourself because the online cost might be higher. It's typically higher, particularly on the non-food items. So, I think that's something that'll help that as well.
Richard Galanti: Absolutely. And yes, there is a way to tell. We're looking at it. Again, without going into a lot of detail, a couple of years ago, we brought in a new person in charge from IT in terms of all digital. He's built a team. They're working closely with merchants and operators, but mostly with merchants in terms of doing these types of things. And we've seen, again, lots of improvements with our app, with our desktop. It's getting less clunky by the day and more ability to do some items to drive sales and some promotions like that.
Richard Galanti: I got to tell you, we in the last 12 months, we opened like 3% new locations. We had a 7%-plus increase in new members. So we're not finding -- we do a few promotional things, but I would say we have not increased the types of things we do at all. And you're right. At other places, there's not a day that goes by you can't get a deep discount, much deeper than we've even ever done on an ongoing basis. And so, no, we're not doing anything different. We're -- I mean, are we pleasantly surprised by the rate of new signups? Yes. It's nice to hear and have. And I think the fact that things like social media has helped us with the value proposition. And so, no, we're not doing a lot of things in that regard.
Richard Galanti: Well, that's the new recent headline of that's happening and we'll have to wait and see. Look, at the end of the day, it may change the economics. There are other levers that we've talked to them in the past, our issuing bank about what we could do, but nothing is done at this point.
Richard Galanti: Well, that's exactly what it is. When -- first of all, if you think -- if you just take the total number of members divided by total number warehouses, I think we're about close to 70,000 households per location. When we open a unit in, not only China, but other countries in Asia, we'll have anywhere from 80,000 to 150,000 members that sign up, many of whom we are looking to lose and a year later don't renew. We will start in some new countries with -- once the first batch renew for the first time, you might have a renewal rate in the 50%s or at best low-60%s. And then it just -- over the next four or five years, it continues to grow to something that's higher than that that's higher than that. That's more extreme than we saw 30 years ago in the US and Canada. But nonetheless, that's exactly what you see. So, when you're just opening the one unit in Shenzhen or whenever we open [Technical Difficulty] a year and a half ago in China, that's going to affect the international renewal rate. When we look at all other countries, when we look at the 13, the 11 other operations outside of US and Canada, their renewal rate generally ticks up a little bit every year, like the US and Canada. And US and Canada, by the way, has been helped also with increased penetration of executive members. We have that in several countries, but not all countries. The smallest countries, we don't have it in a number of units. And also with auto renewal, which has helped us in the last several years. And that's I don't believe everywhere.
Richard Galanti: Well, the answer is it is and it does. So, the answer is yes. Yes, I was at an open -- I was at -- two months after it opened in Osaka, Japan, back in October, and on a Sunday, a random Sunday was not there on business, but a random Sunday went over there. You couldn't move in the place. And it was -- and it was great. It was a wonderful picture to see. So, yes, I think that despite the fact that not everybody has cars and despite the fact that people have smaller housing arrangements, value plays well.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Well, in terms of big ticket discretionary, I think we completely believe that it's some of the things we're doing on our side to better explain the value. I mean, we -- it was almost like you did that and sales skyrocketed, 20% and 30% increases in some of those big ticket categories just over the last couple of months. Even if a piece of it is a year-over-year comparison, which I don't even know if it is or it isn't, at the end of the day, it was very evident to us. And the other comment I mentioned, particularly like on appliances, we're still a very, very small percentage of the total industry. And so it's easier to take market share when you're such a small percent of something. So, I think that'll continue. As regards to AI, we're just in the early innings of that. We've had third-party AI companies, large companies, including ones that are headquartered in Seattle, come out and talk to us. We -- where there's a whole list of things that we're doing with working with IT and our CEO and our heads of operations and merchandising to see where and how it might fit. So, that'll be a question for Gary in the future.
Richard Galanti: Well, thank you, everyone. Again, it's been fun. The thing I miss most about the job is talking to everybody because I like talking. It's been a great story to tell, but it's been an absolute privilege and I appreciate it. So, have a good day and I'm sure we'll be speaking to some of you shortly over the next few days with additional questions. Have a good day.
