Richard Galanti: No, I think that as it relates to the one, I think we've got currently underway, it's very similar to the three or four we've done over the last three years or four years I think. And no real -- we try to put some time between them. We don't want to get people waiting for a promotional item, but they do work and they help and any of the timing is just that, nothing beyond that. I don't anticipate doing another one for a while as we have in the past.
Richard Galanti: Well, clearly, it surpassed all of our very high expectations. That being said, we're pretty methodical when we go into a new country, wherever it is, and we opened one or two units to start with over the first year or two and go from there. A lot of it has to do with the fact that building the people structure within a country, while we have help from neighboring countries and other areas to start the process, you really want to build your supervisor, your functional managers in the country. So, if you'd asked us before, we even opened the first one and felt positive it will be good, but who knows how and when we do -- how well we will do. [indiscernible] We've had five years hence. The answer will probably be the same as it is today. We'll open a couple in the first year or two and then open a couple more perhaps and see where we go from there, and we're certainly pleased and excited about what we've seen, but maybe it gets a little bigger, but certainly nothing that they -- we're going to be pretty methodical about it as we have in other countries.
Richard Galanti: I think the last few years, not only for us but other big gas retailers, the supermarkets and the Walmart's, generally, the new normal over the last couple of years has been better. And particularly for us, I think as prices historically have come down and some retailers bring them down a little and some a little more, they still give us the ability to, in our view, to have improved margins and operations and probably showing a greater savings relative to what we had a few years ago. That being said, the quarter was good. There are a couple of quarters, a few quarters back year-over-year that was also good. It does fluctuate, but I'd say the new normal overall is on average better than it had been.
Richard Galanti: The core-on-core, well, yes, I don't think there was any big surprises there. We always tell you that when it's up a little year-over-year, maybe it'll come down a little. When it's down a little, maybe it will be up a little bit. As it relates to the underlying factors of competition, we feel that we haven't seen any giant changes in the competitive landscape out there. There's still a lot of competition and there's a lot of headlines out there, but at the end of the day, we're still pretty darn competitive ourselves.
Richard Galanti: There's lots of everything, Simeon. We really don't talk about the future. I mean we certainly feel good about what we're doing merchandising-wise where all retailers are impacted by tariffs right now. That's having a little bit of an impact. But beyond that, we feel good about what we got going on in terms of opening up another 20-ish units next year and driving membership. We're certainly pleased with the seeing our renewal rates continue to go in the higher direction and getting new members. So, overall, we feel good, but we'll see.
Richard Galanti: Well, look. We don't -- in terms of the margin if we're doing stronger and wanting to do, can we be a little more competitive elsewhere? Well, not completely. Human nature dictates that sure, when things are going well in one area, you see what else you can do in another area. But I would say there, we don't manage it that way necessarily. As it relates to gallons, I think our gallons are up in the high singles. You have a theory, yes. So, we continue to do in terms of gallon comps much stronger than whole U.S. industry of gallon of gasoline.
Richard Galanti: Yes, probably so. We generally try to get things open before the holidays, so when things are -- if you missed the holiday, whether it's February or April or May, who cares as much, but if you try to push it forward little bit as you approach back-to-school, Labor Day all the way through Christmas and New Year's. And so I think the last -- the year before was the same way. We opened a disproportionate number of locations in Q4. So, generally speaking, yes, I don't have a schedule in front of me exactly, but--
Richard Galanti: Well, I think the prior -- if I'm not -- if I'm correct, I think the last in Q3, it was like one-eight or one-nine and this quarter, it was a one-four. I don't have a good answer, a specific answer for you on that. It could be mix. It probably is mix, but I don't know off the top of my head.
Richard Galanti: Yes, I can say to start with that we don't see any major competitive issues. Certainly, it's -- I personally think it's easier to manage some subset of our 3,800 total items that we saw at given times on location versus retailers selling at 50,000 and 100,000 and 150,000 items and they're dealing with categories. Certainly, on bigger ticket items, it's harder. I mean it's hard. With smaller-ticket items, it might be easier to eat a little bit of it. One with something like furniture or Lawn & Garden and things like that, that's a little harder. But overall, we have -- we generally feel pretty good about it. And we're, by the way, the other thing is we're an item-driven business. I'm sure -- I don't have examples in front of me, but I'm sure there have been examples of items where if we weren't able to greatly mitigate or mitigate as best we can be some of that tariff, in some cases again, we will try to geographically move the item or source from another supplier. There are limits to what you can do on that. But overall, I think were able to decide not to sell something and put something else in its place. I think that makes a little easier for us relative to general merchandisers. But again, it's -- it impacts us all.
Richard Galanti: Yes, we source from several countries, including the ones that you just mentioned. There'll be some impact.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Well, I don't think there's any dry powder -- M&A-related dry powder. We haven't or currently plan to do anything. We do have a total of $1.7 billion coming due in December and February, $1.2 billion and then $500 million I believe. And so we'll write -- we'll pay that down. We're always asked about questions about the special dividend, and our comments have been is that we've done three of them. They seem to have worked well or viewed positively. So, it's still in the -- it's still in our back pocket. But they are special, and so we'll have to wait and see what we decide to do in the future. But there's nothing specific that we have planned.
Richard Galanti: Well, we don't disclose specifics. But as I think I mentioned, I think it was Q2 year-over-year that we also had a good gas margin, certainly, that was a help to that.
Richard Galanti: Sure. I mean generally speaking, the bigger the ticket items where you also have a good portion of the tariffs impacts the price, raises the price. I mean there was -- these are anecdotal examples, but there was one category of those types of items that typically is up mid-single-digits year-over-year and instead was flat to down a couple of percent. And that is -- that included some pricing increases, so probably; I was down 10% in units. But that's a subset of a subset of a category, and so I don't want to suggest it was everything. But I mean given examples from our buyers where there have been items where we've essentially -- most of the tariffs is reflected in our price increase and we saw just as many users as we thought we were going to previous to that. There's been others where we've -- the price increase tariff-related, less than half of the tariff related to the price increase and even that, we saw some unit reductions results. So, it really has been over the board. But generally speaking, the bigger the item, when you pick an item that retails for $999 and have to get it up, we get it even about $1,240 -- by using a 25% example or beat 25% of the cost. But unless -- first that you try to do is get it to $1,199 and then go from there or $1,099. But it's really over the board. That net-net that was a slight negative impact.
Richard Galanti: It was very little. We've seen very little. You still see taking tariffs away for a second on electronics and things you'll see some deflation. Overall in consumables, it's been pretty much steady as she goes. One question I was asked earlier this week was about what's going on with the freight components, and freight has actually improved a little bit you over year. It's higher than it was a few years ago, but overall; it's all in the soup here.
Richard Galanti: Yes. A part of its mix change. I mentioned earlier online but also in store, electronics and majors, those tend to be a little -- electronics tends to be a little lower-margin business, but good growth still. And that again, when I ex the $64,000 question of is it competition, we're not seeing a lot of big changes out there, whether there's a lot of headlines of what's going on particularly on the food side, but we haven't seen any big changes.
Richard Galanti: Well, by definition, like in the U.S. and Canada and the rate of growth will slow down. But I would have said that three years ago because of what we've done in the U.S. and Canada. So, we keep finding more opportunities. But over time, it will slow down. We're also, of course, adding the business centers. We have, I think, 18 in the U.S. and one in Canada with our second coming shortly in Canada and so that'll add a little bit to it. When asked recently, what is your guesstimate, we truly guesstimate over the next 10 years on the basis of like five 40-ish in the U.S., maybe other 12-plus a year. Right now, it's been 15 a year, so it will come down a little bit. In Canada, one-plus a year. We thought we were a saturated at 80 in Canada and now we have 101 or 102. So, that will keep increasing. Certainly, there will be more -- what I think I think we feel most comfortable thing is that five or three years from now, the penetration of the percentage of those openings will certainly abide then likely by then if nothing is certain the outside of the U.S. and Canada.
Richard Galanti: Look, it's still early. It's the first full year, I guess. Generally speaking, you see more shops overall recognizing it's a little less when you're shopping online. And then that is still to a slight net positive than what we've seen before. But we have to be on the lookout is does it replace the shop? How many shops does it replace? But what we're seeing is you've got more -- somebody who's inflowing if you will and reducing their trips to the location a little bit. So, I call it neutral to slightly good right now, but that doesn't -- who knows what happens tomorrow? So far, I mean, we feel good about that, by the way. But we can't predict. I think by the way, I think part of it also is when we talked about -- what we talked about in the past is we use -- to communicate to our members aside from the traditional Costco connection and a lot of the e-mails, and the e-mails are not just for shopping online, e-mails are talking about hot things that are happening in the warehouse while supplies last in some cases. And we've seen good examples of that that can help drive frequency to the warehouse or create a trip. And that along with gasoline, not every person fills up with gas comes in. So, I think about half do, a little over half do. Even if one of them is incremental, that's a positive. We don't check to see what that is. We're not asking you to. But we know it's got to -- it can't hurt. It's got to help. So, we think that we're -- I think those are the types of things that will help drive us continue to drive traffic into the buildings, which we want to do.
Richard Galanti: Yes, I think U.S. is still going to be a little more than half. I don't have the sheet in front of me.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Look, we want to be the lowest priced and we're going to go as low as we can feel good about it. I found in some instances, we bundle so we create a value that includes perhaps accessories and other items or an extra whatever and -- but these are real value, I mean, real items that have a value to it. And that's to show on even greater settings. And we've done that in all kinds of things, whether it's computers or big appliances. And by the way, I think a lot of times; competitive pricing tends to be on some of the entry level and what you see advertised, if you will. And then consumers generally trade themselves up to the -- with all the extra accessories and what have you and that's where we continue to show good savings to. I mean we look at some of those big-ticket items and we -- they're pretty very strong savings to traditional.
Richard Galanti: Yes, Canada now, we rolled it out in Canada with some help from others. We would like to do it in a few other countries, but we haven't said when and where. But in short order.
Richard Galanti: FY 2020, yes. Starting with the two-day, which is easier, two-day dry. But in Canada, we're doing one-day fresh as well. We'll be doing one-day fresh, but we're not doing it yet. We're doing two-day dry up there already.
Richard Galanti: Well, with the seasonal issues, our Q1 is a month or right around Thanksgiving time. And that's generally when it's the highest payables as a percent of inventories. So, I think generally, the low point is Q2 with February where the sales are a little softer on a seasonal basis. Other than that, if anything, as we build out e-com and have more inventory in there and want to make sure we're trying to grow it, that actually probably impacted a little negatively that was turning to the fact that it's currently a very strong number. We also have some programs where ideally, sometimes, you have been -- there's usually smaller vendors that even though we have negotiated extended terms in some cases, particularly in seasonal items or stuff that's coming a few months and, sometimes, if they need working capital, it's a good rate of return for us to pay early, if you will, what's called anticipation. These are not big numbers, but those impacted a little bit that will reduce itself. Overall, I'd probably look at what those percentages were at each of the quarter end for the last few years and assume it's not that different. That's the best guess.
Richard Galanti: I think all I remember is we speak in a sense that we're still seeing good growth, certainly, very good renewal rates, good results and openings. So, we feel pretty good about it. Now, if you ask me how does that relate to consumer, who the heck knows? I think we all turned off the television and stopped listening to everything every day. We'll all be better.
Richard Galanti: I think, first of all, as it relates to the app, just getting more people on it. I mentioned there's about 2.5 million since we improved it, there's a lot of work to be done to add things to it. But that was like since July. I think we have over 10 million members on the app. One of the other things was just getting e-mail addresses from everybody. You guys have done this for a long time, we were a little later to the game then others in terms of collecting e-mail addresses years ago. And we had a big push in the last couple of years and we dramatically increased the number of members where we have good e-mail addresses. Now that sounds simple and why did we do that, I can only tell you we are and it's -- and that's helping. We're getting more people, we're getting more people to open the e-mail and click on things. And so I think we need to talk about in the past. We still have these different buckets of money starting with the improved -- the improvement from the credit card transition a couple of years ago to membership fee increase, tax reform, all these things have helped and, as you know, we take that into make it a better value for the member. And I think that's helped us whether it's buyers, Hot Buys, a while items. And I think that's giving us a little bit of a leg up over the last couple of years in terms of helping achieve the numbers that we have. So, I think more connections the members are going to help. Certainly, there's no slowdown in renewal rates. That's been good to us. Beyond that, it's what we see every four weeks in our budget meetings from the Myers, doing exciting stuff, constantly improving existing items. There are a number of examples, whether at KS side is we continue to improve the item and lower the price point well and improved item, and therefore, decrease the value dramatically. They're looking at exciting items, not just for us in the U.S. to ship to these other countries, but also to take some exciting items from other countries and bringing them to other parts of Costco. So, I think on when I think about from a merchandising standpoint, we're at the top of our game a lot of things. On the efficiencies side, we have a lot of expenses going on. We talked about e-commerce for a moment. There's cost associated with that as we do that. There's IT in general, with everything that we've got going on, whether it's e-commerce or fulfillment and depot infrastructure, the new poultry complex. So, there's lots of things that are in our numbers in terms of expenses as well and we've done pretty well. So, a little -- I think we keep doing the kinds of things that we're doing as it relates to global sourcing and in some cases, some vertical integration and -- but ultimately, driving more value.
Richard Galanti: Well, we're not going to be -- you're not going to be able to order something and drop it off an hour later anytime soon. For us, first order of improvement was actually I remember it wasn't that long ago were online, particularly on the big-ticket items, but physical items as well, as we expected delivery times of three to five weeks and now it's three to five days. And certain items with certain vendors are now on -- you can actually schedule delivery and installation. So, we're -- tires is a great example as well. It used to be -- with those online now, you can actually order them and have them and schedule your appointment at the warehouse where you're shopping at. These are all basic things but things that we haven't done for a long time. So, I think you'll see continued improvement in that. And none of it's easy, and it all costs more than you think. But those are our numbers.
Richard Galanti: Look, I mean it starts with great quality and great value. Those are the -- one of the things I think that has helped us on -- that's -- the jewelry area is a good example with the lockers that we're now rolling out to a number of locations. A lot of people on high-value small-sized items, they can't ship it to their place of work and they don't want to leave it at their front porch. And so we saw an uptick of some of those items and some other items like handbags and a little bit number of electronics. But as it relates to jewelry overall, I know we've got a lot of press because I mentioned a $400,000 diamond a couple of quarters ago. We're selling close to 200,000 karats of diamonds a year. That's a lot of karats. And -- so jewelry business is -- it's one of the things that hits you just past the electronics when you typically walk into a Costco and it's all about value and trust.
Richard Galanti: Well, look, this is a big plant. I think it's the most state-of-the-art plant that I understand in the country. It's going to be very efficient, but it's going to take close to a year to get to full production. And the first several weeks have gone as planned in terms of the first chicken went through and more each day and -- but you're going to get to 2 million -- processing of 2 million birds a year -- I'm sorry, 2 million birds a week in about 40 more weeks. The preopening stopped effectively when we opened it on September 10th. So, there's a little bit in Q1 but not like that big amount. But it's a huge facility, and it's also air-chilled. About 95% of U.S. poultry plants are still water chilled. So, all the issues in terms of -- it's considered a very high-quality food item and it allows us to deliver that while doing a lot of things for the environment as well. So, there's a lot of good things. It didn't come without a cost. It was a big investment for us and a little bit more in a year, but we're excited about it. Other things, we had -- a year ago, we had a second meat plant. We've had one in Tracy, California for many years. We opened one in Morris, Illinois. We also, as you know, opened a bakery commissary in Canada that will also serve much of the United States in terms of things like cookie dough and croissants ready to bake off on premise. We're looking at a variety of greenhouse opportunities. There's a lot of technology and new things going on in the area of agriculture. Would be nice to greatly lower the price of not having to airship things to Hawaii as well as being closer to the market and being better for the environment. So, I think given our size and given some of the things that are going on, we're going to hopefully benefit from that. But that's -- other than that, there's nothing else, I don't think, we've got planned in a big way. But I would say beyond the couple of things I mentioned in the last year and a half and certainly this new chicken plant, a few things on the greenhouse side, but not the type of capital investment required that was done in the poultry complex.
Richard Galanti: Well, we have it in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, U.K., Korea, and Japan. And we've just started -- we just rolled it out this month in Japan. Korea, we rolled out about a year, year and a half ago. A year ago. 
Richard Galanti: I don't have those numbers in front of us. I can tell you we continue to add new members. We continue to -- the average reward per existing credit card holder on the Citi Visa card continues to increase. The rewards are substantial, and it's really working well. It's probably better than we had originally had hoped and it's done well for us and hopefully our partners.
Richard Galanti: 30 years ago, I think the view was you needed about 0.5 million people to trade area plus certain number of businesses and all that kind of stuff. Today, that number could be as low as 200,000 sometimes. It depends. Some of the smaller or medium markets we've gone into in the last few years generally are markets where our competition -- our direct competitors were, in many cases, for 20 or 30 years and we had just never gone there. We've gotten probably a little more confident that when we go in it, there's room for both of us, and we've done relatively well. I think the other thing is, if you look back over the last few years and my guess is in the upcoming years, there'll be some infill opportunities. I've used the example on calls on the East side of Seattle, in the Bellevue side of Seattle where, historically, we had three locations, Issaquah, Kirkland and Woodinville. About two years ago, we opened in Redmond. And we only added -- let's say in those three locations, had about 190,000-ish members between them, households, so 60,000, 65,000 each. We only added about 10,000 new members in the next year, but you had a lot of loyal members that started shopping more frequently because we were closer to them. Part of that comes with you have high volume. And those -- that example, I think as -- before we opened that fourth location on this side of Seattle, we had I think over $800 million aggregate sales, 1 in the low threes and the other two in the mid to high twos. And when you get to that level, that gives a little more comfort that you can afford a little cannibalization. In that example, I think the first year, net of cannibalization, we did $120-plus million of business, $120 million, $130 million of business. So, it's pretty easy to estimate and guesstimate what you think you can do particularly when you have a loyal membership base. And then there are other markets like if you look at the Greater Los Angeles market, I'm talking greater geographic market, I think we probably have 60-ish -- roughly 60 units. The view is we can have another 15, but they're all very specific geographies, which are not quite impossible, but very difficult. And we'd be thrilled to get 1 of those 15 open every couple of years, but you don't know if that can happen. So, I think it's all over the board in terms of smaller trade areas, markets where our competition has been and we are just entering and then continue the expansion and infills.
Richard Galanti: Yes, I don't see us going too deep. I mean we're talking about tires and pharmacy and jewelry, handbags, computers, high-value small-sized items for the time being.
Richard Galanti: My guess is it's a little bit of an anomaly that I don't read a lot into it. It might be that we've really built up, as an example, increased year-over-year online, inventories related to our e-com and things like that. But that's happened -- maybe less of that happened in this quarter. We've kind of cycled that for a year, I'm guessing. Other than that, I don't -- there's nothing baked to read into that.
Richard Galanti: Well, at the club level, it could be the first year or a few years down the road. You've got a big central expense you've geared up. Whether you have one location or 10, there's not a big change -- a huge change in the cost of a central -- with the buyers and operations people and accounting department and the like. I mean it'll grow some but not nearly from one to 10. And so it depends on the country. Usually, it can be year four or five. I think in Japan, which is now 20-ish years old, our original budget was to open five in five years and turned a quarter of profitability towards the end of year five. I think we hit profitability near the end of year four, and we opened six. So -- but that's probably a good guesstimate. It's probably going to be slower in a country like France where it took us 10 years to get one opened. And while we're just looking for additional sites, it still could be a couple of years out. So, you're not going to go from one to five in five years. But that's going to happen. We're going to have a mix of those.
Richard Galanti: It was essentially on tax that some authority thought we should have been collecting and we're, again, going to file a protest and see how much. But I can't really talk to a lot about it yet. But again, it relates to, I'd say, a seven and a half year period that ended in 2016 that we were just notified before the formal assessment. And again, under GAAP accounting, we've reserved for it.
Richard Galanti: Yes, not really for tariffs. First of all, some of our private label items are sourced out of China as well, so it's going to impact everybody. And nothing changes quickly overnight. In terms of KS items, I think that you have seen of late and you'll continue to see a variety of items, I mean recent introductions or things like all kinds of specialty waters, essence waters, extra virgin olive oil that they have some impact on tariffs, chocolate chips. I'm just looking down the list here, several apparel items for men, women and children, more housewares. So, I think you're going to continue to see that grow and even -- and raise the quality further of existing items, that continuous improvement cycle. You're going to see that on some frozen food items, diapers. I'm just looking down my list here, soaps, coffee pods. We've taken the KS coffee pod, which I think, three or four years ago, we went -- it went to fair trade. Since then, we -- it's now organic and recyclable and we've lowered the price by over 10% to the customer while improving, if you will, the value and the quality. And it's driving more sales. So, we -- again, we -- there's lots of little things as regards to the types of items and what we're doing there.
Richard Galanti: Thank you. I think that's it. Well, thank you, everyone and the group here will be around if there's any additional questions. Have a good day.
