Richard Galanti: I think the biggest thing, if you go back a few quarters ago where it was that average came down a little bit, it's composed of two primary things, well, 3: Number of openings, and certainly they fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year; two, we have huge memberships sign-ups in certain new markets, particularly Australia, Asia, Iceland was off the charts, great, and so when those compared to in the U.S. and Canada where we have been forever; and so those time, as you may get. And then when we add new unit to an existing market, and I gave a couple of example of that last time, that will tend -- you know, we might have 65,000 members per warehouse in three locations in the east side of Seattle here or in the San Jose area; I think those are two examples I gave you. We opened up a new unit, which adds $120 million, $130 million of incremental sales, but only adds literally a few thousand additional members because you now have members that are shopping more frequently because we're closer to them; and so that will continue to happen. The timing of openings, as I've said, that will be up and down. I think overall, the number -- the metric did come up both last quarter and this quarter year-over-year for the first time and we're adding some new markets as well. That will help us. My guess is the average, if you take the total number of warehouse at quarter end and divided by the total number of locations, I mean, this is in the low 60s, it will probably remain plus or minus that a little bit. To the extent it was a little less, we'll look at it and say, well, usually the reason is there were less year-over-year openings in a few of these international markets. We feel very good about our renewal rates and so far so good on what we've felt the impact of the credit cards switch and the auto bill, and so, so far so good.
Richard Galanti: I think the biggest reason, over the years for some of you on this call noticed for 20 or 25 years doing this, and we've gotten so granular, it almost has become a distraction. Rest assured, anything that is impactful, we're going to make sure that you know about. But at the end of the day, what's important is total number of members and growth, existing renewal rates, of course. And part of the other challenges is for years, we've had -- early on in our career, wholesale member, you have to have a bona fide business license and truly was a small business owner. And then that evolved into a business mentorship where you have business add-ons, and many of those were not for business purposes but small business with 10 members, with 10 employees and the employer bought the membership for his or her employees. And then after that, with the Executive Membership coming on, those people would get off of that primary membership and have their own membership. So we know more about our business member versus not based on what they're buying than anything else.
Richard Galanti: Well, first, we have to wait and see what actually happens. I know in the first year, what we're reading about today, there's still some onetime offset to that for earnings overseas, historical earning overseas to the extent of that cash hasn't come back. That will be a partial offset, I believe, to what we currently read today. Look, going forward, we're going to do what's long term right for our stockholder's quarter's valuation. And for us, that includes all of the things you've heard about historically. But we'll have to wait and see and talk about it more when you get there.
Richard Galanti: Yes. Getting back to the previous person's question about why respond with a granularity, the big benefits were in the first year. There was some incremental benefit, but going forward, we're really not going to specify the detail. Needless to say, incrementally, it was a lot lower than going from nothing to the big benefit that we got in the first 12 months and that we'll continue to get and the good news is it's growing us percent of sales. In terms of core encore, I think it was down few basis points. I don't have that detail in front of me. And again, I know that was a big question last -- I was about to say last semester, last quarter, compared to prior quarters. There's so many moving parts. What I can tell you is we feel very good about our margins. There are a lot of the stuff that we have done and we'll continue to is offensive and not defensive and we are probably the biggest prize that's worth as good if not better than we thought it was going to work.
Richard Galanti: Look, all the members are great partly because they expanded themselves in terms of the number of locations over the last 12 months. Two, its front and center now on our website. But one of the things I mentioned here, we both have chosen for the first two-three months for this thing to basically have a soft opening, if you will, to make sure that we don't screw it up. And when I say we don't screw it up, it's growing very nicely. But clearly, when we market it, we think it will take off even more. But so far, so good.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, we haven't heard from a lot of members. I'm not so sure that -- we have not asked them either, by the way, but we do see the strength in our numbers particularly in store. I mean, the online is fantastic, but in-store is maybe 5% of our business. When we look at doing it our way, we still scratch our head about doing what -- even consider doing what some of the others are doing, not just other warehouse clubs, but other retailers. There's a lot of cost to that. So far, we haven't seen a reason to do that. In the case of these couple of categories, what we found is that there are people that won't buy it because they don't want -- they can't have it shipped to their office or their place of work and they don't want it left at their doorstep. And so here's a way for them to buy it and we saw a nice piece of business being done that way. And as you might expect, since we're not going to be over to pick up the groceries that we bought and put for the refrigerated stuff in the refrigerator and the frozen stuff in the freezer, they just go up to the cage and get this. Over half of them went in at shopped before they pick up their laptop or their jewelry. So that's what we like and we'll keep evolving it and we'll see, it's just the start.
Richard Galanti: We'll have at least two this year, having open one already and maybe a third. That's just a matter of timing. I think it's clearly in the list right after the fiscal year. A lot of that has to do with timing. In terms of the 20 to 25, history would suggest we are at the lower end versus the higher end. There were a couple -- and the real difference is that things that don't have on the plate already, it's -- can we push them, can we move, do we get lucky with the weather if we push a couple of days on different hurdles like with permits or whatever.
Richard Galanti: Well, we're trying to -- there's no good time to get a less granular, but when you add them all up, it was the biggest line to the bottom line but at the end of the day, gas is good, there have been some quarters. If you looked at the last 8 or 12 quarters which I haven't looked at, it's probably more than a $0.01 and there have been quarters when it was $0.05; and it could be anything whether there or little on either side of that. Needless to say, they were good.
Richard Galanti: No, we didn't. Overall, ex-gas and maybe the best was up a couple of percentage points. We don't really look at LIFO anymore. We had it, but we don't look at it. Our guests -- I think, if there was anything that's maybe ex-gas, there was a tiny amount of inflation. But that was on the cost side. Investing on price and given the competition that you see from other retailers out there, my guess is there is probably little if any inflation.
Richard Galanti: I really don't think that impacted it, Karen. It's really us looking at what happens when we get hot on pricing or hotter and recognizing we have these benefits from credit card and from membership. And that's what we do.
Richard Galanti: We really haven't. I mean, it's still -- even though they are big increases in what they're doing today before the day after with us going back to in early October, it was miniscule relative to our company size. We'll wait six months and then take a look at it.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, I'm not sure what we did this first quarter. During Q4, we did the Groupon/mini social. That went fine but I'm not sure of anything we did this quarter.
Richard Galanti: I don't think they're more promotional, but our direct competitors have been very promotional one more than the other. But whether it's a monthly one or a certain amount of dollars off to try it out, and so we haven't really seen any dramatic differences to that. It's been that way for a while.
Richard Galanti: Well, yes. But keep in mind, with all these wonderful growth, it is still very smart -- it's less than 5% of our company so it doesn't have that big impact to the overall company. Electronics, it probably does because we've been very successful online with electronics. And given the white club service, hopefully, members understanding that if they are an executive member and may have the flow brand card, they'll get an extra 5% off and they get a four-year warranty that includes using the co-brand card. So all those things will help drive the business notwithstanding we have to let everybody know. And I think apparel has been good, but part of that so that we are doing more apparel online. And I think we're also getting better with a small B on targeting certain types of e-mails to members to do some of these things.
Richard Galanti: The only thing I'd look at -- I don't know that. The only thing -- in many cases, it is the same number. We believe you have a higher spend because of a better rewards, better promotions. The fact that Visa is accepted in more places, if it is your top of wallet, old reward card, co-branded card, it was my top of wallet and now the new Citi Visa is. There are many more places I can use my new one, and so that's driven more outside spend. And the beauty of co-branded programs with big companies, whether it's airline, retail, hotel, travel, is that there's some revenue share there. So those are the metrics we look at. We also, of course, double the reward on Costco purchases, gas more, not a double, but everything else used to be one and now it's two. So all of those things are helping us trend in the right direction there.
Richard Galanti: I think a quarter ago, we said one or two quarters. And so we have one more quarter of flat to -- we're talking about tenths of a percentage point, half a tenth is what we'll average it up or down. We want to hedge our bets here a little bit. But we believe this in the case, but we've got one more quarter of free pass here but we were pleased with what we saw in Q1 compared to Q4 end.
Richard Galanti: No, we don't. Only because we did that last quarter because we know there was a lot of concerns around it, we thought that was a data point. And I'm sorry, we just don't have that.
Richard Galanti: Look, our philosophy is we invest in this stuff. We are also pragmatic. There's a lot out there, but I think we have a benefit also. We could take -- given our limited nature, limited number of items, we could just do some hot buys on a limited number of items that are truly wow, and drive sales and item at extra $10 million or $20 million in a week or a few weeks. And so it seems to work for us, we feel good that we've got -- we're looking at this stuff offensively and we'll see how we use it.
Richard Galanti: We got crazy a little bit, sure, I mean, yes, we're going to keep doing what's right. And again, I'm noting try to be cute. First of all, we don't know what the tax plan is going to do and we don't know the impact on first year of it based on some offsets. But you can rest assure that we'll do the right thing and we'll drive the business the way we do it that helps of those stakeholders.
Richard Galanti: No, no. Within the 26 is 19 of that 26 was that $51 million legal settlement benefit to gross margin in Q1 of '17 a year ago. So year-over-year was minus 19 basis points. So we're talking about is the other 7, and the other seven has primary do with a major switch we did and how we hand over, return and dispose of salvaged merchandise. And we tested it for a couple of years in one of two regions, one region than another. And then just the last six or seven months we rolled it out through the United States to selling all 12 depots that do this for us that can handle the entire United States. And needless to say, we did because it works, since it's positive. There's the start-up cost if you will of getting it rolled out and done in the efficiencies that we look for overtime. That seven hopefully will be 6, 5, 4, 3; but a year from now it will be zero in theory and then go the other way a little bit. But at the end of the day, we wanted to point it out because it is a little unusual and we recognize that you guys are very sensitive to these basis points of margin.
Richard Galanti: Yes, that will be a headwind, yes. And it will be a bigger headwind for e-commerce because we don't know if it's 5% or 10% probably in the high singles; that's a guess.
Richard Galanti: I think a little of it has to do with credit cards switch leading up to June of '16 for about nine months, prior from June 16 backwards. We didn't sign up any new members, but we had American Express agreed, there's no sense signing up selling for a card that's going to go away in June of 2016. And so there's probably some negative impact and confusion, and the confusion probably into the first few weeks of the new card given it was a overnight transition which was faded in behind. And -- so I think that probably had -- it certainly wasn't a positive impact, my guess is it was a little bit of a smaller impact. I think, it's -- I remember when those numbers were coming down, we were asked, and like you just said, we said maybe it's just normal, we don't know; we felt good about our business and one of the things we did is how should we get it more excited out there and part of that was the pricing and the like. So I -- we also had a little bit of hiccup from a traffic standpoint with the multi-vendor mailers. If you recall, the good thing is it's pure items with greater values and more sales than an MBM. However, the offset to that was we probably dug a little bit deeper than we should have in terms of fewer MVM days and during the course of the year. And we saw that impact basically December of '16 to February or March of '17, so pretty much Q2 of fiscal '17. And then as we said on that Q2 call, which was a disappointing quarter, we said it's easy, we'll change it back, we'll add some more days. We kept the lower fewer items and the greater values and that's working nicely, but we have more days and so we had less and where we had tweaked a little bit too much, we've had fewer MVM days or higher traffic helping days. We were back to pretty much normal in that, maybe a few less, but nothing that really impacts us.
Richard Galanti: First of all, I would like to think we would be doing those anyway. We have strong cash flow. As you know, we generate cash flow well in excess of our CapEx and keep increasing the regular dividend, have done the specials a few times and brought back stuff to at least cover more than, frankly, cover that, which over 5,000 employees get as part of the compensation. And so I'd like to think that -- I don't think we're going to sit around the table and say we have this big box of money and what would we do we are not prepared to do yesterday. I know -- now as we said, I think you'll see us do what we do well. It's merchandising and driving business and taking care of our employees and also taking care of our shareholders. I'm not trying to be cute. We don't know what we're going to do yet because we first we have to figure out what can actually happen.
Richard Galanti: This is -- I'm shooting from the hip on this one. Look, having extra strong sales in a warehouse on that day, they are more profitable as a percentage of pretax because you already budgeted your labor and is busier. We kind of know on the other end, hopefully we budget properly there so maybe it won't dramatically offset. But I don't -- We're talking about a few weeks here and there, I don't think it is a big deal either way.
Richard Galanti: First of all, gross margins in e-commerce even two years ago was a little lower than the warehouse, but yesterday was a lot lower than warehouse. So the bottom line was a lot higher than the warehouse, recognizing it wouldn't exist if it's in another warehouse. So it's all one big happy family there. At the end of the day, what we have found and what everybody else found before us probably is if we can figure out and we have, we think, figure out how to communicate effectively with our members on some particularly hot buys, it really drives business, and not just online. And so I think there is enough -- we have so much, in my view, flexibility and comfort in our margin. And because we're not being -- our views is our margin, whether it's a basis point lower or basis point higher is because of what we wanted to do, not because we're impacted by losing something to someone else. I think we're fortunate in that regard. And even with very competitive products, hydraulics is very competitive, we over-indexed to higher end stuff. It's all competitive everywhere, but within the electronics here, it is probably a little better, a little less competitive, which makes us look better. So there's so many -- we have, in my view, there's so many buckets we can pull from. I don't see that as a big thing to worry about analyzing the structure.
Richard Galanti: I think we still done things our way and we continue to evolve. Needless to say, there's a lot of views out there, like several people on the phone here, and there's a range of views. I think what we've hopefully communicated is that in our own way, there's lots of little buckets out there and low-hanging fruit that we haven't touched. Perhaps we should've touched some of them earlier, who knows. But we seem to be running on many cylinders here and the things we're doing our work in. Importantly, not only through e-commerce or omnichannel, but for in-store and driving business that way as well. We feel fortunate in that regard. It was funny, I remember on the last earnings call three months ago when we talked for the first time about the two new delivery options on grocery, on Costco.com site, these two links. And on the one hand, there's some out there that viewed this, yes, they cleared it out. There's others saying they had to do this because somebody else is wrong. Our view is we are kind of doing it pretty well first and foremost with driving our brick-and-mortar business, understanding that some of it was going to evolve in respect of this. We believe we were very successful with big-ticket items, furniture, big-ticket like electronics. What was evolving already 10 years ago online even with us was light club service on things you had to install or build like a patio set or swing set or a big thing television. One of the things we talked about last quarter was white goods. Over the last several months, we've improved our direct relationships with LG and Samsung rather than trying to -- rather historically when we were doing white goods not terribly well with just a little bit of a couple of item, not with the highest end stuff that we could sell in store. All of a sudden, we have great value, incredible value plus extra award, all that stuff if you use your Visa card. And we think we can take an item that was well under $100 million sales in a matter of few years be $1 billion. Now $1 billion is still just under a percent of sales, but it's $1 billion. There is a lot of things we're able to do in this tough new world. I'd mentioned before apparel, where brick-and-mortar apparel is flat or down. And total apparel, including online, is up a few percentage points. We've got worldwide $7 billion -- close to $7 billion apparel business that's compounded in the last three-plus years over 9%. Two reasons, growth in signature and weakness in brick-and-mortar, and some manufacturer willing to sell to us for the first time, so suppliers. And amazing pricing; so we'll keep doing that.
Richard Galanti: It's everywhere. The fact that the warehouse club concept is newer in some of those countries, the fact that we're opening more new units, we opened one unit in Sylvia, it's in Seville, Spain. Smaller market than Madrid, but you had vendors, even international vendors and certainly local vendors, that would not -- were a little crazy, they knew how big we are, and if we comment, it would be great; but they have a lot of customers that weren't drilled. Once we get that second one opened, it helps in the first one as well. We see the same thing happen in Australia in the first few years and again it gets back to we are in sourcing and global supply company. And clearly, with eight or so locations in Australia, we bring the purchasing power of $130 billion retailer to that market and that helps us as well. And I think the fact that our first signature items have become a high end, and incredibly low priced brand, incredibly high-value brand, that helps us as well.
Richard Galanti: Well, for the first four quarters since it was so large going from the prior program to what this great new program has done for us, we did. And going forward, we aren't. We did say that incrementally, it was a little benefit percentage-wise.
Richard Galanti: There's about little things. I mean, first of all, in terms of the shift, to help you -- as Matt asked early about the extra percentage half, it helps a little bit, but it's hard to quantify. This a little bit of shift with some holiday pay issues, but you're talking about, my guess is a small amount of basis points. The thing is the first part of the question you asked was about this thing and it will continue for the next few quarters; that's a margin item. That had to do with us changing the way to make it, frankly, more efficient and less costly for handling returns. And doing it centrally, if you will, at each of 12 depots across the country in the United States. Talking about U.S., we started -- we tested this for the first time probably three years ago; and over the last six months we went from two to 12 depots, added 10 of them. And so there was about -- that was much of that extra, that line item that was 26 basis points of which 19 was the one-time thing from last year. Those other seven basis points, much of that is that, but that's a margin hit; and so that will be a little bit of a margin hit in the upcoming, probably two or three quarters. I'm hoping it will dwindle a little bit, but that would be what it will be.
Richard Galanti: First of all, with regard to like -- delivery, we have done no marketing effort per say, so it truly has been a soft opening, both on our part and in the case of same-day grocery, on Instacart's part, we want to get it right. Percentage-wise, it's going crazy but it's very small, small amount of business relative to our company. Well, even with the comments I made about the laptops and the jewelry, that's the test. We looked at it and of course, we've been asked a hundred times, what about order online pick-up in store, we scratched our head in recognizing our places are a lot busier than others. We don't see how that makes sense and we don't hear a lot of members asking about it but we look at it and said where are some areas where it makes some sense and so we're trying. Tires that make sense and that's been very successful over the last year, year and a half where you can order the tires online to go to the location that you want them installed at, your traditional warehouse that you shop at; and that's driven -- in our view, that's driven volume to the tire business for us.
Richard Galanti: No comment at this point. We'll let you know if and when we decide. We're looking at that and some other things.
Richard Galanti: Yes, I mean, one thing that we've done is we've done a better job of e-mailing people to get them into the warehouse; I mentioned the New York strip steaks [ph]. We've also done some items that -- if you bought in-store a baby seat, car seat, the banner that's at the top of your e-mail includes some hot items or if you bought tires, the banner includes some automotive or garage items. Some of those are online and some of them are in-store; the tires, I just mentioned. And in terms of -- right now, what we're doing is high-fiving each other, it's working to drive business in-store and drive business online.
Richard Galanti: No, we feel good about that. We've taken -- of course, we took up wages throughout using the U.S. as a base here. We took about year and a half ago, March of '16 and in several markets we started people a little higher than that where we have to. Some parts of the Bay Area, some parts of New York, and there are only a couple of cities, Seattle and San Francisco, where there's a minimum of 15, but rest assured we'll stay ahead of the game a little bit.
Richard Galanti: Yes, we did talk briefly about it. Look, we think it's up a little, but it's muted by the fact that driving better value. And so really not a big issue either way. Next question.
Richard Galanti: We try to be a little less granular because if there are some offsetting things of there. The two together were a couple of $0.03 in total, but that's the difference. I'm learning not to tell you stuff.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, I think, well, we want to be responsive and we want to make sure that we're not being stubborn about things but we also want to do it our way. I think we've gotten comfortable, there are some things we can do that we think can drive our total company sales and profitability without impacting and also recognize that if we have 3,800 -- an average about 3,800 items in-store, maybe we have twice that online, this is a rounding year for everybody else in terms of what they offer to customers in terms of items. And so we have to see or how to do it and still have the value of what we do. And so I think -- we've also figured out how to do it without spending hundreds of millions of dollars. We are -- the two-day drive grocery -- up to two-day drive grocery that we're doing to a handful of our depots which covers essentially the entire United States, we're able to do that pretty cheaply because we are already allowing business members to run the business and not depots but the business centers, because you can already buy it online and have it delivered. But we brought in about -- just under 500 items that were more retail consumable type items. So our view is these are relatively inexpensive ways to try things and they're working, we do have to kind of first -- we have to measure how we do going forward if we love for orders -- on grocery orders online to be filled in, not stop you from coming; we've recognized it you may come a few less times during the year. How do we change that? And we also recognized there is people that live 30 to 60 minutes away from us, sometimes that's 10 miles, sometimes that's 40 miles and that's been a big move for us where we see this could help. So again, life has changed on big-ticket, big sized items and items that you've got to install, and in many cases items that you want somebody else to take the old mattress or the old refrigerator away. So we can show -- we've got nothing, some confidence in those areas that we can show the best value on the high-end stuff in those areas as well. So I think it's all working probably a little better than we thought it would.
Richard Galanti: Bigger ticket items, jewelry I think, has improved. Electronics, expanded electronics, not just computers or laptops or iPads, tablets and televisions but the whole audio side. Audio is everything from these boxes that you put outside, telephones and jewelry. So I think from a -- is the economy getting better? Who knows; certainly, there is money out there to be spent on the stuff and we have seen some pickup in those areas, and the Internet helped out a little bit.
