Richard Galanti: I really can't call anything as a preview. Some of the comments I made in this document as it relates to towards the end of the quarter, we saw certain things pick up. The fact that we went back recently to full hours, we are all better both us, our employees and our members are better getting through the warehouse. So seasonally, I think some of the items that were online has picked up that we talked about. But we will wait and see next week.
Richard Galanti: Generally, no. But what we talked about way back when -- at the end of Q2 and the beginning of this quarter, we saw some pickup when there was a lot of you know, when we had these crazy strong numbers and people were coming in to buy all those essentials, short supply, high-demand and short supply items. We saw some additional sign-ups but not meaningful relative to our whole company in those weeks, towards the end of February and the first half of March. Other than that, I think the fact that the traffic is down a little bit but the average ticket is up, you have got some members that are coming in and bulking up a little more. And then you have some members that are not coming in as often. So that hits you a little bit but overall we think that we are in pretty good stead.
Richard Galanti: Yes. One other comment is that we have also seen a switch from walk-in sign-ups to online sign-ups. And that's good. When you sign-up online, I know you are also required to have auto bill which is a positive for renewal rates long term.
Richard Galanti: I don't think necessarily. The only total increase is where we have gone to some additional suppliers in some very limited items. So we have expanded our supplier network in some limited cases. Beyond to that is more of a shift. It started with, if you will, some of the big and bulky items. And this started well before COVID, like white goods. And that's continuing and certainly the strength that we have had online, whether it's reported online through our two-day grocery or through e-commerce or certain third-party providers like Instacart and Shipt and others, all that stuff has driven some of the business from the warehouse to online. And again, I think, if I go back six, eight, 10 weeks ago, whatever the normal time to get something was, particularly like two-day grocery was well more than two days, we are back to two days. Same day, our third-party suppliers had challenges. They ramped up in the 200,000-plus new employees in a matter of weeks. That too has gotten a lot better in the last few weeks. So I hate to use the word strategic, we certainly know that big and bulky can be done very effectively online with a few displays in the warehouse as well but have that delivered and installed through online and that will continue. It probably has been expanded a little bit because of this people at home, things like exercise equipment and like big electronics and things.
Richard Galanti: Well, you know, there was a perfect good storm in the last quarter as it relates to margins and gas. And I think there's, not even our information, but there's public information on strength in retailers that sell gasoline in terms of gross margins. So we certainly benefited from that. A little offset to that was a reduced number of gallons. But nonetheless, it was particularly strong and I think that's evidenced in the matrix. You have higher margins on some of those other ancillary businesses like optical and hearing aid. While small in size, there's a higher margin because we have to account for the additional cost of optometrist and hearing aid technicians and the like. And so, those types of things, gas being the biggest piece of it towards the other stuff but it all ends up there was net net good for us in the quarter.
Richard Galanti: Fortunately, we haven't seen a lot of markdowns. Apparel, for us, is a pretty, there is a big part of it that's seasonal. And when this thing first started, we were able to talk to suppliers and work deals where in some cases certain things hadn't been made yet or they had the raw materials but they hadn't finished the product. So let's pay for part of the finished, for the raw materials but hold off until next season. We have held on. One of the reasons we went and borrowed money was looking at the worst case which, in our view, has not happened but what if we had a wholesome big volumes of seasonal stuff. We were going to, whatever commitments we had, we were going to respect. But I think, in combination of working with our vendors as well as sales have rebounded in those areas a little more than expected. It's not that people are coming in and going down every aisle. Some are just going getting their essentials and heading out of Dodge, but at the end of the day, I think as the weather has turned, we have been a little bit more, felt a little more good about things. Who knows what tomorrow brings, though.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, it's like I think everybody, for us, it's certainly a lower margin business as we tried to build it over time. It's really the gross margin dollars are stronger because of the huge sales volume. We are spending more money on it. And so probably, I don't have it in front of me, but as a percent of profit, as a percent of sales I am sure it is down a little bit and that's expected. But the total gross margin dollars are up, simply because of the sheer strength of it.
Richard Galanti: Well, we certainly don't believe that. There is going to be two or three new normals over the next two or three years and probably not a real new normal and then with its own set of difficulties besides that. We are asked the question constantly. When I talk about this giant 10-plus fold increase in same-day grocery delivery, that's certainly because people, there is a group of people that don't want to go out. There's others that want to come in but they coming less frequently and buy more each time. There's going to be some new normals. Our guess is that whatever it's gotten to is not going to necessarily, maybe there is a back down a little bit at some point, but still be higher than it was the day before all this? Sure. But who knows? That's something that we talk about every day around here. And I think over time, there's been a lot of questions and we are happy with our renewal rates and we are all going to have get past this. One of things that we and some others, what I will call the big essential retailers, we have all been fortunate that we been open. And when you talk to people, anecdotally they feel frankly more comfortable coming into a Costco which is bigger, more wide open certainly the six feet apart that we are all doing, with the mask requirements. There are a few people that don't like it but there's most people do. So I think all the things that we are doing including the visible things that you see in-store. And then look, at the end of the day, it's a value proposition. Our average gross margin is in the very, very low double digits, 11% or 12%, implying of whatever 13% or so percent markup. Traditional retail grocers are in the mid to high 20s and other big boxes are above that and regular retails way above that. So also it's got to be a combination of all those things. We have got to figure out ways to get you in and I think we felt so far at least successfully, sometimes begrudgingly but successfully figuring out how to get you stuff online as well. And it will be a combination but we will have to see over time.
Richard Galanti: Sure. Well, I think by necessity, we have responded and maybe for those of you, sometimes, I not suggesting to you Michael, that feel that we have been a little stubborn or are not winded to some of this stuff, we still want you to come in. You are going to buy more stuff when you come in, period. And we think we can do both. I mean, we recognize and I think white goods was the best example way before COVID. Four years ago, in the U.S. we did $50 million in white good sales. Three years later, we did $600 million, on our way to $1 billion, which is getting there faster simply because of COVID right now. Certainly, the acquisition of Innovel helps a lot of higher ticket big and bulky items, many of which people don't want to put in the back of their suburban or truck and take home. So I think we will have to see over time. We feel we have also been pretty good, again COVID has changed things a little bit right now, doing marketing and having email promotions that are in warehouse. And again, time will tell over time and we will figure it out together.
Richard Galanti: I think it's kind of what we would have done anyway. It certainly is because we now have the confidence that we can provide a better service at frankly a lower total price. Innovel was one of our suppliers that has always done a good job, as have some others. And as we build more volume on it and get more density, that too will allow us to lower the cost and lower the cost to our members. Certainly, with that and what we have seen again, I think if you had asked us four months ago, hey, we are going to have this big COVID thing and this is what's going to happen, we certainly didn't know that we would sell more big and bulky items. What were finding is, is because people are at home, notwithstanding some of the economic things of layoffs and furloughs, people are buying things for the house. We saw that again more recently with not related to big and bulky but lawn and garden. If you would have asked us two months ago, how is lawn and garden going to look, we would say it's going to not be very good because of all the economic issues. So I think at the end of the day, we are marketing additionally right now because we have the confidence that we can, we have seen the delivery times on certain big and bulky items improved dramatically on small groups of items as we onboard some of those items. It's a year-plus process.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, in terms of online sign-ups, a member that, again there are some members that aren't coming in or coming less frequently, to the extent they didn't come in the first part of this month and this is normally when they would come in and when they went to the checkout, it would notify them that they are up for renewal. They are now getting their email which they would have gotten, had they not renewed. And so that's pushing some of that way. Certainly, anecdotally, there have been plenty of people that have signed up to become members simply because of the one-day fresh or the two-day dry grocery. And so we are seeing a big push. I think it is too early to tell what happens in the future. I think more of it will go online just like everything else in life and we will do that. In terms of click and collect, we have very limited click and collect right now. It's in some of those high-value jewelry, small electronics. We did add pharmacy to it and that's not only click and collect, that's click and deliver through -- we are expanding. We are not everywhere yet with the benefit of Instacart. Tires, we are doing that where you could go online, order it and schedule it, schedule your tire installation. Photo. So we are doing more things. But if you are asking the question, to buy online and pickup in store in general, we are not looking at doing that on a regular product basis. We do delivery instead again through third parties in a big way as well as our own today.
Richard Galanti: Karen, I missed the second part of the question. In terms of how do we feel our ability to pivot, look, if you go back two or three months ago, we were cutting orders, reducing orders recognizing there is going to be plenty of merchandise out there in these categories. Certainly for things like Christmas, I think we reduced the selection of a few things. And so a little more regular items than out there items. And now we are pivoting to try to get a few of those items, which are available. So frankly I think in some ways it's been easier for us because we have so many fewer SKUs and we are willing to try a few new things. And now, I didn't get the second part of your question.
Richard Galanti: We are going to start doing some things in mid-June on a slow rollout basis in sampling. I can't tell you anymore but it's needless to say, not going to be where you go and just pick up an open sample with your fingers. But the sampling and both food and nonfood items are popular. And road shows as well. I think you will see a little more excitement on the road show side. So things that we can do to get people excited about coming in.
Richard Galanti: On the second question, the latter question, I don't know. I am not up to speed on that in terms of lower prices. I would assume, that's what I have read in the paper in general. So I would assume we have some of that ability, recognizing we don't spend a lot to start with. And the first question was what? Repeat business? Yes, you know what? That's another one that I don't know off the top of my head. Sorry.
Richard Galanti: Well, look, I mean food service related small business is down everywhere. It's been helped a little bit by some, we are less about serving the big restaurant chains but the mom-and-pop restaurants. And so that the takeouts in your neighborhood, the Japanese, the Chinese, the Thai, those types of things, they are doing some business. Arguably, what business we are losing on some of those things, we are gaining because you are eating at home. So overall, I think just in looking at fresh foods and the food items of what we call food and sundries, it's been way up, particularly in fresh foods and somewhat in the rest. So I think overall, we have been blessed. Now, the question beyond that is, what happens when everything opens up? I think it's going to be, the new normal is still going to take some time. You see on the news that even in states where it's been open, there's not everybody running to sit down. And then there's restrictions on how many people can be in a certain place at a given time. So again, having fresh foods has been certainly something that's been very positive for us.
Richard Galanti: Well, yes, it fluctuates all over the board. Certainly it shows improvement when we add a country like we have Japan and Korea in the last couple of years. It certainly is down from its peak a few years back. Probably the biggest things are that getting back to traffic, traffic is down a little bit. The other thing is, one of things we do in store a lot is something we internally call e-blocks or electronic blocks. So based on when your membership is scanned, based on your historical purchases, it makes all the sense in the world for you to upgrade to be an executive member. We have chosen for the last couple few months not to do e-block because it's one-on-one direct contact with the member while they are waiting in line at the register. And so we probably, my guess would be a little higher and then we haven't a lot of warehouses year-to-date. So we will get back to normal on these things. But it does not raise a concern for us at all on this point.
Richard Galanti: Well, we do what's called, we have always done it this way, a fully captured rate for renewal rate. So lets say you signed up originally in January. And so sometime in December, you get your renewal notice. And let's say, we ultimately get to that 90%, 91% renewal rate in the U.S. and Canada. By the end of January, you then draw the people that signed up in January, maybe by the end of January, I am making these numbers up here, at 75% and by the end of February you are at 82%, at the end of March you are at 85% and it takes, you might even get last 0.5% or 1% of that renewal rate six months out because if somebody that was a snowbird or somebody that just doesn't come in that often, there is always going to be that. In addition, whenever you have a group of new members, irrespective of whether it's online and in-store or in a new country, you have a lower renewal rate in that first respective year and then it builds each year over as year three becomes a combination of somebody renewing for the second time at a higher percentage than those that signed up originally in year two and were renewing for the first time in your three. So we don't know which direction. We know that we want to say that because we don't know where it's going to go. But the renewal rate right now is mostly related to stuff that happened four, five and six months ago and seven months ago.
Richard Galanti: Well, first of all, from online, there is regular online which includes rather big ticket items. So I don't have the number in front of me but if in-store during regular times the average frontend transaction was in the $160 range, $140 range, I am sorry $140 range, online which include a lot of big ticket items was probably $300 to $400 range. As we have added two-day grocery, that number has come down. Certainly, while we don't again include in e-com the same day grocery that the likes of Instacart and others come in and do, that's going to be lower as well. So all these things are in flux right now.
Richard Galanti: Again, I am happy to report that it is less than we braced for the worst case a few months ago or a couple months ago when we decided to raise some extra capital. Might we have to take things like seasonal apparel and seasonal lawn and garden and luggage, we do have some luggage to sell you, but it's a small category. But at the end of the day, all those things are less than we thought. So yes, there will be a small amount of items, probably in the few hundred to several hundred million dollars that will hold for a season or up to a year. But these are not things that are going out of style, even in items like apparel, which again I think we did, our buyers did a very good job of mitigating that impact initially with the suppliers. And also it's come back a little better than we thought. Not all the way back by any stretch but better than we thought. And in addition, we are not exactly high-fashion where things are going out of style. A lot of things that we have, whether it's some furniture items or apparel -- our senior merchant in the room is not pleased with that comment. But we are basic, we are fashion basic. We are not [indiscernible] about that.
Richard Galanti: Overall, ex gas, overall it's very small. I am actually guessing because it's a lot more sales volume than there is inventory level. But on certain limited items, we have seen extreme examples were like eggs for a period of time. Some of the protein items like meat. But I would guess that it's impacting us a little less than others in some of those categories because of some of our supply relationships and strength but it depends and it's coming back now, it's coming down. So overall, I would say very little difference than it would have been.
Richard Galanti: Well, keep in mind, Innovel is a business built over decades to serve Sears, it's owner. And Sears of course has come down dramatically over the last few years. And while I can't disclose all the numbers I am aware of, the component that was actually still servicing their needs had come down. And then also they had gone through their own reorganization as a retail company. And with that, I think they lost the business along the way. So you know, there is an infrastructure and a capacity in place, infrastructure in place with great capacity. And so we view this as an ability to do great things with.
Richard Galanti: I think employees were 1,500. There is I think 11 large facilities, call it the roughly 800,000 to 1.2 million square foot facilities. And then about 105 smaller facilities which could be as small as 8,000 or 10,000 feet or as big as 50,000 or 60,000. And spread out generally serving I think 85% or 90% of the U.S. And again there's a lot of ability, it has a lot of capacity. And we were doing, we worked with them for five-plus years, I believe. But like anyone else working with them, we are doing a small piece of our business because we didn't know what was happening to the business as it's parent was going through it's on restructuring.
Richard Galanti: Well, the only thing I would pointed out earlier was, those businesses like optical, hearing aid, a reduced food court, those things was somewhere in the middle between one and two percentage points impact in Q3. Aside from that, when we went from generally closing Monday through Friday and 8:30, we went to I think 6:00. But we also added an hour in the morning for elderly and expanded that from two days to three days now to all five weekdays. We have not tried to quantify that. I can tell you that when we have had some very busy locations historically and we said let's add an hour in the morning or an hour later at night, what we found is, we tended to just spread the business. So I think the same thing here. There is not a lot of big impact other than our qualitative view was that there's a lot more impact from shelter in place and stay at home and come and get what you need and leave than there is from anything else. And again as that, I was encouraged by some of the things I have seen with a couple of the other retail apparel stores that have just started to open and are showing good numbers, because people are coming back. So I think that net net is encouraging. But I don't think it was a big impact to us either way. By the way, yes, there was and you noticed in our numbers, Canada was weaker than the U.S. In Canada and Quebec there's actually current and outstanding limitations of Sunday closes which is new over the last few months. And there is also I think been a little bit more stricter generally over up there, either stricter or people listening better to stay at home issues. And so we have seen, in a country where we are the only game in town in terms of warehouse clubs, we have seen weaker traffic and therefore slightly weaker numbers than the U.S.
Richard Galanti: Well, again, putting on my blinders for a minute. Taiwan and China are the most encouraging. China, we have one location, of course, that's been open for less than a year. So we don't have a year-over-year comparison. Taiwan is quite strong. Japan is quite strong, maybe a few weeks behind that. We see Australia coming back. So overall, that gives us encouraging news for the U.S. and Canada. But part of that answer is, so what until we see it.
Richard Galanti: Okay. Well, thank you everyone. And me and my guys here are around to answer questions. Have a good day.
