Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, Gerald, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our earnings call. Let me start by saying that we're pleased with our third quarter financial performance, which we announced earlier this morning. Our total adjusted earnings per share of $1.51 were above our expectations, driven by the strong execution of our vaccine administration, increased mobility as restrictions were lifted in various geographies, and recent increases in digitally-driven sales in both the Walgreens and Boots businesses. Many categories performed well, including beauty and photo and our investments in marketing technology are driving further revenues by more precisely targeting our customers. 
Rosalind Brewer: A.J., thank you for that question. Let me start with your first question about the look that we are  across the entire business. So the evaluations we're doing right now, they are global. They may feel U.S. based because of the size of that business in the total WBA construct, but this is a global look at the business.  The one thing I would say about our business in the UK and other geographies is, we're seeing a slower recovery in some of those areas. So we are looking at a full enterprise look as we evaluate what's next in the company.  The second part of your question is around the collaborations I believe you said and partnerships that we had, and what portion of that will be in balance with just looking at our base business. And I will tell you that it's a bit of both. One thing that I will tell you is that, as I analyze the company and see where they are, this team has done some tremendous work in building partnerships. Those partnerships will be key to us going forward. There's an opportunity to innovate with our partners and really grow some of these collaborations, see that. And then as I mentioned, it's also about making sure that our base business is very strong. So it is both of those A.J., and thank you for that question. 
Rosalind Brewer: Steven,  question. And in terms of how we're looking at tech enabled healthcare, when we look at the long-term enterprise vision of a company, that is one of the things that we are looking at is that how do we address what's so important for the customer and what we embed within the company, and what we partner with, and what could be standalone? So that will be part of the work that we do. So we will share more about that in the fall. 
Rosalind Brewer: Ricky, can I add one more part to your question on capital? I also want to mention around the work that we've already invested in. The Rx Renewal is part of our investments that we've had, the work around our store level investments and our partnerships there also to -- I don't want to overlook the work that we're doing around mass personalization, as I mentioned, digital, more specifically in that area. And then the work that we've been speaking about in terms of the micro fulfillment hub and the spoke rollout that we have planned. So you'll see us continue that kind of work around where we apply capital in the future.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Roz and good morning. In summary, we had an excellent quarter. Total adjusted EPS was $1.51, well ahead of expectations and up 81.4% versus prior year on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EPS was $1.38,  (ph) above prior year impacted by two key COVID related factors. Firstly, we were lucky in a weak year ago quarter, which was depressed by the severe restrictions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Secondly, we executed strongly in the current quarter and accelerated the pace of COVID vaccinations. Thanks also to the significant investments we have made to provide vaccinations across approximately 8,500 locations.  Cash generation was also strong with year-to-date free cash flow of $3.3 billion, 35.8% higher than prior year. The strong third quarter performance allows us to increase our full year adjusted EPS guidance from mid to high single-digit growth to around 10% growth.  Let's now look in more detail at the results. Third quarter sales advanced 10.4% on a constant currency basis, reflecting strong double-digit growth in International and 5% growth in the U.S. The result included a 4.6 percentage point benefit from the formation of the German joint venture last November. Adjusted operating income increased 82.4% on a constant currency basis driven by strong gross profit performance in the U.S. and a rebound in International sales and profitability due to less severe COVID-19 restrictions.  Total adjusted EPS was $1.51 in the quarter, a constant currency increase of 81.4%. On a continuing basis, adjusted EPS was $1.38, a constant currency increase of 93.6% driven entirely by strong growth in adjusted operating income in both operating segments. The higher tax rate in the quarter was mostly due to a catch-up adjustment in the prior year period as initial COVID-19 impacts favorably impacted that quarter's tax rate.  Finally, on a continuing basis, GAAP EPS increased by $3.32 to $1.27, reflecting prior year impairment charges of $2 billion and investment gains in the current quarter related to Option Care Health. 
James Kehoe: If I can just add one thing, Lisa. Because you’re correct, the micro fulfillment centers will be rolled out over an approximate 24 month, 36 month period. The first two were up and running and we've already released funding for the next nine and that will be completed within the course of '22. And I think it is -- the simple part of this is, how do you free up time so that the pharmacist operate at the top of their profession. And the key question, and I guess that's why you're asking the question is how do you get paid for that? So the simplistic one is pay-for-performance. The stuff that's in development internally, I think we’ll give more visibility on it in the fall. One is testing and diagnostics. We did mention that. It's clear now in the U.S. that pharmacists have played a huge role in the pandemic. And the question is how do we expand the testing and diagnostics role so that we're providing value added services? And then the key to all this is the payers hopefully are now recognizing the critical role that is being played during the pandemic and the fact that less people end up in hospitals reduces overall medical bills in the U.S. system, which means their medical loss ratios are going down.  So this has to become at some stage of win-win for everybody where we are freeing up resources, they're spending time improving health outcomes and we are working closely with the payers to sharing that improved health outcome environment. So that's the simple version. But it's a two to three year journey here in getting these centers up. 
James Kehoe: Yes. Just want to take those. As we move forward, it's getting increasingly tough to track what’s due to COVID and what's not due to COVID. But obviously, with a result that's up 95% -- EPS up 95% in the quarter. I think you can assume the impact of COVID was in the region of 80% to 85%. So we saw solid growth on the core in conjunction with a nice recovery from COVID.  When I used the word recovery, there's two aspects. One is we had a week last year, and we're recovering from that. And then we had 17 million vaccinations in the quarter. And the vaccination is the key driver of the margin in the quarter. You saw the spectacular gross margin growth in the U.S., up 14%. And it's not a one-shot wonder here. This is actually very much sales driven. We had a great front of store performance. And then secondly, the scripts were at high single-digit. So we were on all the cylinders on that. I would point out that retail margins were up 100 basis points. And again, it's coming from mix. It's coming from more photo. It was up 50%. Beauty was up 15%. And then turning to the vaccination question. We actually had a pretty decent quarter on margins. The base business was basically flattish versus prior year, and vaccinations drove all of the upside on margins. We expect something similar in Q4, but a lesser extent. We've been quite transparent on the amount of vaccinations during the year of 28 million, 7 million in the quarter.  But before you get too excited on the margin build is, we estimate just on a full year basis that we invested in SG&A just for the rollout of vaccinations, $0.5 billion of incremental SG&A. So I think you have to look at the vaccination on a net basis because they -- and you are seeing that we point to 6.5% increase in overheads -- 6.5% in the quarter. We actually estimate that will be higher in the fourth quarter. So we have a fair amount of pressure on overheads. Mostly it's all spending against the vaccination efforts. I hope that covers your question.
James Kehoe: Yes, it's a good question. We spent a fair amount of time on this. So the full year of 10%, I would back into that number is 10% or 11% in the Q4 leads to 11% to 13% kind of range on the Q4 EPS growth. So there's 7 million vaccinations in there. The one comment I would add too is we've called it out in the prepared remarks, we expect SG&A to be up significantly in the fourth quarter, we will have an EPS impact of 7 to 9 percentage points. So in the 11% to 12% kind of range of growth in EPS. It's absorbing 7 to 9 on projects. And then there are a couple of onetime items we're facing. We -- there's a shift on impairment between 2 quarters plus bonus payouts. That's probably another 9 points of growth. So as we dissected this as we work through it, we were looking at a core growth of somewhere in the region of 27 to 30. We're doing heavy in both for future innovation, but also for vaccination and absorbing this 7% to 9%. So fairly comfortable that the core was performing.  If you go back to the original part of -- the original guidance at the beginning of the year, and I do feel it's quite important. Bear in mind, we gave guidance at the beginning of the year of low single-digit, and we're now at 10%. So I think we executed on all cylinders here. When we gave the guidance, we said the first half would decline 17% to 23%, and the actual decline was down 12%, so a good first half. In the second half, and I think people thought it was a crazy aggressive goal, at least internally, we said 30% to 40% growth. If you take our full year of 10%, that comes out at 47% growth in the second half. So we're actually quite happy with the projection.  I think if we go back and compare to what we said in March, there's been a shift of about 3 million to 4 million vaccines from Q4 into Q3. So I would say, in general, Q3 came in stronger than we thought in March; and Q4, it's essentially lighter just because we're shifting  into Q3. And this was very much in line with the more recent request under Biden administration to get people vaccinated as quickly as possible. We put a lot more expense in the system. We've hired more people than we originally anticipated, and we ramped up opening hours in 4,000 stores. So this is why the Q3 is proportionately stronger than Q4, but we're quite happy with the Q4 profile in terms of quality of earnings.
James Kehoe: Yes. So bear in mind that what we said in Q3 is the -- of the 9.8, 600 basis points are coming from vaccines but that's on 17 million vaccines. So if you fast forward to Q4, you're going to have less than 600 basis points coming from vaccines. So the rate won't be high single-digit. It's probably going to be mid kind of single-digit growth in scripts because it's quite influenced now by vaccinations in the short-term. But as John said, we had a very strong start to -- for the quarter.
James Kehoe: I think, first of all, we don't give guidance. So anything I'm saying is just a stream of comments, I guess. So you're right,  and gets you to 4.71. That's the starting base. I think the key thing money market participants will struggle with as they look into next year is what will be the continuation of vaccinations into next year because you've got 28 million vaccinations in your base here. And will there be a booster of vaccinations? When will pediatrics come on? There's as many questions as there are answers. Obviously, everybody has a strong desire in the U.S. to get back to normal.  The other thing is, I think, slight lapping that is we still have some adverse COVID impacts in the base here, and some of those will improve over time. What Roz did say earlier on, we are seeing somewhat of a more gradual recovery than we would have anticipated out of the UK, so we're watching that quite closely. But I think that's the big question for next year. The other one is what's the pace of investments as we modernize and getting back to Roz's comments is we want this company to be more innovative and to drive long-term shareholder value and what's the pace of investments over time. But that's exactly what the team is working through over the coming months, and there will be a comprehensive -- layout the comprehensive strategy later in the fall. So -- but I think it's the COVID number we have to wrestle with going forward, mostly the vaccination number. There's nothing else unusual in the base. I think if you look to the two halves of next year, you're going to have cough, cold, flu, which was a big headwind at the beginning. But Q3, Q4 of next year will be pretty tough because you're lapping 17 million vaccinations in Q3. So I think it's -- I wouldn't get lost in any weeds here. I would just think about what are the big items on vaccination and COVID.
James Kehoe: Yes. It's broadly correct what you said. So if you take out the benefit of favorable mix from vaccinations, for this quarter, the margin was broadly flat. So we had a decent month in terms of generic -- a decent quarter in terms of generic procurement. But the model is a scaled model. The more volume you sell and the more generic procurement you get, the better the margins in the quarter. So it's significantly helped by the fact that the script growth was 9.8%. So it's not a sustainable position in general.  And as we've said in many occasions, we start the year with a significant amount of reimbursement pressure only, which is offset through generic procurement and the rest has to come from volume. So the margin is highly variable with the volume delivered in the specific quarter. And then the watch-out is, I wouldn't take one quarter and extrapolate in the pharmacy business. The timing of accruals and payments is quite volatile and can shift significantly. So my advice to you is always look at the year-to-date as the best proxy for the forward projections. Don't pick a quarter and anchor on that because you're likely to get it wrong because of the volume leverage plus a point in time is not a good way to look at the pharmacy business. So we do expect fairly continued pressure from reimbursement over a fairly long-term horizon. That's not going to change. The business model is not changing because of one quarter.  But that being said, we had a fabulous quarter, it's driven by the role we’ve played in the community. We did 17 million vaccinations and we invested significant dollars to get that return on gross profit. We're quite happy with the base margins, especially front of store as well as very positive for. And that's a number of quarters now that we've seen favorable margins. So we had a very good quarter all along.
James Kehoe: Yes. It's -- we had a fabulous time with -- in urban markets because as you know, we have a distinct skew both in the UK, actually and in the U.S. So one interesting statistic is that in the previous quarter, and it shows actually the power of the U.S. economy as well. Once people went back on the street and started spending again, transactions prior to -- in the third quarter for urban stores were down 37%. And in Q3, transactions were up 10%. So footfall in the U.S. is very consumer driven, people back -- people are traveling again and cities are filling up again. So we saw a major skew, every one of our four formats. So if you look at rural transactions were up, suburban was up less than urban was up, but the actual biggest transaction gain was in the urban area. And the same play true on sales where urban is still down year-on-year slightly, but we think we will see an ongoing recovery there.
James Kehoe: Upside opportunity. Yes, particularly as you looked at March, April, May, it was that transactions in March were down 21% in urban. By the time they got into April, they were up 42%. So there's a market difference between March, April, May, and we see that continuation into June as well. So we're very happy with the recovery that we're seeing, particularly in the U.S. However, I would counterbalance that with the UK where there's been a longer lockdown than we anticipated, and they're still not fully out of lockdown and where some lack of clarity as to when people will be encouraged to go back to work.
John Standley: Hi, Lisa. I'll jump in. This is John. I'll jump in first. So, yes, VillageMD is a great partnership for us in the pharmacy, because we can do a collaborative care model for chronic patients with VillageMD and it kind of breaks down a bunch of the barriers that you might have in that kind of relationship. So I think there's a lot of learnings for us in the VMD experience. And there is definitely a script uplift in the store from the relationship that's going develop over time as we have opportunities to continue to advance the model, as we roll out additional VMDs across the chain here. So I think that’s that piece of the question.  As it relates to the various programs that we today to drive adherence and provide other services with pharmacists, a lot of our focus has been around P-for-P programs and Medicare Part D and other opportunities like that to work with a lot of our partners, and that's where a lot of our effort has gone. But I think it's really the future that we're talking about here. And so, the investments that we're making in iA to free up our pharmacists really create I think future avenues for growth of revenues we kind of look down the line. That's how we're thinking about it. And we think there's a lot of opportunity there, as we move forward.
John Standley: We're getting towards 46 of these things up and running, so it's a little early for us to guide you on that Lisa. We definitely see a benefit there. But I think it'll continue to develop over time and to give us a little run here.
John Standley: Yes, I can at least talk about the trends a little bit. I think what we saw really kind of started in the third quarter and has continued into June is that some of the underlying headwinds that we were facing in the business have abated a little bit here. So we saw new to therapy improve, which has continued in June. And we had some heavy early headwinds on seasonal and anti-infective prescriptions. But again, as we came through the quarter, those abated have now turned positive in June as well. So we've seen a decent amount of business and a decent amount of momentum in the underlying prescription business as we head into the fourth quarter. And so I think that's really positive. And some of that is also kind of happening in the front end as well.
John Standley: Sure. I think -- and just more generally, I think about -- I think your question is about the employment market as well. And so yes, it's definitely heating up out there. But it's really -- I think what we've seen has probably been more kind of in regional instances, and we've been able to work through those with the various levers that we have available to us to operate the business. One example is we were able to meet all of our needs to really get through a very busy third quarter with our 17 million vaccinations and really didn't have a problem. So we continue to watch the situation and kind of deal with it on an area-by-area basis as issues arise.
John Standley: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes. So this is a monthly credit, I guess, it starts here. And we have looked at it a bit. It doesn't look probably material as maybe some of the stimulus money that came out earlier in pandemic in terms of impact on the business. So this one doesn't feel like it's going to be hugely material to us. But obviously, we'll get into it here a little bit and see how it plays.
John Standley: No, I think it was more just the relative size of it as it kind of filtered into. If we kind of look at how we performed on other type of incentives, stimulus money that was just, I think, in times of relative size, that's all.
John Standley: Yes, I think that's the big opportunity, I think. So we've -- it's been -- we've seen like 2 of our stores really sort of take-off, I think as things have opened up as James said in suburban and rural. But I think our urban stores present a real upside opportunity.
