Alexander W. Gourlay: Hi, George. Thanks so much. I think on the first question, I think we've been really clear that reimbursement pressure is part of our life and we have very clear levers that we use to address this. On the pricing side, we have a fantastic organization in WBAD and a real partnership philosophy. And you saw recently that we've also now joined that up with Express Scripts to help us to deal with that pricing pressure on that side. Also in terms of the mix of the businesses, you can see that we are very open to different networks for different types of business, government and commercial. And also we are partnering with everyone in the market including, as Gerald said this morning, our partnership with of course CVS, and of course with our partnership this year, the pricing has been driven a lot by our AllianceRx partnership, so fundamentally changed our position in specialty. We don't see any of that changing going forward. The one bigger opportunity we have, of course, on that side of it is, of course, the work on print optimization, which give us another lever in which to manage the cost of reimbursement and pricing on the pharmacy side. So we see that – that's how we see it today. On the retail side, we made a deliberate change when we do this consistently, but maybe more aggressively in Q4 in the promotional side. And that was the additional impact that you primarily saw in terms of the trend change in our front-end sales. And as George said in his prepared remarks, we improved both the margin and the gross margin in the front end. And again, we are seeing good growth in beauty. In fact, if you look over the last two years against front-end sales, we've seen a 60 bps improvement in the beauty category in that period of time. So we see our strategies working in both the retail side and the pharmacy side and we continue to work hard, as Stefano said in his prepared remarks, to drive these opportunities as they come with different partners in different ways.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Hi, Lisa. It's Alex here. I think, as you clearly see from the CVS announcement yesterday and previous ones that we have also been involved in, health outcomes are becoming more important in all of the networks and for all of the peers. And I think that you can see that in the Med D networks and you can also see that in some commercial networks as well. Again, we can't be explicit in terms of what we get and don't get paid for and how that affects the overall payment to pharmacies, but more of a payment slowly but surely over time we see as being driven by the role of the pharmacist and the service they provide to the patient in the pharmacy that drives different behaviors and different outcomes. I think that's very clear. And that's slow, but it's certainly happening and we saw something very similar in Europe, particularly in the UK. So, we have a lot of experience in our group as the model changes to more peer services for outcomes rather than just dispensing tablets into a bottle. That is for sure. I think the networks are also changing, as you can clearly see. They are becoming more nodal, not just on the Med D and the Medicaid sides, but also in the commercial sides. That's very much driven by the strategies of the PBMs and the insurance companies. And we are very open and very happy to speak to anyone about our network. The deal with Rite Aid, as we said on many occasions, was to improve our network. And then through that improvement in reach was to improve the quality of that network for the peers and the customers that we serve.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Yeah, so I'll just add one thing. Remember that our strategy in the front end is a very important lever as well here. So there's costs, as George has mentioned, where we're actively preparing and managing costs ahead of the game and I think we have a very strong track record, I think it was 17 consecutive quarters where we've reduced our cost as a percent of sales. We're making strong progress in key elements of our front end strategy and, again, that will play through the year. And of course, as George has said, our partnerships with Prime and also with UnitedHealth in Med D is an important partnership. So again, I would just point to the many different ways that we have developed our front end – sorry, our overall U.S.A. business as evidence that we can continue to grow operating profit going forward.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Yes, I think as George said in the previous answer, absolutely. The specialty business, as you know well, we will grow much faster than the past but the margin is much smaller. But it's still a very good business and a very important business, as half the market will be specialty by 2020.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Hi, Robert. Again, it's going to be a similar answer, I'm sorry, but it's really a similar answer. As Stefano said in his prepared remarks, we will look carefully at what we are achieving and we'll look carefully to what we can achieve and we use all the levers available to us, as you'd expect. So we are confident that we can grow our share, as George said in prepared remarks, in Med D and in the other books of business. So volume will continue to grow. We continue to work hard with partners to gain access in the networks that are available to us, both commercial and government. And again, the announcement last night was another example of that. And of course, we continue to really work hard to make sure that we give real incentives, effectively, to our peers, as they want to be paid not just in the cost to fill the products, but to develop services with them that will change the model over time. So we are in the market, we work with the market, we adapt to the market. And I think our evidence is very good. So we remain really positive that the 120 basis points growth that we have achieved in the dispensing market will continue to be held and we remain very positive that over time, particularly with the acquisition of the assets of Rite Aid, that we'll continue to grow market share in pharmacy volume and retain and grow gross profit dollars.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Just one example, over summer, we decided (50:06) to the simplified stores in Walgreens and we did 1,500 stores in a matter of weeks. And that was really designed to not just face into some cost challenges in these lower stores in terms of lower-volume stores for front end, but also get working capital out and I can tell you successfully achieve both of these in a very short period of time and give us lessons for the rest of this period as well.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Hi, Bryan. Thanks for the question. Yeah, it really was quite simple. Post the transaction, the team's really looked at it location by location. And really, the vast majority of these closures will be Rite Aid and the vast majority are actually – being closed are within one mile of another drugstore that we own going forward. So it really is a micro level and real detail and also we have a very strong record of file transfers. We understand how to do it. We understand the economics of it very clearly. And I think as the numbers that George described in terms of the value of this $300 million by spending approximately $450 million, you can see this is economically a very good thing to do. But also because mainly within one mile of each other, it means that the network, the ones remaining, really, is buying on our strategy. It really is about improving access to Walgreens in the future and in Northeast and the South of the country.
Alexander W. Gourlay: And also, Eric, I mean, I would encourage you to take a trip to the UK, see how we continue to improve the model in the UK. For example, our holiday season started really strong in the UK because the gifting in that marketplace is really strong this year. So again, I think we often have a conversation in this call about the U.S.A. only. We have a model in Europe which we continue to improve and continue to drive, and I think it's worth sometimes understanding that model even more in terms of looking at the whole group and what we can bring to the knowhow to the American market.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Hi, Alvin, it's Alex here. Again, from an operational point of view, we feel really good about this execution. The team have been working really closely, this has actually gone on (01:09:21) for almost two years, and we got going really quickly and the first stores that was mentioned in the prepared remarks by George have transferred really well. So I think we're feeling good. We're well prepared and we'll get this job done and execute it really well and get this network inside of Walgreens network.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Mail order is part of AllianceRx, so it's part of our Prime business. So really, we're at the very early stages of this. I think as a previous question came in, we don't think of mail order separately from the network. We think of how do we make it the most convenient way for customers to receive their prescriptions in a way that they want to. So we're confident that we can grow our pharmacy business, including mail order over time by having a really customer-focused approach, working closely with Prime in this case but also closely with other partners on the network.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Yeah. It's Alex here. Yeah, I think, obviously, it's an evolving situation from the point of view of the networks. I go back to the point that we want to partner with absolutely everyone. This was a PBM contract, not a pharmacy contract. And we have a relatively low share of the network within the Anthem book of business today. So we believe as things evolve with our performance-based networks, our higher quality pharmacies, our better customer offer, we can play a big part in the evolving Anthem PBM.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Currency is obviously a key factor in this, as obviously, in forming our overall guidance, we assume constant rates. But in the international division, the number of different markets with – obviously in the UK, we're very confident about continuing to grow our Boots business, which has got a very strong position with its differentiated products and product ranges, in some of the international markets in Latin America. These are, by nature, more challenging, a challenging market. But again, we believe that we've got the right strategy to continue to develop those businesses. So we're very confident overall about our prospects in really in all three of our divisions, not just Retail Pharmacy International.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Yes, I mean, obviously, CVS PBM is a very, very important partner. And we said this in previous calls, has always been so and always will be so in the marketplace. They discussed with us this performance network where they wanted to have around about 30,000 (01:23:53) pharmacies where they could manage and measure the performance of the individual pharmacy in certain ways that drove better health outcomes for patients and for payers. And we worked with them and agreed as part of the normal agreements to go into this network. So we're very pleased. We think this is an important move for us and an important move for CVS. And we look forward to making this network successful.
Alexander W. Gourlay: They will take time to come through because as we go through the store optimization, the store optimization program, and we've set out the timescales for the programs, the important thing, as I think Alex emphasized, is that we do that in a structured and disciplined way so that we, like we do with file buys, we maximize the transfer of the business that we're acquiring into the combined store. And that – we've got a lot of experience in doing, but we will do that over a period of time on a store-by-store basis. And we've got a – there's a very well experienced team being set up to lead this within the Walgreens business. So you should expect things to come over time. We're very clear both in terms of the benefit. The benefit will be the $300 million by the end of 2020, but it will ramp up over time is how I would best describe it. The same thing then with the overall $300 million that we also talked about in the synergies. Again, that takes time as we move over the business over our – more and more over our control as we move on to our systems and our ways of working.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Yeah. Hi, Mike, it's Alex here. Yeah, Walgreens' strategy is always to be the – very convenient, it's a convenient-driven strategy and that does not change. So the model we are developing really is to really understand more and more how customers will shop today and in the future from a convenient location. So job number one is to simplify the offer so they can find a product really quickly they want at good value, a combination of convenience, quality of products, uniqueness of products and also price. We believe we can do that really well in healthcare and do well in healthcare OTC and also going forward, we're doing it better and better and better in beauty. We think that's one that we can accomplish. In terms of other categories, they're very important to that offer. So we are working hard. For example, we just re-launched the Nice! product, that own brand product. The packaging is fantastic. It is doing really well early on, and that's a roll-in, roll-out. So again, we will continue to improve the quality of our products and the quality of our value and improve the convenience as part of that model. I think that the second thing I would say is that what's really important to the customer in the future, particularly the evolving customer is the app and how we can join both the convenience store with our mega (01:30:05) app under Walgreens. And we've got a really good platform, a mature platform there and more and more, we're connecting it into a store and allowing other people also to connect into store in the same way. So again, since we combined all of our assets and ecommerce under Walgreens.com, we have seen good positive growth in Walgreens.com, in particularly health and beauty again. And again, we continue to invest in that particular capability and will do going forward. So again, nothing changes. We just got to adapt to the evolving customer. Of course, we want to see improvements in front-end sales, but more importantly of all, we want to see a value proposition, a customer proposition, which really makes us more unique and more focused on the emerging customer than the all-drugstore model. And that just takes time, as we said before.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Yes, thank you. And I think, the most obvious thing for us is how they have adopted to run a lower cost, genuine lower costs, low volume front-end model. So I think as we said before, we have – we've started our journey with the 1,500 lower-volume stores in the summer and for sure, I'm looking forward to reunderstanding how they apply – how we can apply their thinking to our model going forward. That's one area that is very obvious to me. I think the second area is we're getting a lot of great people. We're getting the operational teams who have run that business, who understand the drugstore channel. I'm sure within that, we will find talent that will really help improve the great talent we already have in Walgreens of the two obvious areas, looking at it going forward, and I'm sure we'll discover more. You always learn lots from acquisitions and we're very open to learning more going forward.
Alexander W. Gourlay: Oh, well, again, we believe that over time, by transforming everything into the Walgreens brand and improving by learning lessons from Rite Aid and also applying what we are doing from the knowhow we have in our group, WBA, to the Walgreens model, that we will be able to generate similar returns today from Rite Aid as we get from Walgreens. So for sure, there are some location – some profit disadvantages in the Rite Aid portfolio. We understand that. But having said all of that, so we think we can improve Walgreens further and we can improve Rite Aid further and put them both together. So I know it's a clear answer to the question, but we are confident in the synergies of being $300 million plus over the full-year period. And of course, we're looking to improve that further. And as Stefano said in his prepared remarks, we're always looking to improve our core business anyway and will put both of these together going forward.
George Rollo Fairweather: Really nothing to – I really don't have much to add to what we said in the prepared statements and just what Alex has said. Just I think the one thing I would add to Alex, if you remember in the third quarter when we were looking at gross profit percentage and RPI, I drew attention to the fact that we'd obviously post the establishment of the AllianceRx Walgreens Prime joint venture, which we consolidate. If you recall, I said that impacted the mix by about 100 basis points, and of course we didn't have a full three months in at that time. So it's just worth bearing that in mind. But I mean, we're very pleased, as you can see, with the progress that we're making in both the retail and the pharmacy part of our business in the States.
George Rollo Fairweather: I very much tried in my prepared remarks to really point you in the direction of our thinking. Obviously, we don't give specific guidance on adjusted operating growth in total or in our divisions, but I think from what you've said, you'll gather that we're very confident that we can continue to grow our business through that combination of driving the top line, managing the margins and obviously, keeping a very, very tight control of the costs because saving costs is very much our way of life. The one thing I would sort of just, I think, remind everyone is, of course, that in this new fiscal year, we'll have a full year of contribution from the Prime acquisition which resulted in the forming of our AllianceRx business.
George Rollo Fairweather: Well, the main cost transformation program, obviously, we completed that last year and we were delighted with the results and the costs, as you've seen, have come in exactly where we anticipated them to be. In terms of the store optimization program that we've announced today, clearly the majority of that is cash and then we're going to have the investment in the capital in the Rite Aid stores and the conversion and the rebranding. And so we've tried to give that factor into guidance. But I'm very confident about our ability to continue to deliver a really strong cash flow. I think as I explained in my remarks, we had another very strong year for cash flow in the year just ended, the same the prior year. We were really able to really continue, in particular, to improve our working capital efficiency. We talk a lot about driving cost efficiency, which is a way of life, but similarly continuing to improve working capital is a way of life as well. And so I'm very confident that we're going to continue to really be a very strong cash generative business going forward. And obviously, when it comes to the returns on all the projects that we do, similarly as I think we've said on many times, we're very disciplined in the way we evaluate all our capital expenditure and investment programs. And I'm very confident that we'll get the returns on those.
George Rollo Fairweather: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. Again, as you know, the sizable amount of these stores, not the majority in this occasion, have been remodeled. So therefore, they are in good shape. However, there are some which are very important just from a network point of view that would require some additional capital. And also as we develop the front-end proposition in Walgreens further, we'll have the opportunity to move some of that investment with a good return also into these stores. So again George has mentioned a figure for, not just for integration, but a figure also of $0.5 billion. I think it was more or less for capital improvement into the stores that we're buying and remaining open going forward.
George Rollo Fairweather: Eric, if you worked for Walgreens, you know that you'd know the answer, but unfortunately, we can't give you the answer. We don't give that level of details, and I'm really sorry we can't give that. But we keep on reassuring you that we understand the model really well. We are working diligently to apply that model appropriately in the U.S.A. and we believe we're making strong progress and you can see that coming through at an economic value that Stefano described. So again, we're into almost 3,000, 2,900 stores with the differentiation. We have farther to go much more opportunity there. You can see that we have also materially improved the cost of goods, both in the retail side and also on the generic side, again, (55:45) that constant working with suppliers and long-term ways to make that happen. And you can see how we are carefully investing our cash as well as our operating costs to drive improvements in volume and also improvements in customer experience. Our internal Net Promoter Score's and many of our brand measures are improving going forward towards more of a pharmacy-led health, wellness and beauty retailer. So we continue to work diligently on this model. We continue to believe strongly that we absolutely know more about the American market has achieved it. We understand the customer is changing, we understand the market is changing and we will adapt appropriately. So again, I don't know what more we can say. We can't give you any more detail. But I promise you that we are satisfied with the progress we are making.
George Rollo Fairweather: Hi, Ricky. Again, just on the FedEx point, I just want to say what a fantastic partnership we have here. And also when you think about the idea of the last mile and having the ability to really deliver in the last mile, we believe this FedEx partnership, which we've rolled out in a matter of months to every single drugstore apart from those affected by the hurricane, as Stefano said, is not available to our customers and to FedEx's business partners as well. So I think that's just one quick example of how we are rapidly changing with the market as it rapidly changes. And I think that this idea of the last mile, which many people are struggling with, many – particularly the online business are struggling with. I think the stat in the marketplace is that 30% of e-commerce get returned, for example, parcels get returned, reversal in the supply chain is a big customer problem. Piracy is a big customer problem. We believe that with the best last mile, working with people at FedEx and many others, we can solve some of these problems for businesses and for customers and that's what we intend to do.
George Rollo Fairweather: So, Ricky, I didn't quite catch your question. Could you repeat your question? I apologize. I couldn't quite hear the end of your question.
George Rollo Fairweather: In pharmacy, yeah, I mean, obviously, that's an opportunity going forward. We look at – we work hard on costs and still reducing that cost in the pharmacy. We are very convenient, close to many, many customers, both patients and people who buy retail products, I said before. So that's an opportunity for sure that we are looking at and I'm going to let you know if we do anything about it. But that is certainly one of the opportunities with this partnership.
George Rollo Fairweather: I'll take up on that. But on the guidance, obviously, on our prepared comments, you've seen we just gave guidance at the adjusted EPS level, so we haven't given the composition. But notwithstanding that, I would really stress that we are continuing to look to drive SG&A efficiencies. It's very much a way of life. Clearly, we'll have additional costs coming in as we go through the Rite Aid transition. So we won't be quite comparing apples with apples as we go through that period. But the focus on improving SG&A will continue to be absolutely relentless. It's just the way of life. We will, of course, also then have the mix effect from the Prime because we'll have Prime acquisition because we'll have a full year in the coming year and I think as Alex has already explained, there's a mix effect in terms of, it's a lower percentage gross margin by nature. In terms of the tax rate, we've not given specific guidance for tax, but as I said in my prepared comments, our effective tax rate excluding ABC equity income was 23.2%. Within that, there was a couple of percent of discrete items. So, excluding discretes, we were 25.2%. And of course, the level of discretes can tend to vary year-by-year. The final point, really, would be post, in terms of you thinking tax post Rite Aid, and of course, we will have a higher proportion of income as we start to see the accretion come through from Rite Aid over time and we will start to have a higher proportion, other things being equal, in the U.S., which of course continues to be one of the highest tax rates really in the world at the moment.
George Rollo Fairweather: We've not given the specific guidance beyond what we've said in numerical terms, but to help you with your thinking, in terms of the Rite Aid stores, we'll be acquiring them on a phased basis. And as we've said, we've just acquired the first few in the last week or so to start testing the IT systems. So we'll be acquiring those on a phased basis over the next six, seven months until the spring of next year. We then have the store optimization program which I talked about, which Alex has elaborated on a little more detail, which is when we acquire the stores over time, we then have to really treat them like internal file buys and do the conversion. And that is going to take roughly – we've got an 18-month program from the spring of 2018 through to the end of 2019. And then we have got to convert – as we convert the existing stores, we've got to do the remerchandising, the rebranding, putting in our IT systems, getting everyone trained up, particularly the pharmacists on our pharmacy management program, which is very important part and obviously moved the logistics over. So really, as we've said originally, it will take a number of years to complete that till we absolutely see the full benefit from the Rite Aid transaction, which we're very confident about.
George Rollo Fairweather: As I said before, we only give guidance on one number. A lot of our focus is on improving our offer, as Alex has said, and driving overall shareholder value creation of profit. And mix, it's not just all about driving the top line, what's important is growing in a profitable way. And we're very disciplined in the way we evaluate our promotions so that we don't unnecessarily promote when it doesn't make economic sense to do so, and we're very focused on improving the mix. And I think as Alex had said again a few minutes ago, the lessons that we learned from Boots in particularly developing our own differentiated offering, particularly in the beauty area is a key component of being able to do that. And of course, it offers our customers fantastic products at fantastic value.
George Rollo Fairweather: Really, I would just re-emphasize what I said in guidance. As I said, I think that in the phasing, as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect this to be more balanced but between the two halves. I think when we gave guidance a year ago, we always explained that fiscal 2017 would be more weighted towards the final quarter. And obviously, the results that we've announced today demonstrate that. So I would think, think more balanced would be really the best way of thinking about it.
George Rollo Fairweather: Sure. Sure, Charles. As Stefano said, we have a lot of pilots and tests in the marketplace. Again, we are very pleased with the progress on all of them. They're really testing, at this stage, consumer behavior. We'll currently (01:16:17) get consumers and patients to see us differently and use these services that we are now providing. So just some examples, LabCorp, as you said, that's a recent one. That's early, but the early indications are positive. And of course, we learned something from the previous experience we had in terms of customer experience with the team we had before. Secondly, we are moving to an increased number of pilots in optical. We have a big business in the UK, a very successful business in the UK and global partnerships with the most important partners in this industry in the UK and are bringing all of that knowhow to the American market. And again, we're pleased with the progress so far. Hearingcare. Hearingcare, again, we have a successful business in the UK. We understand the model very well and again, we're bringing that here to the U.S. in a test and trial here in the U.S. as well. And again, that's happening just after Christmas. And last but not least, we talked about urgent care where, again, with MedExpress, we're in the ground (01:17:25) in urgent care. And again, that is going well so far. So again, using our physical convenient locations, using our healthcare brand, working in partnerships to give them access to our Walgreens customers and of course, working together to make sure that we target people through data in the most appropriate ways are all part of what we're doing right now in terms of developing new business models in that healthcare space. All work in progress, all being properly managed, all with the best partners in the U.S.A. market and so far, so good.
George Rollo Fairweather: It's really early. I mean, at the moment, we're really I go back to – we're looking at customer behavior and how that's changing inside of the Walgreens brand and inside the Walgreens box, the properties. And it's very encouraging. So, of course, we'll analyze what we bring. We bring great locations, we bring a great brand to which customers associate healthcare. But we also, as Stefano said, believe in partnerships. We believe in not having to build things that already successfully built. So we will assess all of that in urgent care. But you're right, more and more healthcare is going to be delivered in communities and many people see the drugstores today as an ideal place to deliver these healthcare services. And of course, we are doing lots of work to understand what that could look like in the future, as I said, with the very best partners and urgent care, for sure, is a good example of that.
George Rollo Fairweather: Sure, yeah. We rolled something called take back out, I believe it was about 18 months ago was our first take back. And now, we've now got that in 800 pharmacies evenly spread across the U.S.A. And we're now expanding that by another I, think, it's 800 in partnership with our key partners to provide that service even closer to communities in America. So people can bring back their unwanted drugs out of their bathroom cabinets to make sure they're not available for misuse. That program is going very well, I think and the ones we have at the moment, we've got about, I think, it's 80 million tons of drugs back, so that program is going very well and we're delighted that others are also doing that now as well. Secondly, pharmacist education, really important and we're making sure that pharmacists really understand how to deal with this issue in a positive way through Good Faith Dispensing as a program has been in place for many years and we continue to drive that and improve that. And thirdly, we're working with the industry to make sure that any other opportunities there are to play an active part in preventing this situation, we play a role in as well.
George Rollo Fairweather: No. I think we've always had a mail business. We combined it with Prime's mail business as part of the AllianceRx deal that we announced last summer. So we're always looking for ways to reduce cost to fill. We believe that the position of our network, which is closer to customers than any other network in the U.S.A. allows us to have a lower cost last mail and give customers the flexibility of being able to receive the prescriptions in their pharmacy and potentially at home. So, of course, we're looking at that option. But really I think that's not a response to Amazon, it's a response to the customer opportunity we have.
Stefano Pessina: It's Stefano. But if you look, we have said this every time, but if you look at the adjusted operating income, and particularly at the overall group at adjusted operating income, the overall group, you will see that we are very constant – this number is very constant, is very flat over the years. So you have to expect in future that this will probably, probably be a little weaker because, as you have understood, we will have the full integration of AllianceRx and of course, as you know, the specialty products have a very lower margin. So they will have an effect to the full year. But you can see that even this year, we have been able to compensate for the partial effect that we have hit just on part of the year and that there we are coming with an overall margin which is quite constant. So we have shown that we are able to took action at many, many different levers.
Stefano Pessina: At the end of the day – Stefano here. At the end of the day, we give guidance, look at what we have done in the past, how we have given our guidance, the results that we have delivered at the end. Everything is in our guidance. And though you have to look at it – and our guidance, it's really the synthesis of all the elements of our businesses. We couldn't be clearer than that.
Stefano Pessina: And you see you said that coming from UK, we are used to better margin and higher margins. But if you look at the pharmacy, the pharmacy in UK is quite under pressure and it has been under pressure for decades, I would say. And the way that we have – the reason why we have developed both with this increasing margin on the front of the stores – the shop or creating a completely new model is just because over time, we had to cope with a margin in the pharmacy, which initially being very, very good, as it shrunk over time and we have to compensate. So we go out to adapt. In the U.S., the margin of the pharmacy is still decent. It's under pressure, yes, but we have so many levers to compensate for it that we are not particularly worried. But in the meantime, we are trying to create a new model that will help us to keep overall the profit of the company at the level which we believe satisfactory.
Stefano Pessina: No, I have to tell you that the market is changing, but it's not changing in a direction which was (59:37) from us. So our strategy substantially doesn't have to change. Our idea of partnership, our idea of trying to adapt our stores to a future different reality is practically still the same. Of course, we are adapting, of course, we are learning and we make some changes from the experience that we have, due to the experience that we have, but the basic strategy is still the same. And we are just, as we have said many, many times, we are just building the strategy piece by piece. We have to create, I have said this many, many times, the right platform to build the future company. And we have worked on that and you can see that now, things are changing. You can see that we are constantly delivering. You'll see that we are not only constantly controlling our costs, but are also now expanding our sales. And of course, all the different trials and tests that we have done in these years are coming to fruition. I would think of something we have already spoken about, our collaboration with FedEx, the fact that now FedEx is practically, it's everywhere in our store, except Puerto Rico, I believe, that FedEx is everywhere in our stores. Whilst we have really tested the case, I feel the execution has been quite fast. In seven, eight months, we have a hold over the FedEx pickup and delivery point in all of our stores. And this is just the first phase as we said because now, we will use this to create a fantastic network to deliver to the customers directly from our pharmacies. And so you'll see that we are consistent with what we were saying in the past.
Stefano Pessina: And I want to stress the idea of partnership because to have a partner in areas which are close to what we do as a basic business but not exactly the same is important because of course, these partners will continue to evolve and adapt their technology, so we are sure that we will be always at the forefront of what is required of the needs of the customers. And having also a strong partner will help us – once we will have really tested carefully the formats of our offer to the customers, a strong partner will help us to develop the business very rapidly, to roll over the business very rapidly. And this partnership are, for sure, an important element for us and we have had very, very good experience in the past in UK and in other countries when we have been able to select the right partner.
Stefano Pessina: Let me say one thing, there was not a war. There is a competition on certain contracts, which can go either way. And our relationship with CVS have always been good. So this idea of the war is not precise. Having said so, I will ask Alex to comment more – in more details.
Stefano Pessina: And also, remember that we are closing certain stores, transferring the files to other Walgreens stores. This will have a double effect. To eliminate the store, which generally is not particularly profitable and to increase the efficiency of the stores where we transfer the file, this, of course, it's in the synergies that we are expecting, but at the end, the stores that we will keep will not be bad stores, so will already be good stores. And improving the offer, improving the service, integrating them into the Walgreens organization, these stores will, for sure, be absolutely comparable to the rest of the stores that we have.
Eric W. Coldwell: Maybe I should work at Walgreens. So it might be a better career than what we have here, with MiFID coming.
Eric W. Coldwell: Yes, look, I'm open. Got to call the regulators though. So honestly, so much of this investment story is about the gross margin right now, especially in U.S. retail. You guys came historically the last few years, a management team that came from Europe where you gross margin was very good in Retail Pharmacy. U.S. is in the mid-20s, you're 40%-plus ex-U.S. My question is, when you look at the stores where you've done beauty, you've done mix enhancement, you've done simplification, could you give us some proxy for how much gross margin improvement you've actually seen in those stores? And that's it. Thanks.
Eric W. Coldwell: That's great. Thanks very much. And I'm going to go ahead and hit submit on that resume, so let me know.
Alvin Caezar Concepcion: Thanks for taking my question. I know you mentioned that Rite Aid shouldn't be materially accretive in 2018, but I'm wondering if you could talk about accretion level in the first full year, I guess, the run rate for fiscal 2019. And then I have a follow-up after that. Thank you.
Alvin Caezar Concepcion: Thank you. And in the U. S., do you need the front end comps to turn positive in order to hit your 2018 guidance? I know you're undergoing a transition, so I'm wondering at what point it becomes positive and if it's necessary in 2018.
Alvin Caezar Concepcion: Great. If I could squeeze in one more. Just wanted to ask about your mail order business. What kind of trends are you seeing there? How sizable is it in terms of your sales, how the margin profile has been looking? Just curious if you could provide any color on mail order.
