Rosalind Brewer: Sure. Thank you, A.J. This is Roz. Let me start with your second question about the front end of store and the recession that we're seeing, not only in the U.S. but in the UK. So first of all, the U.S. retail comps at 4.5% and that's excluding our test kits, really show that we're running pretty strong right now. As you know, we've had a lot of work going on with our cost management, and that's played forward for us. Secondly, the work that we've been doing with private label. So we've seen some trade down to private label over a period of time, probably about 100 basis points of improvement in our private label business. And then I would also tell you that we are pretty much a convenient place. So as gas prices go up, where that convenient neighborhood access point. And then lastly, I would tell you, too, that in both our U.S. business and the UK business, we're seeing our online growth above 30% in many of those areas. So where -- people are switching over to online, particularly UK, it is in a deep recession, but we're pretty proud of the work that going on over there, achieving 16 comp. They're one of the top players over there selling pretty nicely in personal care and their over-the-counter business. So we've been fairly resilient. We did take some time, A.J., to go back and look at '08 and '09. And during that time frame, we only saw maybe about a 0.5 percentage point dip and so we think we're pretty resilient at this point, but cost improvement has helped us the trend towards private label and our online business is helping us kind of weather the storm. I'm going to turn it over to John to talk a little bit about the VillageMD business.
Rosalind Brewer: I'll start off with your question on labor. So we've continued to make progress. A lot of our labor investments came in, in the form of two areas. And so as a reminder, we did go to $15 an hour, and that's spreading out over a period of time at our hourly rate. And then we also made the investment to regaining the pharmacy talent in our stores. And it's working for us. Right now, we don't see any advanced needs in that area to move on labor any further. A couple of things that we've learned in this process is we're closing the shortage by adjusting our pay practices and it's allowing us to return some of our operating hours in there. So what I would say to you is that we're steady in this position and don't have plans to take any further increases in that area.
Rosalind Brewer: Also to, let me just add on VillageMD and what we're seeing with our scripts at Village. So in our co-located sites that have been open for more than two years, we're driving an incremental 40 scripts per site per day, and this is an increase of about 35% versus prior year. So when we begin to look at our script business, it's three areas. It's the return to store hours, the second piece is better execution in the stores and the third is to begin to drive our relationships from our acquisition partners, both the work that we can do with Shields, but most importantly, with our Village co-located clinics.
Rosalind Brewer: Sure. So on the Boots business, we've been pleased with their performance as Jim talked about in comparison to U.S. business, our healthcare business. What we feel like is we've got a balanced business here in terms of what we're seeing in Boots and they are continuing to take market share. And it's a business that is nice to have. It's been complementary. And until further notice, it's a good business for us to have.
Rosalind Brewer: Thanks. So thanks, everyone, for joining us. Let me sum up what you heard today, particularly in the Q&A portion. So just in short, the U.S., we've really achieved a balanced performance. Our core retail sales are up mid-single digits, better-than-expected sequential improvement in our comp scripts. And then internationally, Boots has delivered eight consecutive quarters with strong comp performance which accelerated to 16% this quarter. So we feel really good about leaving this quarter. So when we talk about what are we thinking about recession, inflation? Our business is not only strong, but is showing resiliency. We've been able to absorb various industry-wide shocks such as rising labor costs and the inflationary pressures. So at the same time, though, we're moving beyond our peak investment period in health care, and we've turned the corner on comping last year's COVID demand. So that's what we're referencing in terms of an inflection point. I'm really happy about this team. We're clearly executing against our plans and is showing up in the results. We've achieved a really solid first half performance and broadly in line with our expectations. The investments that you all have been tracking very carefully, they're accelerating, and they're building out our healthcare growth engine as we designed and planned. And then the portfolio simplification is working, and it's unlocking the value that we need and funding our transformation. So I would just reiterate that we're maintaining guidance and pivoting to a strong second half of the year. And I appreciate your time on the call. Thank you. Have a great rest of the day.
Rick Gates: Yes, George, I would just say we bucketed in three different areas as we look at kind of acceleration in the second half. The first is staffing. I don't know if we talked about quite a bit and the improvements we're making in staffing, so they get our stores reopened. Roz talked about operations in stores and those stores that are opened are much stronger obviously than those that we're bringing back online, and we're continuing to work to obviously accelerate the performance of our stores that are at full hours. The third area, I think you're going to see us work really hard at is integration with U.S. Healthcare. So how do we work with our assets like VillageMD and Shield and others to really optimize scripts recapture and those types of opportunities. So I would just say, in summary, the focus really is on execution of operations, optimizing our store hours by market, to really win back patients and improve our shares. So I think we have a lot going on in the second half that should help us continue the trend.
Rick Gates: Yes. As I'll just give a couple of data points as well just to talk about second half and then I can go back to your first point. But Lisa, we have about 98% of our contracts are accounted for -- or contracted for calendar year '23. And we have good line of sight reimbursements that are, quite honestly, in line with our expectations. So we feel really good about what we're seeing there. We're always looking at improving procurement savings, increasing volume, doing things around pharmacy services, which are obviously offsets into our margin, which we're going to see continue in the second half. And the other thing is pay-for-performance contracts. We're in these adherence based programs really trying to solve for what our and payers are looking for, which has improved outcomes, which is what James alluded to there. We're seeing great improvements in our store performance and how we're actually performing against these contracts, which should obviously come through in pay-for-performance benefits to us as well. So...
Rick Gates: Just, Lisa, on the Village question, the Village model works, and we've seen it work with some of the legacy businesses in multiple geographies. I think what you'll see us do the bless and learn, is perhaps concentrate our growth and our investments in specific markets where we can be hyper-relevant in a concentrated geography. But we're confident, and we don't see any challenges to the actual model of what we're delivering for patients and with providers in those markets. So the trends are positive. The one thing that I think you'll see us do is really focus our investments so that we can get more of a return on that in specific markets where we can be particularly relevant.
Rick Gates: Yes. So the 1,900 is where we came out of Q2, obviously, we've continued to make progress as we've started into Q3 as well. I think as you look at the second half, we have to understand kind of the exiting rate for the year on short hours. We don't believe we're going to get through all of the stores by the end of year-end. And so I would say that the expectation should be that we will still have a subset of stores that are still shortened pharmacy hours. We also have to take a look market by market to really understand dynamics of hours within those markets so that we could also take adjustments to hours as necessary based off of what's happening with competition in those locales as well. So -- the primary focus is still to get pharmacists higher to reopen our stores. But we do believe given the current trends and what's happened throughout the first half of the year that we will have a subset of our stores that are still on short hours exiting the year.
James Kehoe: Yes. And George, let me just cover the sale and leaseback. But before I do, maybe just a bit of context. First of all, we believe we delivered a good in-line quarter with decent quality, and this gives us the confidence to confirm the full year guidance. And just to point out the key stat is the EPS was down 25.8%, and 26 points is due to COVID. As we look at the sale and leaseback, the program in the U.S. has contributed an incremental year-on-year net benefit of $0.03. And on a full year basis, as we've said before, it will be flat. On a full year, there'll be no incremental benefit. So this is kind of timing within the quarters. The one thing that stands out a little this quarter is a cash mobilization program in Germany, as we harmonize warehouses with an acquisition from more than 12 months ago, and that contributed $0.09. But as I mentioned in the prepared comments, these combined $0.12 are completely offset by other onetime type items going in a different direction. I pointed out that ABC sale of the stock, which cost us $0.05 year-on-year. Some prior year benefits in the UK unit relating to COVID, which was $0.03 and obviously, then we mentioned ForEx and asset impairment. So the way we look at it, we have this sale and leaseback $0.12 and an offsetting $0.12. So we had decent quality in the quarter on onetime items. So just in summary, this gave us the confidence because we're pretty much in line with good quality. It gave us the confidence to maintain full year guidance.
James Kehoe: Yes, Lisa, Rick brings up a good point. I would characterize the second quarter as being especially weak in terms of generic procurement savings and there'll be more strength in the second half. And this we covered in this first half versus second half bridge back at your conference.
James Kehoe: Just on the NHS -- sorry, I missed your NHS piece. We didn't see any NHS timing or margin shifts between first half and -- sorry, the first half of last year and we don't expect any negative going forward. However, it is fair to say the flagship business in the UK is our retail business. The pharmacy business is constrained by NHS which sets a limit on overall spending on pharmacy. So the profit pool is not going up. The way we would have to drive profit in the pharmacy business is it's not a script business that is driving healthcare services. So you try and capture a bigger part of the pool of money that's available by providing value-added services to the NHS. So that's the ongoing battle. It's tough, but our services business is growing far faster the base script business in the UK.
James Kehoe: But I think we are feeling pretty good about the stores that have been reopened and stores currently without any restrictions are probably in the region of 6% growth. And we may actually see some opportunity to that because we are looking at operational improvements, not just restoring the store hours, but how you actually operate within the pharmacy and engage with patients and we probably will not -- we will roll those out across the entire portfolio as opposed to the stores that are unopen.
James Kehoe: Yes. And you would have seen them, Erin, in the quarter that we did dispose just after the quarter, we disposed of a fairly large portion of Option Care. And we've taken our stake below 10%. I think it's 6% something. So we're not -- we're still making progress against all of the portfolio simplification goals. We've taken action like on parts of ABC. Option Care is now down to 6% range. So we're carefully assessing when the right moment is on all of these vehicles on simplification of the company to ensure that we have the firepower to drive and create a successful healthcare services business. That's the goal, and that's the strategy Roz laid out and we're resolute in driving against this strategy.
