Stefano Pessina: Well apart the Rite Aid transaction as you said, I believe that the big achievement of the last year has been for us to be able to create really a bridge with the main PBM and other big players in this industry, and now we have certain joint ventures, we have certain - let's say contracts that may be new patients as a consequence of what - of these or what we have done, but we have something which is much more important. We have established the trust.  The trust between us and a certain number of companies, not all of them, not everybody has been able to create these elements of trust, but for certain companies, the trust is there and on the trust we can build a lot of additional opportunities in future. And so, our relationship with Prime, our relationship with Express Scripts, our relationship even with Optum, even though there have been many discussions about Optum, but are creating a new basis of discussion and new basis of collaboration, which of course can go beyond a simple contract and can probably - at the end also take in consideration a wider scenario.
Stefano Pessina: You see, it’s always a tricky answer because things change so rapidly. For sure, I wouldn't be particularly excited to invest in Brazil unless we could find a very, very favorable situation, but Brazil is still a big country, sooner or later it would be interesting again. But you see countries like China, for instance are still enormously interested. I remember that in China we have a good presence in sales but not as a retailer and this is due to a historical reason that until three years ago the foreign people could have just 30 pharmacies. So, we had 30 pharmacies, we were 29 in Brazil. So, we were prevented by the pharmacies there.  So the only way to do so was to team up the minority with state-owned company. So, we have -- now this restriction has been a reality, I would say even withdrawn, there are still certain things, but substantially withdrawn and from - in the last two years, we have been very, very active in finding the right partner for us to have a big pharmacy chain. Sooner or later we will be able to it.  The problem is that you have to dedicate a lot of time to get a deal in China, and it’s true that we have a team in China, a permanent team in China of Chinese people, but it is also true that to do a big deal in China, you must have the agreement of the Chairman of the relevant company and the Chairman generally doesn't want to talk to the Chairman.  China is really, it’s a very high hierarchical society. And so, it's also true that in the last two years, I have not gone to China as frequently as I used to go. And so I was not able to keep the relationship as I should have done, but now I have gone to China, I have spent some time to China in the last months and now we are back and I believe, I strongly believe that sooner or later we will be able to do something. When? I don't know, but it is possible.
Stefano Pessina: We really believe that we could start to work on hypotheses with information that we have. We have a lot of affirmation that will appeal the ObamaCare okay, but after they say yes, but maybe we have to give something similar. We have to create a transition. It’s very difficult to understand what worked practically, the new administration will decide to do because for sure will try to do something sensible and rationale and they will start something, which will not be to the detriment of the citizens. So, it will take some time to start, probably the outcome will be quiet rationale and at that time we will be able to organize ourselves and prepare our business to respond to the new environment. We don't have to be taken by panic, just because the rules, mainly rules - the rules are changed. We have to wait for the changes and after rationally we will decide how to react without panicking.
Stefano Pessina: But I would like to assure you that the cash flow this year will be operating cash flow, would be very good, you expect a very good operating cash flow. Of course we have had the first quarter with a relatively low operating cash flow, but this is up against every quarter because of course we buy more stock for Christmas because we pay bond fees because we pay dividends that are mainly cash [indiscernible] in this period. And so in all of our stores, in the first quarter has been relatively modest in cash flow and free cash flow, but after it caught up during the year and we don't see any reason why this year should be so dramatically different from the previous year. Of course it depends on how we manage our investment, how we manage our leases, but substantially we don't have structural differences. So, it’s - as always it is very difficult to analyze things quarter-by-quarter and to draw a conclusion adjusted from the last number.
Stefano Pessina: More generally, one we talk of – you know if we talk of mergers, we try to figure out, which is the potential level of synergies and we would wait with the elements that we have comparing say that there are stores in this case to us and thinking that at the end we would be able to unify the terms with the suppliers, you may as you need that we can reduce a certain function, a certain duplication and so reduce certain cost. So, we booked in place all the area, we know where we can reduce cost, but it’s an exercise which cannot be precise because we don’t know exactly the situation of the other company. We don’t know exactly how these companies by today.  We don’t know exactly which kind of contract they have with the PBM. When we will be in charge of the company we will analyze all these documents and of course we will be able to access a level of synergies which is much more precise. What does it mean? This means that the level of synergies that we are - have calculated in a relatively prudent way rationally prudent, I mean not rationally prudent way because of course we cannot run the risk, not to meet our target internally, so we take some contingency. And are not really, not all of them are really dependent on the number of off stores, I mean 500 stores move - 500 stores may have 10% more, 10% less. In reality, in the rounding, or which we have to calculate in synergies because we don’t have a very clear understanding of what our counter party is because we cannot – the law doesn’t allow us to share all the secrets of our due diligence is probably necessarily a superficial, relatively superficial due diligence.  So, in reality we will - one thing I can tell you that when we - whatever acquisition, whatever merger we find that the final synergies wider and substantially wider, substantially larger than the synergies that we have announced. And so today we shouldn’t talk too much about the synergies that we would be able to view a precise the target and timing that too maybe we will have acknowledged what there is really in the company. But as we have calculated the synergies in the rationale way we believe that the number probably will be higher and not lower.
Stefano Pessina: I can answer on the second part of the question whether we have some ideas on the coming tax reform, I can repeat the same thing I said before, now there is not a project of tax reform there are certain principle, people are discussing about certain principle, not everybody in the administration agrees on the same principle and even if they are on the same principle they don’t agree on the level on their quantity of the principles. So it’s a waste of time today to start to create a scenario, which very likely would be in reality substantially different. So, let’s see when we will have the frame of the tax and after we will start immediately to think how we can leave with these new environment.  In any case we will not have a new tax system tomorrow morning, it will take months and we will have time to see how this will shape over time and when we believe that we are close to a final shaper we will start to see how we can work, but even though having looked at the taxes - at the different principle that are now have been debated, yes, there are certain principle who could damage us, but there are other principle who could benefit us and it is clear that the principle who could damage us, who would damage all our peer and so the market will find another equilibrium and other assets.  So, at the end of today, the conclusion is that for the time being we have to continue to work with the rules that are in place today and probably one year or two year or three year, we will have to change if something, but now it’s too early to distract how people - to do things, which should probably will never happen before the end, the mixture will be completely different.
Stefano Pessina: We're working hard to have the deal approved and for the time being we don't want even to think of the fact that the deal could not be approved after so many months when we have given a lot of information and we have had a very good relationship with the people of the FTC and they have continued to ask information and we have continued to gain information and in reality we believe that if they have spent so much time asking self, and analyzing so many documents is because they want to understand the transaction, which is fine. So we are not thinking of a Plan B today. We don't have to distract people today, I can assure you that if I, let’s say we had the big surprise that this wouldn't happen after we would have to sit down and decide what to do because there are many, many possible reaction to this, as you can imagine.  We would have to see what our counter party Rite Aid wants to do and see whether there are solutions or not, what are the other alternatives. In reality we would have money and we would use the money in the best interest of shareholders. We will continue to act rationally, we will not spend money in irrational way just as a matter of principle. We will analyze all the opportunities very quickly because I and more team of the people here are thinking in different ways of different scenario and analyzing many other things.  Then if we decide what to do we will communicate to the shareholder for what to do, but I can assure you that we will not have a, how could I say an historic reaction and we will not feel forced to do something at any cost, just to show that we are doing something. We will take stock of the money that we have and we will analyze very, very irrationally which is the best use of these money at that time for our shareholders.
Stefano Pessina: I can give you an answer like that. We don't - for the time being everything looks fine. So we don't go so far.
Alex Gourlay: Hi. Good morning Alvin it is Alex here. Yes, we are - I think as we said quite a few times in the last 12 months, our partnership strategy is to really get deeply inside conversations with our partners to understand what they want from us, and it is not about price, only prices, it is also price and service on how we work together to really help them get their goals of creating better health outcomes. So we feel good about where we are now. We are in the very early stages of delivering these services to our pharmacies to TRICARE, and the first month is going well. And of course January 1st is a very important one for the extension of Med D and our new Prime networks, which again kick-in in Jan 1.  So there is no other place from our point of view. We got a very clear governance structure, we make sure that we stick to the pricing structure and with the market - is that not below the market, and that's very important to us. And we are working very hard to deliver existing customer care to the pharmacies to make sure we take care of the patients, our [indiscernible] given us had to take care of.
Alex Gourlay: Yes sure George. I think that if you take it from our quarter-to-quarter, the differential for us is just under 3% as you really pointed. And we see really a couple of main factors George mentioned on the script. The first one is less inflation in branded drugs, that’s pretty clear and that’s our major chunk of it. The second one is volume. Volume in the market is down. So as you see we are doing pretty well in the market, 40 basis points open market share from what we measure, but overall the volume in the market is down in this quarter relative to the last quarter, and I think that's on top of that. And as you said, we have been pricing model competitively in some of our networks in preparation to drive volume as Stefano and George said in the second half of this year. And again that is the third element for us. So that really is the three elements that we see reimburse some pressure continuing, branded inflation de-accelerating a bit of volume decline in the market during this period.
Alex Gourlay: To be honest we have a great relationship with AmerisourceBergen and we, as you know we are very strong partners of particularly having both the second warrants. So from my point of view, we have direct conversations of how do we continue to make the supply chain more efficient, and that is a small part of the conversation, there is many more opportunities that we're speaking about today for tomorrow. So, to be honest, it really is not an issue we see as a big opportunity right at this point.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Ricky is Alex here. So, there’s only two things. First one, I’ve spoken about already and we have seen in the first month of Tricare, and is on plan, and that gives us the confidence for the rest of the year, and we will see the first month of Prime that is already this month. Secondly, and I think equally important strategically we have seen all in going solid trends through our investments, particularly in beauty, wellness and health, capturing these on the front end, and you know we saw retail pharmacy operating margin, as you know step up as a result of our investments and our focus on environment service and differentiated products and differentiation is the key example we have.
Alex Gourlay: Hi this is Alex. Sorry if I missed. The headwind to sales of either volume differential if you like. In terms of – it is a slight headwind to the retail business, but obviously it is a support to the wholesale business. So when it makes a big difference, but it doesn’t make a difference in sales which is the question I was answering I think from Alvin earlier on.
Alex Gourlay: No, the December quarter, I mean it is one so for, again this is a season, it is a season for, obviously for cough, cold and flu and illness, and as Gerald said, it is a bit around the table here this morning as well. So, I think we are seeing a more normal flu trend, which kicked in a bit later in the season than we had expected, but that’s the only thing that has changed in December, which is going to be obviously a slight headwind, sorry a slight tailwind for us in the second quarter, but that’s still early on and we will see what happens with the rest of the season.
Alex Gourlay: I will take the second one. With regards to the new store formats, I mean the investment in the moment is to upgrade the whole state. So we have been upgrading at the whole state with a particular focus on beauty in our top volume stores, top 1,800 so far with more to come next year as George had said. We have got some pilots and test both in urban and what we are calling the lower volume stores, we call these opportunities stores, under the very early stages of testing and trying these out. And again we will update you when we followed in line, but the investment of this is to upgrade the whole state to make sure that we are give a more consistent - all these brand and offer across those and plus stock stores in the USA.
Alex Gourlay: It’s Alex here. No, remember the first one I started was DOD in Tricare, we started on December 1 and Prime starts 1, 1, 2017, started 1, 1, 2017.
Alex Gourlay: These guys add sense to the field, so I didn’t mention of it, George answered the question and I think we made no decision on this at all, let’s be very straight about this. And this is not included in the 1 billion synergies that we have enhanced, that’s what George said.
Alex Gourlay: There is a possibility for sure, of course it is, but it is not in the 1 billion synergies and it is not currently in the plan, yeah.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, it is Alex here, so it is - the truth of it is that reimbursement pressure is consistent and while Med D for sure is an annual contract that you see more regularly coming through, the pressure and the commercial pick up business is also strong, you know one does to some extend for the other. So, the market is a market, we are very clear in how we govern within the business and how we structure our pricing within the business. We do that both at the Walgreens level to myself and our Alan Nielsen, our FD and also the group level through Stefano and George. But the reimbursement pressure is real and we manage within the market.  So, I don’t think you will see the upside to be really straight with you. In the future that you will see continuing reimbursement pressure and we are managing it through a combination of three, through more volume, through better partnerships, which we are very happy with the moment and are going well. Secondly, to increasing our retail gross margin and retail operating margin where we are seeing good GreenChill and have seen good growth in the last three years and that continues on good cost control.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, but just commenting on the rates, as Stefano said, at the year-end we indicated our effective tax rate last year, I think it was around 26.3%, excluding the discrete tax items and we look at the calc excluding ABC equity income on an adjusted basis because it is the only easy way to do the math. This quarter, we’ve come in around the 25.5%, so a little bit better. It is a function really of two things, the geographic mix which of course varies quarter-by-quarter and then the certain discrete items in an individual quarter, if your results, you know historic tax issues or other sort of discrete items that can have a little impact on the quarters-by-quarter’s results. That mix really reflects the composition of profits across Walgreens with the lines recognizing, we’ve obviously got profits from our international operations and we try and obviously organize our inter-group funding structure in efficient way from – from a taxation perspective and we obviously have sources, say profit outside the U.S. that benefit our rate, beyond that really not lot to comment on and Stefano has already covered the view of what may or may not happen in the future. But we seek - we are very focused on EPS and whether it is tax or whether it is up-funding cost, they get a lot of focus in our organization as well as adjusted operating income, along with cash flow, which Stefano also talked about to drive shareholder value.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Scott it is Alex here. I think that as George said really clearly in the script two things, first of all environment in the UK has changed and summer is a big change to the retail environment in particular, which we are working within, so we've repositioned into our business and focused on rebasing our cost again and also focused on customer care. So, the good news is these plans are walking on as George said, we’ve had a notable improvement in sales performance in through December as he said in his script. And again we are very much focusing back on our core business in a very clear way, the real challenges going forward, at the same for the retailers, which we are taking care of, we were very effective online on the channel model, which is working well, we have to obviously operate a cost level because obviously that does affect the margin slightly. And of course as George said in his script from December 1, you know the government is taking additional action and new action in fact on practice payments, which means more call back in terms of pharmacy which we are aware of and we've planned for, really planned against. So, we are feeling we are in a good position with a very strong business in a difficult environment and we're pleased with the progress.
George Fairweather: We're obviously very pleased to be able to raise the lower end of guidance by $0.05. This really reflects that we are now four months into the year that gives us a clearer view of our performance. You have seen that we have obviously delivered to expectations in the first quarter and we remain confident very much about our ability to deliver the numbers going forward, but I think when you actually look at the shape of the results you can see obviously, you know Alex has talked about the market, the volume issues and there has been questions about margins, but we delivered very strong cost controls, which is very much a key focus of us across all our divisions, and again you would have looked to the mix of the profits and the taxes has again helped us a little bit on the comparables.
George Fairweather: Sure. I think we have, we have got solid businesses in Europe, particular in all of the UK if you want send both optical and hearing care. So we have great partnerships in these businesses and we have partnerships with manufacturers that help us, so we have tested as you said, a pilot really in our flagship store in Chicago and that is really is to try and understand the market and how customers will react to that and will take decisions based on how that comes through going forward. So, these are two vision and hearing care, which clearly we could transport from our experience in Europe.  I think also we've been very successful in the last 12 months been able to outsource our retail clinics and again as a partnership model that we will speak about a lot and we have continued to sign deals and outsource these successfully with many partners across the Medicare, and again that’s another way that we bring wraparound services and more patients into all regions by walking closely with local service providers, providing the services they want inside of a pharmacy across USA, that’s an example of how we're thinking, how we're walking.
George Fairweather: I think the message today is no different to the message we were certainly trying to give in the full quarter, sorry, in the full year results. The partnerships that we have been talking about it will - it takes time for us to build the volume and so when you are actually looking at relative numbers, our expectation is that as always been the earlier part of the year, relatively would be the tougher part. Then it will take time for us to build the volume to see the gross profit therefore in dollars and dollars come through from these, the new partnerships that we are also excited about. You should think of that in shape and really be thinking about as that of being a build across the four quarters and take the first quarter results as an indication of that and then think in terms of building.
George Fairweather: Okay if I take the sale and leaseback what I mean, we are continuing to look at sale and leaseback opportunities on a go forward basis. The timing of those is a little tricky to actually predict because we’re very disciplined on the returns that we are looking for on the various transactions, but you should take it that it’s something that we would continue to do going forward, but as I said those tend to be your individual transactions. It’s hard to predict quarter-by-quarter, exactly when they are going to occur.
George Fairweather: Okay. So it is quite a few questions and hope I won't miss any. To start by saying that the first thing is that in terms of the accretion for this year, I think it’s important to remember where we are. We’re already four months into the year and when we complete transactions the first priority is always very much about focusing on the customers getting the key elements of everyone working together. And in terms of delivering synergies our approach to synergies as you saw the Walgreens Alliance Boots transaction is to have a very clear plan going and then build the synergies up over a ramp up, over a period of time, so we do things in a disciplined way that we can secure the synergies year-after-year.  So, we don't just go for quick wins and pay the price later. And we've got a good track record of doing that. Clearly, there are certain synergies that take time to access. So, on procurement for synergies for example it takes time to put in place new arrangements. We've got stock sitting on the balance sheet that needs to be sold through. So that is really reflective of the guidance that we have given for the balance of this year. In terms of the synergies themselves, key areas the billion will come from is starting with areas like procurement, where we’ve got our sourcing operation on generics that sources products today both for ourselves and for Amerisource, so as Bergen is going to be that in sort of overhead cost savings that we will be able to deliver over time, but what the billion doesn’t include, which is important to understand is that it doesn't include the opportunity that we would have two actually rationalize the portfolio where there is overlaps in existing large markets. And that’s something that we would do separately and it’s equivalent to [indiscernible] and that is outside the synergy numbers. What’s also important in the number of the billion is that we are very disciplined in the way we measure and track synergies and the billion is the synergies that we are confident that we can are very clearly identifiable and quantifiable synergies that we can measure and track and report on because that delivery is very important. What one on always gets in transactions over above that is a lot of the less tangible measurable synergies, but these are the ones that over time really won’t help deliver real long-term sustained shareholder value. The billion I say has a run rate just to be absolutely clear. It’s what we expect to deliver pair item.
