Rick Hans: Good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson our President and CEO will discuss the quarter’s highlights and sales trends, the flu’s impact on our results, acquisitions, customer centric retailing, and the recent restructuring of our healthcare divisions. Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will detail the second quarter financial results before we begin taking your calls. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up so that we can give an opportunity to as many investors as possible during our limited time.  As a reminder I am available throughout the day by phone to answer any additional questions you may have. You can find a link to our webcast under Investor Relations at Walgreens.com. After the call this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. We’re also making the call available as a podcast. You can download that too at our Investor Relations website. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of factors as they relate to forward-looking statements.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Greg.
Rick Hans: Thank you Wade, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. We’re now ready to take your questions. 
Rick Hans: That was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. We’ll announce March sales on April 5th. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be Tuesday June 22. That’s when we’ll announce fiscal 2010 third quarter results.
Lisa Gill – JPMorgan: I just had a couple of questions around your healthcare initiative, our understanding is that Walgreens has signed another [release] kind of similar to [inaudible] with Delta, can you maybe just go into a little bit more detail around the kind of offering that you have in the marketplace and how it differentiates from some of the PBMs and then secondly I think you made the comment that you’re looking forward to the selling season. Can you maybe just give us an idea of the number of RFPs that you participated in this year versus previous years. Are you ramping that up dramatically as you continue to grow your healthcare offering. 
Lisa Gill – JPMorgan: And just as a follow-up to the solutions that you offer, so are you talking about fee per service type solutions, are you talking about trying to bring more volume into the Walgreens store. So how do we think about this over the next several years and how it should flow through our financial models. 
Lisa Gill – JPMorgan: You made a comment around drugstore margins, pharmacy margins and you said that generic introductions, are you saying that that helped to maintain your margins and how should we be thinking about as we have a number of generics that will come in the next couple of years, are generics generally better for you on the total gross margin dollar. 
Lisa Gill – JPMorgan: So you were saying that you were happy that retail margin, gross margins were flat just considering the fact that you didn’t have as many generics. 
Greg Wasson: As far as Delta, I don’t want to comment specifically. We don’t actually have a signed deal with Delta. There has been discussion out in the marketplace but I will say that we’re excited with the interest that we’ve had in this caterpillar like offering. With Delta by the way we already have a healthcare center and a pharmacy on center with Delta and we’re looking to just expand services in any way we can and if PME is something that makes sense for them, we’re certainly going to be able to offer it.  With the restructuring I’m excited about it, I think what it does as I said it really takes and integrates our pharmacy services around our center of gravity, our retail community pharmacies, Kermit Crawford is going to lead that and I think we’re really going to accelerate our integration of those offerings.  And Hal Rosenbluth as I said has been in the B to B space for his entire career. We’re bringing the sales organizations together, segmenting by customers and I that’s what I mean by I’m excited about getting into the selling season because I think we’re really focused with some good solutions. As far as RFPs, I’m not really focused on responding to RFPs.  We want to get in and work directly with employers, managed care organizations, PBMs, government agencies, whoever they might be and really find out what are the problems they have. What are the problems they’re looking for us to solve and how to bring some of our solutions to help them do this. So, I’m not a real fan of just responding to RFPs. I think there are folks out there who are looking for real solutions and I think we’ve got real solutions to take to them. 
Greg Wasson: A good question, a tough question I guess, I think there will be a combination of probably certainly fee for service. I think healthcare reform I think where the industry is going, where everybody probably would like to see us get is more pay for performance and more coordinated care. So, where fee for service goes long-term I don’t know.  But there is still going to be a lot of fee for service going forward. I think at the same time what we want to do is we want to be able to get in and certainly bring more services per client. So maybe in addition looking at the number of retail prescriptions we fill and the margin we make on that retail prescription, we’re also looking at driving what I call the total value of the client. So with Delta if we’re able to go direct or with other employers, we want to be able to drive a lot more services. So some of that may be volume related. Someone wants to work directly with us and we’re able to give them direct pricing via a direct contract and that drives additional volume for them to realize the savings then we’ll be doing more of that as well. 
Greg Wasson: Overall we’re seeing actually the gross margin somewhat improve in the CCR stores but there’s a lot that certainly can influence that beyond CCR. We’re seeing more private brand utilization and so forth. I think the key thing that we’re looking at as I said in addition to the four way win that we’re looking for with sales, labor reductions, capital reducing and so forth, I think we’re really focused on gross profit per basket. And as we add more and more items like beer and wines, we add more fresh food, we’re really focused on gross profit per basket and that’s what we’re encouraged to see. 
Greg Wasson: As you know we don’t breakout the healthcare divisions, but I think that we’re encouraged with our growth that we’re seeing especially pharmacy and again I think the integration we’re talking about with the retail pharmacy leverages what I think is our key differentiator. As I say, a lot of times internally there’s no reason why Mrs. Smith if she’s used Walgreens retail pharmacy for years, should not be able to stop in and at the same time get her specialty needs.  So we’re encouraged there and I think it’s a real differentiator. Infusion continues to grow. I think there again that’s a differentiator for us with specialty. So we’re encouraged with what we’re doing. I think going directly to managed care. They’re certainly looking for solutions today and I think will be even more so going forward so we’re pleased with the performance of the healthcare divisions.  Take the health on one side, retail clinic, we begin to roll out more and more services in addition to the services we give such as screening, chronic care and so forth and our employers’ solutions that we talked about with [Cat] and Delta and others is extremely encouraging right now.  Robert Willoughby – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch And are you looking at, profitability to move up with the growth trajectory as well or too early to comment on profit improvement.
Greg Wasson: I think we feel good with where we are. I think we’re seeing what we expected in all business units. 
Greg Wasson: I think our merchants and our operators are doing a good job in balancing the items that we need to be hot on and we need to shout value with the items that we might be able to get a little bit more on, so I think with our [rodo’s] we’ve done a nice job balancing that mix to be able to swing doors at the same time provide value as well as our in store everyday pricing. 
Greg Wasson: I think we feel real good about that. I think as, and we tried to breakdown kind of where that’s going, if you look at the signature class, we’re winning where we want to win. You look at that power category, and that power class, we’re winning there. So I think we feel good. I think we know what we need to do in that complement class to bring that category back to where we want it.  So, strategically we’re right in line with where we want to be. And I think that and again that doesn’t include the new décor package, it doesn’t include the add backs that we’re going to be looking at and some of the enhanced categories that we’ve worked on since Houston and Dallas. So we feel real good with where we are right now. 
Greg Wasson: Yes, I think in Houston/Dallas its, we’re seeing a little bit of both as I said but I think the complement class is more SKU reduction and space reduction. And we’ve always focused on peer grouping within our markets and I think what this shows is we just need to further tailor CCR to those stores that have a higher percentage of sales coming from the complement class. And we’ve identified those items, we know what categories we need to add back and feel like we’ve got that under control. 
Greg Wasson: I think we will continue to see reimbursement pressure. I think that everyone in this country is focused on healthcare costs and as I’ve said several times there certainly are threats and opportunities to healthcare reform and certainly the threat is the reimbursement pressure. We managed that entity by entity as we have for years and we’re going to be all over that going forward.  The opportunity is the fact that certainly we’re going to have more people that have prescription drug coverage going forward but yes, we’re going to continue to see more reimbursement pressure. The good thing is in the back half of 2011 or so we’re going to see some new generics coming out that will help offset that and then we’ll see the additional volume in 2013 with the folks that have additional coverage. 
Greg Wasson: I think it will vary by employer and their need so I think you could see future cat-like deals but again I think that it really varies by what they’re looking for. Again we’re going directly to these employers and managed care organization PBMs, everybody I mentioned with a complete solution. They may need or may want a PME solution, but they also may want healthcare services and a pharmacy on site.  So we’re kind of going in trying to help them understand, trying to understand what they need and how we can help but it could be, you could see a little bit of both I guess. 
Greg Wasson: I’ll never say I’m perfect, I think I have stuff to do in retail, I will say I’m not looking back with any remorse so to speak. I think that we did absolutely what we should have done. We were conservative when we bought knowing that we were going to come into a very soft economy and a cautious consumer. I think the good thing is is we came out of the season extremely well positioned.  Our inventories are right, our store managers now are able to spend a lot more time out in the store versus the stockrooms so could we have maybe bought an item or two more, maybe did we miss a sale here and there, I’m sure we did and I’m sure other retailers probably are in the same camp.  I think the approach we took was right on. Andrew Wolf – BB&T Capital Markets: I was just trying to get a general sense of that, and I also want to look at or ask you about the first quarter earnings up 20%, and here they’re up 5%, and can you relate that to, is that pretty much, what percent, if you’ve done this spot process or analysis, to what degree was that just the dramatic swing in the flu, versus other things that could be, I think Wade referenced that things aren’t getting worse competitively, but other things going on, maybe the consumer just tightening up and not coming into the stores as much, or do you think its mainly close to 100% the flu swing. 
Greg Wasson: I think as we said this was a story of the flu. There’s no doubt the first half with the early flu season. The great job our folks did to execute upon flu shots and the flu related sales, this is definitely a flu story. Second half obviously with the lighter flu season impacted the quarter and that’s the reason we really have looked at it the first half versus quarter by quarter. Andrew Wolf – BB&T Capital Markets: I missed the beginning of the call so I don’t know if you covered your sort of broad outlook on healthcare reform for the industry or for Walgreens, but I was thinking in terms of some of the things that might be obvious like prescription versus margin, you kind of talked about that. The donut hole I suppose is good, but what about the clinic business. We were speaking to Hal Rosenbluth awhile ago and he suggested that with the shortage of primary care physicians, the clinic business may become very relevant going forward and utilization might really get a lot better for that business and might even entail a change in capital allocation for Walgreens. Could you speak to any of that. 
Greg Wasson: I definitely would agree with the first half of your comment, I absolutely think that healthcare reform with our without healthcare reform frankly I think the clinic business was going to continue to grow and be strong. There’s just not enough access as you know out there and certainly if we have another 30 million folks with coverage its going to become an even greater need.  So, we’re bullish on the clinics. I think but I will say we’re looking at our clinics really kind of in two buckets, not only the number of clinics and what the healthcare reform may do to accelerate the growth but also the services within the clinics. And as you know this past year we’ve spent a lot of time really looking at the additional services we can roll out through the existing clinics we have. So I think both number of clinics and the services that we can offer within those clinics certainly we should see more demand for. 
Greg Wasson: Certainly we have to once we close, we’ll certainly be able to get a better understand of where the opportunity is. I will say and as I’ve said before John [Letter] and his team are probably some of the best in the retail industry as far as private brand and building a strong private brand, they’ve done a heck of a job in New York City with that private brand. That’s one of the things that really excited me and I think the opportunity to potentially accelerate our private brand strategy with their knowledge and expertise is certainly a strong possibility. 
Greg Wasson: Yes, I’d go back to exactly what I said, I think that certainly it’s a tough region and as I said I think there are good learning’s coming out of Houston as I said and those stores with a high percentage of complement sales. I think the good thing is I think through the, and this is exactly what we wanted to do in Houston and Dallas. We wanted to really learn more about a mass market rollout.  And the good thing is is that the further we get through the SKU reduction and we’re about 85% through that now, the easier these conversions will become and that’s why we’re focused on we think that we can get some cost reduction as we go forward. So with store managers as they convert and go through the conversion, if they’re dealing with less of the closed out inventory, it’s a much easier process. So I think we accomplished exactly what we wanted to accomplish in Houston and Dallas. 
Greg Wasson: And I will say hey, there’s something I would like to have had, I would like to have had the new décor package in Houston and Dallas. I think that given this its probably even a better indication of how we would have done but going forward we’re going to have that synced up with the most recent conversions. 
Greg Wasson: I don’t know if we gave it broken out on sales, but we administered nearly two million H1N1 shots, I believe that was pretty much second quarter.
Greg Wasson: Its not a change of strategy, I think it just organizes us a little more efficiently, it’s a stronger go to market strategy and really leveraging the strengths of both like Hal Rosenbluth and Kermit Crawford with stronger execution.
Wade Miquelon: What I meant to imply this is a weaker generic season certainly than prior periods. It starts to pick up in latter years. So that was a net hurt. 
Wade Miquelon: There is some acceleration but actually, we actually have delivered substantial savings in the first half as well. You have to I think going back to the last quarter its getting to the full reconciliation of how much SG&A was driven by the new store openings which was still in total, our stores were still 7.5% year on year as well as some of the acquisitions and then the SG&A burden we picked up along with that and some of the other things as well.  But it certainly ramps up a little bit through the year but again if you look at the run rate the last couple of quarters we have delivered pretty robust savings as well. 
Wade Miquelon: Of the three buckets, I would basically say we’re basically on track with all three buckets so there’s some minor puts and calls here and there but I would say plus or minus 10% across indirect spend, across all the areas of labor and across the transforming community pharmacy initiative we’re pretty much on track. 
Wade Miquelon: It’s a fairly promotional environment out there but it has been a promotional environment for some time so I’m not sure that that’s ticked up and in fact I think you’ve seen maybe a few players being more measured as of late. So that’s probably a good sign, but again I think it was just both, it was the impact of lower markdowns largely and again I think buying a little bit smarter to recognize the economy reality we’re in because our people did a very good job there. 
Wade Miquelon: Obviously we’ve got a bit of shift in Easter timing but that will work its way out over time. I think a couple of things, on the front end I think we’re starting to cycle a fairly weak period. I think we’re doing a lot of good things and even on CCR where we’ve got opportunities to improve we’ve seen it and so we’re making those fixes.  So I think we feel pretty good about that. Last year’s, I don’t think we’re going to see, it doesn’t appear we’ll see a second bump in the flu although you never know. But so we’re probably not going to get a pick up from that and we are cycling a little bit stronger base line so I guess what I would say is probably in terms of what we’re cycling we’re going to see more upside probably on the front end in the pharmacy and again what’s happening in the economy remains to be seen. We’ll see whether we get any economic help. I think we’re certainly dragging along the bottom and any pick up at all would be extremely helpful. 
Wade Miquelon: We certainly have every intention of delivering the full billion to the bottom line in true analytical form. I think what I was trying to imply is if you look at over those two year stats, the last couple of years, you don’t want people taking that and extrapolating that out forever. There comes a point at which you deliver the savings and then you’re kind of cycling the full delivery.  That’s all I want to imply. We don’t people to think, they look out two or three years and this trend continues forever, then it would be X, that’s the only thing but we, if you do the model though in terms of those building blocks I gave you we have every intent of delivering half a billion net savings this year and a full billion next year. 
Wade Miquelon: I don’t recall ever giving a specific percent range, maybe we were using that for something [inaudible] but yes, so we haven’t given that. As you know of it is just a function of how many stores we put down over the past 12 month period, that’s the number one driver. 
Wade Miquelon: And just building on Greg’s comments, I think as he referenced, our overall market share there was flat to slightly up so in aggregate we held our own despite all the changes and the ones that were less skewed towards heavy complement we were obviously stronger than that and then the ones that were heavily complement we were less so the good news is we held our own in aggregate and I think the better news is is that we also have learned a lot from this as we go forward.
Mark Miller – William Blair: With regard to the cost savings and your comments that you were on track to achieve this $500 million savings this year, it looks like you’ll need an accelerated pace of cost reduction in the second half of the year and I was hoping you could talk about where you expect to see that acceleration in the coming quarters because it looks like the run rate needs to pick up pretty quickly. 
Mark Miller – William Blair: Can you talk about what has, how its materialized different than you originally might have envisioned relative to sourcing, the overhead store labor, and then within power. 
Mark Miller – William Blair: And then on the CCR stores, you didn’t talk about the cost side of those stores, you talked about in general terms, but I was hoping you could address the gross margin you’re seeing in the CCR stores given the complement categories are down. Has that negatively impacted the gross margins or are you mixing out actually more favorable and then the cost to operate those stores, how is that, is that more favorable as well. 
John Heinbockel – Goldman Sachs: A couple of things, I want to drill down on CCR a little bit, when you look at signature and power the 3% and the 5% how would that break down, where is most of that growth coming from. Is that traffic or transaction value. 
John Heinbockel – Goldman Sachs: And then secondly with the complementary down eight, is that more SKU rationalization or the economy do you think.
John Heinbockel – Goldman Sachs: And secondly it looks like the reimbursement environment is relatively tame right now, you didn’t see a lot of pressure do you think that picks up over the next year given different expense pressures on companies, state governments, not as much generic coming out to reduce cost, do you think we see a pick up in that pressure prior to fall of 2011 or not really. 
John Heinbockel – Goldman Sachs: And finally do you think that any [cat-like] deal would by necessity have the market share incentives that you have in the cat deal, kind of make sure that it’s a win win for you. 
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies: I just wanted to get a feel on maybe since we’re saying the flu is the big contributor of the swing here in the quarter how we’re looking as we’ve moved into March, any thoughts on sales as we go through the rest of the year. We did have H1N1 become an issue I guess late spring last year, how should we be thinking about your sales as we move through the back half of the year. 
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies: Second question I just want to have clarity on SG&A, I think you made comments to the effect that you had a really good quarter as far as that growth rate went, and maybe not to expect the same levels as we move forward. So as we model in our SG&A growth rate which [inaudible] into the five’s in the second quarter is that something you can replicate as we move through the back half of the year or are we going, I think it was nine and change in the first quarter, five and change in the second, are we thinking more like in the seven’s as far as an SG&A dollar growth rate. 
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies: Just going specifically to the SG&A dollar growth rate, I know on the last conference call I thought you made some comments, maybe I’m misremembering about seven-ish is kind of what you thought the dollar growth rate was kind of the right look. And then of course it came in a lot below that this quarter and I guess I was trying to understand the rest of the year and what your expectations are for the SG&A dollar growth rate. 
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies: And then I just want to make sure I understand Dallas and Houston correctly, are you feeling like the execution there was where you wanted it to be and it was all economic related is that how I would read your comments. 
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies: Housekeeping item, did you tell us H1N1, how much it helped RX sales, the shots for the second quarter. 
Meredith Adler – Barclays Capital: Just a few quick follow-ups, in terms of the CCR comparisons that you gave and all that detail could you just tell us what time period that’s for, is that for second quarter or for the life of the program because I think you did mention hurricanes and stuff in the first quarter last year so these results excluding that or if you could just discuss that please. 
Meredith Adler – Barclays Capital: And then if you could just speak to the AWP impact, I think you had guided to about $80 to $90 million impact and it was about $25 million in 1Q, is that still pretty much on track. 
Meredith Adler – Barclays Capital: And then just going back to the healthcare reorganization, does that reflect a change in strategy or is that just kind of a consolidation of the same strategy as you were running with already. 
