Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I mean, that's absolutely true. I mean, most of the costs we took out will not come back. What we will do is we will do things -- where we see higher volumes of Express, we will put the proper labor back and adjustments like that. But for the most part, I would say that we have very strong leverage on it, and most of the cost will not come back.
Wade D. Miquelon: With respect to store labor, we took for 9%, 10% loss, whatever. In pharmacy sales, we took out I think 2% or so of our labor. So you have a ratio there of 4 or 5:I. So we'll make the right interventions to make sure that we have the right service levels and take care of our patients, but really, a lot of the other efforts that we did to be more focused with respect to projects corporately, efforts we made across calls and other things, those are sustainable interventions.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I think your math is probably fairly close. I think I guess one thing is, obviously, there have been some challenges in the overall economy. But I think as we go forward, I guess what I would say from this point forward, I see that we have good tailwinds. I think we have the Express Scripts situation behind us. And so whatever we win back, we'll win back, but that will be a tailwind. We've got -- as Greg said, we're very well situated with many of the other players, and we feel that we're going to be well versed to gain share. We've got the loyalty program, which has been invested in heavily upfront, and now, it's off and running very successfully. And we have the Alliance Boots close and the initiation, all the work behind us as well. And so now we move forward with them into our forecast for growth and accretion. So I think you probably have a pretty good framework there, and I think, moving forward, I would just put that on top of it.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I mean, it's pretty simple is what I said, even though there's a lot of different moving parts that happen in the calculation, the reality is that the brand inflation in the fourth quarter and particularly, in July and August -- I believe we had, last year, around 2.5%. In the quarter, it was about 5%, so almost doubling. So when you consider the size of our brands and brands and inventory, those kind of movements have a huge impact. That doesn't mean that will sustain back and forth. I think part of the point of going adjusted, especially the FIFO, is that is a much clearer picture of how our operation and our business and our profitability comes in than the LIFO. So it's an additional perspective that will allow people to see our business both on maybe more of a normalized perspective or this additional perspective but also, how others view it.
Wade D. Miquelon: That was branded pharma. It was -- not the generic piece but the branded pharma piece. In particular, the inflation was again basically double of what we saw a year prior, and it really kicked up in July and August with 3 or 4 brands in particular.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I would say what Greg said, that basically, versus our budget and versus our accretion number, there is no impact. There has basically been austerity measures every year at least for the last 3 years in England. And with respect to the formula and the clawback and the provision and how they budget it, it was pretty much expected.
Wade D. Miquelon: I can tell you that the Alliance Boots folks are far more expert than myself. But after deep discussions with them and getting to understand it is -- this is something that continues to go for year after year after year but basically inherent in the overall -- it's much more complex than on the surface, the inherent model of mix, the move towards generics, you've got to pay for service fees. They believe that they've got the forecast budget in their model, and they've very well predicting that. So it's something I would not concern yourself with. I would say that it is in our next year estimate, and it's also inherent in our 2016 goals with respect to their best knowledge.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, it's -- we don't want to get in the game of predicting the future, because it's impossible to fully predict. We've got a lot of history of being on networks in the past. We've had some Express customers come back over the past few months. We have a variety of data points. I think that as Greg said, we're pretty confident that a significant number of them came to us in the first place because they preferred our format, our location, our service, our relationships. So that's the reason I think that we're going to see a significant -- a number of them come back. I mean, initially, you've seen, obviously, a lot of players doing very aggressive promotional things to try to maintain them, but we're still seeing the customer flow back. But at the end of the day, the reality is you can't promote forever too. People will ultimately choose the pharmacy that's the best choice for them broadly. And I think as Greg talked about the 3 buckets and sort of a time flow through that of the ones that come first but then others, over time, also chose you for a reason. And I think that we're going to continue to win back customers not only in the short term but over many long periods of time. It's like this is a very long tailwind, quite frankly.
Wade D. Miquelon: I would say this. I would just say that some of the estimates on the upside I've seen are wildly grossly exaggerated when you get the actual math of what it costs and promotional spend. And I think the reality is that for the most part, it's incremental profit almost from the get-go. Yes, there's some marketing spend, but the reality is when you understand how it's executed and how the mix works, each script brings incremental value. So again, I think there's some numbers out there which maybe don't fully contemplate how the spending actually works.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, good question. I would say that kind of year-on-year, our gross profit dollars proxy, what we really look at, we're basically roughly similar. We had some benefit from generics. We had a little offset from some overall -- we had very high 90-Day growth, which is overall net gross profit dollar positive and a good payout but a little bit lower there for the benefit we provide and then some other general compression and a little bit of year-on-year vendor mix. But I think we feel that our rates are fundamentally very solid. I don't think we've ever felt that we've had a commercial book that is stable across the players and has good solid long-term relationships. We expect the generic wave will continue to benefit throughout fiscal 2013. But one thing we've also done through many of our contracts is we've really worked hard to, I guess, I would say put in kind of constructs that allow us good rates, not just through generic waves but beyond thereafter. So versus having a very volatile and riding the ups and downs as heavily, I think that we've put in what I would call good sustainability into our rate structure, and that's what I think you're going to see for a long period to come.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, look, the austerity in Europe and health care in a single-payer system is nothing that's new. I think that the dynamics there and the reason the business performance is very solidly there, and we believe will continue to do so, are many. One is they run a very good business, very differentiated in how they work with not only their customers, but also with their suppliers. And so you see that in various agreements that are exclusive or preferred. But separately, what you've seen across Europe and will continue to see is more and more governments pushing for more generics versus brands as a key lever to save money. And in Southern Europe, generic presentation [ph] is only 30%. In Northern Europe, it's at 50%. So they can make, as a wholesaler as well as retailer, [indiscernible] can make better penny profit on generics, which can save governments money and it's good for them. It's only the wholesale chain, because there's so many independents, is a vital part of the ecosystem of health care in Europe. You have to have wholesalers, and pharmacies are very valued, but they play a very vital role in distributing and serving them. And secondly is you are going to see that apart from that, you continue to see more pharma companies to save money as they get pressure from the governments. They're actually outsourcing more and more activities to the health care distributors, like Alliance, and that's allowing them to really ladder up and value up, because they can do things that are more cost effectively for big pharma. And so that's another way. And then finally, the European wholesale market is not as consolidated as it is in North America. There's lots of smaller players. And so some of the tougher economies, they're just having a hard time funding, keeping standards up and service levels, whatever, and that gives Alliance an opportunity to continue to grow and continue to capture share. So I think the dynamics, again, this is not new to Europe, but the dynamics actually in the wholesale business being a vital part of the ecosystem and being such a low margin business, actually have a lot of good momentum from this as well.
Wade D. Miquelon: And sort of the way I view bucket three is those people may have gone to another pharmacy for whatever reason, it was more convenient for them or a better format or better relationship, and so they may make that choice. But there's a huge universe out there of 80% of the population that may be going somewhere else via Express Scripts to the other places that may find that we're a better choice for them. So I think what we need to do is be pragmatic about which of these customers are the right return to get, but I think that where we're going with all the other initiatives that we would be myopic to only focus on that versus the larger universe of patients that we can go after.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, some of the inventory will come back, but I'd say that the bulk of our inventory was actually real sustainable progress that we've put into our business. So some of the inventory will certainly come back as the customers come back. But we are -- I guess the 30,000 [indiscernible] that we are very focused not only on earnings, but also on cash. And that's one of the reasons that we want to give simple amount of information on adjusted earnings, because we really, in some regard, are very strong cash, cash EPS-type company. And so again, I think that you're going to see us continue to be very focused on cash. Receivables and payables over time, tend to more follow the business in sales without major adjustment in terms but I think with respect to inventory, not only from a cash perspective but just as the team really works on providing the right [indiscernible]. So call it better service and better quality with lower cost and capital that's employed, we believe that we're doing things structurally over time will help us continue that journey.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, what I would say is we're not going to give a guidance on it in per se. But I would say that improvements, like inventory and things, when you adjust out the additional customers from Express Scripts, et cetera, we would assume that we will continue to make improvements.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I would say that outside the DOD, if -- without giving an exact percentage, almost all, right, but percentage wise. So we believe there's a big opportunity ahead of us, and again, we will see at what pace and frequency we go.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I guess first off, we have to keep in mind that Alliance Boots is a private company, and it is an equity investment. So we don't have a controlling position, and we need to respect that. I think that next quarter, you'll get a lot more information. You'll be able to see their numbers. We'll certainly have some history for you, and we'll have some meaningful commentary, I'm sure, on the state of the business. But I also do want to also just -- again, it's not a controlling entity, and it is private. But I think as you see the numbers flow through next quarter and again, the history of the commentary, the things we have, it will help to provide perspective. We certainly have their last annual report, which I think is very comprehensive and detailed, and the world hasn't changed dramatically from that time. And you also have our most recent pro forma with our debt offering, which I think is additional financial color.
Wade D. Miquelon: With respect to the -- with respect to your question on the ESI win back, I mean, again, I think it's going to be what it's going to be. We're off to a good start, but it's just the beginning. So we'll see how time goes by, and I think it's probably even impossible for us to perfectly predict, because there's lots of moving parts. And I think another -- important part of the question is the preferred partnerships. We work with many others, what happens in that dynamic? At the end of the day, it's all going to fall into one overall comp number regardless of where it comes from.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think the comp backs will us a cleaner -- leading back into a cleaner estimate of the progress we're making with them and others.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think you're going to see -- I think, personally, I mean -- and you never know, but my opinion is that you're going to see us kind of increase our comp, obviously, for these 2 weeks. And then you have the full October and it's going to kind of -- if there was going to be some slope of a line. And when you get to January, you'll have a step-up, and then you'll have a slope and a step-up.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, John. And just to capitalize on what Greg said, I mean, in the pilots we did, we saw that we were able to basically move the needle in both. And again, it's a balanced program which is linked to Well, and it's hopefully a motive beyond just discounts, but we did see that. I do think if you look by any other benchmark of enrollment, what we've been able to do in a short period of time is multiples beyond any other program enrollment I've seen, and I think that speaks to the enthusiasm people have for what we've deployed.
Gregory D. Wasson: And Andy, I would add a lot of the work that we've done over the past year, such as our effort to really accelerate private brand, the completion of CCR last spring, the enhanced products we're putting with fresh food and meal consumption and so forth, all that, we feel very good about being -- delivered strong tailwinds for us.
Gregory D. Wasson: David, it's kind of hard to say. I think, certainly, bucket one typically is the easiest and most quickly to come back, and that's what I said on the call. We're seeing that. It really comes down to 3 things: convenience, the relationship and service that these folks were forced away from. And we think we win in all 3 of those. I think we're extremely convenient. We think that we've had folks who, in that first bucket especially, have had relationships over the years, and we give great service. I think we'll find out more and more as we get into this. There's a lot of things that come into that. As we've seen clients sending communication to their members, they come back quickly. And that's the reason I said as more plans notify their members, I think we'll see probably bucket two become even easier for us. So it's hard to dimensionalize, but I tried to put it in those 3 buckets just so you can also understand kind of our spend, because I think there's also some concerns or thoughts out there that we're going to get into a price war for these patients. And we're certainly going to spend our marketing dollars strategically across those 3 buckets and get the ROI that we need or we expect to get from that.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I think there is some noise along the lines of the reimbursement cuts that the U.K. or England put into place last week. I think the main thing is that was absolutely budgeted and anticipated by Alliance Boots. They've been in this -- doing this for years, and obviously, that's an annual adjustment. So it was expected, so it won't impact their budget, their performance and therefore, also won't impact our accretion numbers as well.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, we're certainly -- Ed, we're confident in the number we gave and for a variety of reasons. The majority of that is cost opportunities, and we've got the synergy teams in place that have been working on this, frankly, even months before we closed, to give us some real insight as to what's available. And the more we work together and the more they spend time together, the more confidence we get in the number. Do we think there's additional opportunity out there? I think typically, when you bring 2 organizations like this together, certainly, you find additional opportunities you didn't even anticipate to begin with. But we want to make sure we deliver the number we gave, and we feel very confident we can do that.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. And Ed, that's the reason we think it's important to really focus on the comps, as I said, because not only, obviously, as the ESI customers return, it's going to impact our comp, but there's a lot of moving parts both from moving from one plan to another. And certainly, we'll be picking up the business there. But also, and I really want to emphasize this, in addition to trying to work through it, reach an acceptable agreement with Express Scripts, which we're glad we did and met our core principles, we were out working all year long with all of our other partners to build relationships to grow our share there. And frankly, we feel very good with how we're positioned in the total marketplace to grow our total accounts.
Gregory D. Wasson: And that, Ed, we think it makes sense for the long term. So to reemphasize what Wade's saying is we think that setting ourselves up so that we have predictable sustainable reimbursements with our generics over the life of a relationship versus the high volatility we may get in the first 6 months and then not having control or predictability throughout the life of the contract absolutely makes sense for us long term. We also -- I do note that -- what I would add as well is that we also work with a few of our key partners and made some minor market adjustments to help them be competitive in the marketplace and therefore, also put us in a preferred position with them to help win business.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, Mark, I think, probably, time. But also, as far as the plans, there will be some plans that have changed or are going to another plan that will pick up on the -- after the first of the year. Absolutely, we think that's the smallest bucket of the 3, and that's why -- and that's where you have to balance and we have to balance what makes sense from a return on investment on the marketing dollars that we want to spend and how big that bucket is. So we think, obviously, bucket one's the largest. We've had people -- we've had patients out there that have been coming back to our stores almost weekly to ask, "Have we settled?" They were the ones that have come in the first couple of weeks and will continue to come in. Bucket two, we think, is probably where we should spend our money intelligently. And then our third bucket, as I said, I think it's the smallest of the 3, and there we just have to really decide how much we want to spend there.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. Scott, I would add that we have a very efficient system, and you saw the efficiency when we took this product out. And we don't expect excess inventory coming back as we begin to replenish based on volume. We know specifically where the volume is, and we'll be able to replenish accordingly.
Gregory D. Wasson: Scott, we certainly understand the complexity of it, and I think that's one of the reasons we try to give both a GAAP and a little more clarity with an adjusted number on this call. We'll continue to do that, as we said. I also think our monthly comps and everything that we're trying to provide. But we understand the complexity of it. We try to give as much as we can, but at the same time, as Wade said, they're a private company. We have to respect that as well.
Gregory D. Wasson: John, we -- that's what I meant in the call. We're not going to disclose that. That's highly -- that's competitively sensitive information, as I know -- as I'm sure you understand. And frankly, in addition to that, which is, frankly, the most important reason. In addition to that, it doesn't really show the entire picture. With all the moving parts and plan changes and so forth, as well as the opportunity to grow total share across the entire book of business, that's what we're focused on. That's what this team's challenged to do, is grow our total share, but the main reason is that's just information that we don't think we want to give for competitive reasons.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, what we'd rather -- John, what I'd really rather you focus on, everybody focus on, exactly what we're focused on is our total comp growth. And because for us to just focus on one plan versus the entire market, you wouldn't want us doing that.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. As I said, I think in 3 or 4 months, we're going to have a pretty good gauge as to what's in all 3 of those buckets. Certainly, we're not going to wait for 3 to 4 months to begin to contact and go after whoever may be in each of those 3. Again, we're just -- make sure that we go at it intelligently. The great thing is the timing of our Balance Rewards, our loyalty launch allows us to even more strategically approach and talk to these folks. So we're going to -- we'll know more in 3 to 4 months, but certainly, we're not going to wait for 3 or 4 months to determine what our next step is.
Gregory D. Wasson: We think -- first of all, the first question, we think it will impact both pharmacy and the front end, and that's the way we designed it.
Gregory D. Wasson: I think we really want to kind of focus on both. And then as far as the gradual -- we feel very good getting out of the gate early and 12 days being ahead of our forecast with nearly 12 million signed up. I think we're going to see a pretty vertical line here. We feel pretty good with the momentum we have right now.
Scott Andrew Mushkin: So I wanted to get into the working capital, Wade, a little bit and just -- it looks like it was a pretty big benefit to your cash flows and just trying to understand will some of this reverse next year. It looks like it was, for the fiscal year, over $700 million in the plus column for cash flow from ops. And you normally would use a little there, not every year, but you do tend to use, and I was wondering if you could kind of give us some flavor on how repeatable that is.
Scott Andrew Mushkin: Okay, perfect. And then the second -- the third question I have -- I have lots of questions, but the third one I guess I'll ask is just regarding guidance. There is none. Also visibility into Alliance Boots. I mean, clearly, we have, as analysts, just a tremendous amount to try to take a look at here, and this U.K. thing I think obviously took some people by surprise. Are you guys going to get the Alliance Boots team to talk every quarter? How do we look at this as analysts, where we own 45% of this business, but there's really almost no visibility into what's going on with that business? And then vis-à-vis guidance, how -- is there any thought process of providing at least a little direction here? It sounds like you think people are off quite a bit on how they're thinking about the incremental scripts. I didn't exactly understand exactly what you said, Wade. But how do you view this? And what are you going to do for the investment community to provide a little clarity as the company has gotten, obviously, very big, very dispersed, and there's a lot of moving parts? Then I'm done.
Scott Andrew Mushkin: I mean, for [ph] what it’s worth, I think it’ll probably help your P a little bit if you gave a little bit more, so numbers weren’t all over the place.
