Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first-quarter 2016 earnings call. I am pleased to report that today I started with a comparatively strong first quarter, as we expected. Our ongoing work to control costs across the Company and improve adjusted operating income margin is growing earnings overall, with adjusted diluted net earnings per share attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance up 32.1% compared with the year-ago period to $1.03. Although it is early days, we are on track to deliver against our expectations. In addition to the encouraging organic results from all three of our divisions, we continue to work hard to develop the Company. We have taken a significant step forward with our proposed agreement to acquire Rite Aid, and we remain focused on building new partnerships. In December, after the quarter end, we announced the fulfilment agreement with Valeant which, we believe, will enable consumers to conveniently access the Valeant's product at lower cost. I will come back to this later, but now will hand over to George to talk us through the financial performance for the quarter.
Stefano Pessina: Well, first of all, we have not shifted our strategy. We are pursuing both sales and margin. Of course, you don't have to judge on a single quarter. We have a program which has been designed over many years, and we are managing the Company in the long term. Whilst we try to be as good as possible each single quarter, but this is not our ultimate aim. Our ultimate aim is to transform this Company. So from time to time, we will see the prevalence of the sales or the prevalence of the margin. And maybe you, Alex, can respond to this.
Stefano Pessina: But what is important -- Stefano again -- what is important to understand is that we couldn't have a better time for this deal. Because in reality we are already investing a lot of capital to transform Walgreens, from the stores in Walgreens. And so at the end, this will be just an extension integration Rite Aid will be just an extension of the work that we are doing at Walgreens. If we had done this in three years' time, probably we would have had to start from scratch. Now, we will just continue in the work that we have to do in any case.
Stefano Pessina: Yes, you know what I think. I couldn't have been clearer since the very beginning. I have seen this market and I am really convinced that vertical integration is a necessity for the market, [by] market. It is part of what we have to do to reduce -- to control the costs in the healthcare arena. Any kind of vertical integration is good. It depends on the opportunities that we will have. It depends on the availability of partners. And also there are many ways to have a multiple -- a vertical integration. You can have a merger, which of course is the perfect way. But you can also have a commercial agreement, a very strong commercial agreement, and very strong partnerships. And as we have said many times, we are always open even for a partnership.
Stefano Pessina: I would like to give you an answer because this will mean that I would have a clear idea and a clear target for the next period. Unfortunately, you have to realize that we have just done a deal; we have to digest the deal that we have done. We have to look around. And at the right time, when we will be prepared, we will tell you which kind of deal and when we can execute the deal. But we have done two big deals in less than one year give us the time to organize ourselves. [Not that we don’t say about the time], let's be clear, it's a problem that we are very rarely speaking, we know what we can do, what we can digest, what we can afford. And so at the right time we will come back to you.
Stefano Pessina: Well, the first part of the question I can tell you that we are -- again, we have just done this deal. We have to execute properly this deal. We have to show that we are absolutely able to manage this kind of relationship, as we have demonstrated many, many times in Europe and after we will think about a potential deal if we will find other partners.
Stefano Pessina: First of all, let me say that I have never, ever spoken about control. What we want is to do something which creates value -- long-term, sustainable value. We have never spoken about control. We have done many, many deals where at the end we have lost the control, and it's by chance that many of our mergers have come back. And this was not the design. It was just the force of things. When you merge a company, when you merge two companies, you have one company; and of course, all the people of the previous two companies are members of the new company. You have just to try to select the best people for the best hope. And the people can come from everywhere. So we have never, ever -- I can tell you, I can assure you, never, ever done a deal with the idea of controlling the resulting company, first of all. Secondly -- so we are open to any merger; we are open to a merger where we could have the control, a merger where we could cede the control, a merger of equals. We would be open to everything which would create, I repeat, substantial and sustainable value immediately and in the future for the Company. This is for the merger. For the commercial partnership, of course, you can imagine many, many different kinds of commercial partnership. Valeant is a really good example, but there are other kind of partnerships that you can do on the cost side, on the margin side, creating synergies that you can share. And there is not a model. Every time you have to discuss and you have to see what is the best way to create value and how to share the value. But if you approach these discussions with an open mind, maybe sometimes it's possible to find a solution. Alex, you have seen many of these joint ventures, commercial joint ventures in the past, so you can say something maybe.
Stefano Pessina: We don't have any reason to change our view. As I have said before, we're working with the relevant authorities in order to speed up the process if possible of course. For the time being, we cannot add any comment to what we have said. We are still confident that this will go through in the terms that we have anticipated.
Stefano Pessina: No, we were confident. We have been confident for all the time we have been here. If we had not been confident we wouldn't have done this deal. We have done this deal knowing that we were going through a period of, let's say, substantial work that we -- to really be able to exploit all the opportunities which were there, which are here, which will be here, we have to do a certain work. And this is what we are doing. So maybe it's possible that sometimes we are more or less good in our presentations, but this doesn't depend on our mood. It depends maybe on our physical condition, I don't know, but not on our mood. Our mood has always been positive, is still positive. And we still believe very strongly in what we're doing. If by any chance we changed our mind, we would feel obliged to tell you; but I can assure you we are as positive as we were one year ago.
Stefano Pessina: We have given you the level of synergies. We have said $1 billion of synergies. We still said we are into that number. Of course, the synergies will be down, day after day since the time when we will be able to execute the merger. You can really value for these [guesses] from these how much of these synergies will be possible in the first year. We said that we would need two or three years to deliver this $1 billion, so you can see. We have given an indication. To be honest, we don't want to be more precise because we don't know exactly the terms. We don't know exactly how many pharmacies we will have to divest; we will know exactly how many pharmacies we could consolidate. So we don't want to be more precise for the time being; but overall, you have an indication.
Stefano Pessina: And also, as you know, we at Boots are very focused on skincare and we have many products in this area. We're a market leader in this area, and Valeant has also many products and many patents and intellectual properties in this area. And the collaboration could really improve the quality of our relevant products.
Stefano Pessina: Before I answer the two questions I would like to attract your attention to what I have said at the very beginning of this call. In reality, you don't have to measure up for the quarter taking all the different elements of our Company quarter by quarter. We have a long-term project. We are following this project independently on the quarter, and so you will see sometimes better rewards or KPIs, and these will not be always the same. You have to judge on the whole, and you see that on the whole we will continue to progress, as we have clearly demonstrated in the last four quarter. Every quarter we progress, and it's a mix of everything we do. The gross margin is important, but at the end of the day, what is really important is the operating margin; it is the earning, the profit that we can extract from an operation. Sometimes you have to sacrifice the gross profit because the [lower] increase in the gross profit or in the gross margin can be very expensive but to achieve a level cost or another cost. So we have always a holistic view and this, our holistic view, is extended over a long period of time and not over a quarter. Maybe you can answer in detail. But this is the logic, the philosophy.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, thanks, Stefano. Yes, obviously, I know Boots very well from the past, and I think that where we are in Boots is a pretty good space. I think as Stefano has indicated, Boots is really well established in the UK, an enormously loyal customer base, which I [find] the team they are successfully growing. So for the first time in many years they're starting to grow this forward and grow customer base in Boots UK using an omnichannel strategy. So the same great products, the same great positioned stores, the same great people who [technical difficulty] for many years. But now we're expanding and using the new technologies customers are engaging with both here in the US and also globally, but particularly in the UK, I think George has said already. In terms of Rite Aid, we're feeling pretty good about Rite Aid. They announced their results [technical difficulty] to me. We know there's five years and things they've done also in their front end in growing sales that we can learn from as well. As always, the idea here is to put the Companies together in a way that allows us to really get the best practice from both Companies here in the USA, while importing some of the best ideas from other markets.
Alex Gourlay: Again, we are really in the early stages. We know this space very well. Our team in Walgreens obviously knows the Rite Aid space extremely well, and we don't think this is a big problem. They have had a good investment program in about 2,000 of their stores already, over 2,000. And we believe that with appropriate investment and importantly, as George said, appropriate returns we can get the right sales and margin mix in Rite Aid over time.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, hi, it's Alex here. Hi, Ross. Yes, some of the examples which are maybe more the operational examples, we've spoken about these before. Obviously we've confirmed the [turn] of stores and we're well over halfway through that program, and that's going fairly well. We have reduced some opening [areas] as appropriate to make sure that we're able to give better care when more customers are actually in our stores. We've swapped our photo labs for dry photo labs using digital technology; and obviously that's been a great success on the cost side but also important in the growth side as well. So these are some of the structural changes that we've been doing so far. But there is some nice work I think in centralizing a lot of pharmacy operations which allows our pharmacists to give more attention and care to customers at the counter, while reducing cost substantially in the cost to fill. And all of these are programs that we continue to run into the future. We're not short of ideas. We have a very strong operational and IT team here, and we're working on all the things we can do to reduce workload throughout the Company but particularly our stores, so we can take better care of our customers. And we've got a lot more to go at, both in the plan and other ideas that we will develop over the next period. So we believe these are sustainable changes. We believe, importantly, the customer care numbers that we measure internally are going up as well. So removing work, taking better care of customers, taking back costs out, and starting now to reinvest back in the costs that are most important to the customers: have more people in our shops to serve them, as appropriate; and obviously getting the value proposition right as well for customers both in pharmacy and also in the front end. So that's where we're on the cost program: bang on track, and more to come, and developing opportunities for the future.
Alex Gourlay: [inaudible] I think that thing that's important here is to create the win-win. For example, in Valeant what we see is the opportunity to really take friction out for customers and patients and doctors and pharmacists so they can spend more time with patients, and therefore patients win. So the whole idea behind Valeant as I think Stefano said in the introduction really is about taking friction and cost out of the interactions between healthcare professionals and giving more time to customers. We're becoming more of a services company. We've been faced with things which have to do with the job of pharmacists, which is providing actually dispensing and making sure people understand their drugs properly. And that is great for pharmacists and great for profession.  And we've committed, as they, as we all have committed to over time ensuring that we independently monitor, that we deliver more costs in the system as a result of working differently together. That's an example we're developing in the U.S., and we will take our time to get this right and make sure that we implement in a way that is appropriate for the systems that we work in America. There's lots of examples in Europe I wish we could go into as well, in terms of not just retail locally in a way that creates win-wins and ensures we deliver better care at lower costs. And that's really what the partnership strategy is all about.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, it's Alex here. Hi, Robert. Again, we don't discuss these contracts openly, so I can't comment on the timelines. What I can comment on is that our strategy is to improve access, access to customers and access by having good partnerships, as we said before, with everyone in the marketplace. And I think, as we probably said, we are working hard with all of the major partners to improve access and also to drive the business forward. You look at the performance of Part Med D and you see again it's been a successful strategy. We are well set up again for this season. These are annual contracts in the main. They are becoming more sophisticated, as we also know, being paid of course on services within these contracts. And again we're determined to give better value, better care within these contracts. And we're starting to gently but progressively improve relationships and grow share. As George has said we grew share again in the quarter, which we're pleased with; but we know we have a lot more to do. So that's where we are. So we are feeling more confident in relationships with the PBMs. We are feeling more confident as we give better value to the market in terms of both price and quality of care. We get a better return. And we'll continue to develop our strategy over the months ahead.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, George. It's Alex here. Yes, again as I think we've said it's about taking friction and cost out of the system. For sure, we have an infrastructure here in the USA of the pharmacists; and of course in this deal importantly there will be independent pharmacies in this deal as well, because we wanted to make sure that we give customers proper access to the good products that Valeant has. And within that we have the ability, therefore, to distribute as well as fulfill the prescription, and that's what we intend to do in this occasion. But as Stefano said before, every single partnership we work with, at least on meds, we look at how do we create a win-win for our partner and what's important to them, and how do we use our infrastructure, our assets, in whatever country we operate in to make that so. So what we do here is we provide great care and a service model to our pharmacies, to our pharmacists, to the patients; and then we distribute these drugs at this occasion as a fulfillment. Each one will be different depending on the circumstances. And as Stefano said already, we will test this model properly to make sure that it is appropriate and does work in the US.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Ricky. Yes, I think as George said before, many manufacturers are looking for more efficient ways to get to the market, to get their products to the customer and to the patient. So again, Valeant came with that request to us, and other manufacturers may or may not come with that request to us, and we'll look at each case individually. So for sure it's really the same answer, I apologize, as we gave to George. Which is, we have a great infrastructure in the USA; we have a very strong logistics operation in the USA; we have good expertise in wholesaling coming from [indiscernible] division across the rest of the globe, particularly in Europe. And we will always do our very best to take cost out of the system, to do a better job for customers, and do a great job for our partners. So we're opening to these opportunities, but we've got to make sure that this one actually works and does work in America. And we'll take it from there.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, David. Hi, it's Alex here. I think that the first thing I would say, it really is as anticipated. So this is really as we expected. Generic inflation, going to the last part of the question first, is not material. So therefore, we are feeling pretty good about this, and this is factored into ongoing guidance going forward. The trends beyond that really are the same trends. We have ongoing reimbursement pressure as we work with the market to lower costs. They are more or less as we expected, and the trend continues in the same fashion. It's something we're used to in Europe, as we said before. I've worked in Europe for many, many years, and it's a trend that we expect to see, because as healthcare expands and government pays more and patients pay more then you've got to work to become more efficient within the market. And that's what we commit to doing. On the front end margins, we are pleased with the profitability as we continue to swap out old products. As George said in his introduction, we took out all of the order home decoration products, which primarily sell in November; and we are replacing these with more giftables. This was really the first year of that transition. We had great support from some of our partners. We have more plans to shift that mix next Christmas. And also importantly we have view 2,000 where again we're shifting the mix towards more beauty products, owned brand beauty products, from Ken's organization with the launch of these products in over one-half -- 1,000 extra stores to get to 2,000 stores by somewhere around Christmas next year. So the trends are very similar, to be honest. We are pretty predictable. Maybe the one that was a bit less predictable was promotional markets where, again, we gave great promotional through the autumn. So we've had to adjust that a little bit after that period. And of course, that's important to stay in a market and stay prepared, which we are doing. So really the trends are the same. We adjust as we go, but the fundamentals are the same.
Alex Gourlay: I think the first thing is this company has managed with very limited resources for some time and has done it very well, and I think that's a great discipline. It's a discipline, to be honest, the Walgreens team has picked up really quickly in the last 12, 18 months. I think it's people also in the Walgreens organization to use money wisely. But again we have an opportunity I think to learn even more about that, given the level of cash that Rite Aid didn't have in the last period. So that's the first one. I think related to that, secondly, to your point, they've invested wisely in their best stores. And they are getting -- from the numbers that the team speak about, and you will confirm, they're getting nice lifts in their refitted stores. To be honest, as we review some of the stuff we did in the Well Experience we hadn't been successful in the past, maybe two or three years ago, with some of these lifts. We're now getting better lifts. I guess I think if we can put these lessons together we can make better use of our capital and get better lifts in the front end. And of course with [indiscernible] really some really great products coming out of the global sourcing organization from Alliance Boots that [indiscernible] mentioned, [same] with beauty, developing into healthcare, into seasonal gifts. We put these three things together. So we are very open. Partnership is about openness, curiosity to learn, and that team has done a good job in these two dimensions in particular.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, we had a start at [indiscernible] Walgreens. I mean, the loyalty card here is only three years old. We have 85 million active customers on the card; we have now got almost 28 million, I think it is, save up Everyday Points, which was only launched in May. So we're very curious about how that card works in the marketplace, and we'll certainly take our time to understand it and see what benefits it could bring to our partnership.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, hi. This is Alex here, Scott. We are determined to implement as well, and we're determined to be very transparent about what the real costs are as a result of this partnership. And as I think we said in our statement that we have employed, actually lead this team to independently review this. So we are working very closely not just with Valeant but with our PBM partners to understand their concerns, and we will take care of these concerns. We're not looking to disrupt the system and terms of what they are trying to do to lower costs. We're trying to take costs out of the system which will help them to lower costs for their payers. That's our intention. Of course when you introduce something new to the market and some new thoughts, there's always people who maybe think differently about it. But we are determined to implement as well and make it work.  And in terms of why Valeant, well, because of the fact that they came to us and they asked us would we be able to, we have done the business in particular with the situation that we're in. We did appropriate due diligence and we decided that this is a good opportunity to take some of the lessons that the team, particularly Ornella's team in Europe, had learned about the attractive pharmacy model in wholesale. So we saw the opportunity to lift and shift our best practice in Europe into Valeant. And they liked the idea, and they walked through it pretty quickly and got to a good place in that pretty short period of time. They are a great team to work with, and we wish Mike a very speedy recovery. The team themselves are very engaged and working with us very well, and we will do all we can to make sure that any concerns are taken care of and are independently reviewed.
Alex Gourlay: I know it's a big subject, but remember we are both global companies. Valeant are a global company. They operate in many markets that we operate in. We have great infrastructure across many markets, as Stefano and George and others have explained. So we believe once we implement this well in the U.S. there are other opportunities for us to work in a partnership with Valeant. A 20 year deal was unusual, but it was there because we wanted to make sure that over time we generated a great platform not just here in the USA but also they are very good quality products, to make them more available to their brands and maybe even some of their own brands possibly in the European and other markets. So this is a much broader deal than just Europe. So to come back to why Valeant, there is a second reason because they are a very good company with good expertise on a model which is a very, very efficient R&D model.
Alex Gourlay: Maybe if I give a specific example in photographic, [tipping] the point that Stefano is making. In photographic we reduced substantially our operating costs by removing more expensive-to-maintain, more difficult-to-use, and requiring more people to use them, wet labs, the old labs. We removed all of that very quickly, in a period of about 18 months across all our states and replace them with a new digital technology which, in essence, reduces the gross margin actually but actually, because of the operating cost advantages of that system, drives two things. It drives volume. We had a very strong volume right through the period, and as part of the about-flat sales that George mentioned, in holding [the November] period, that was a driver up the way of sales. And also we have been able to offer better value to customers, and we're very pleased with the performance in that category. We have really driven a big differential. And that's been also transported to Boots as well. Boots are using the same platform with the same effect now in the UK. So that's a great example of what we mean by operating margin. In terms of costs going forward, we remain confident in our cost plan. We're on track [technical difficulty] people's attitude towards this has been fantastic. The teams have done a great job, and customer care scores are up because we're taking workload out. So going forward, you should expect to see the same activities. Now how they fall quarter to quarter, as Stefano said, sometimes varies depending on a number of factors. But the strategy we're implementing is a very clear strategy, and we're very pleased with the progress.
Alex Gourlay: [technical difficulty] just on seasonality of sales, that point is an important one, which is explains in substantially varying over 10% in the quarter just past. And if you look at the publicly available information, it's continued to a similar if not higher trend in the last few weeks as well. So again, seasonality is a big flux in our business, always has been, always will be. But one year we have a benefit maybe from seasonality; one year we have less benefit from seasonality. So we feel very confident our strategy is working and we will feel very confident through the quarter, as Stefano said, we will see that coming [technical difficulty].
George Fairweather: Yes, on guidance, obviously guidance includes everything for this fiscal year. I just would point out, obviously, that we are only shortly going to commence and start to roll out the Valeant program. And of course as ever when you bring in new programs, there's various startup costs that have to be incurred when you go down a new route. So, yes. Yes, yes, it's included; recognize that we're half way, pretty well halfway through the year, and this will be ramped up really starting relatively shortly, but will take some time to ramp up.
George Fairweather: Okay, I'll try and have a go at this. There is always an element of mix. But I think that one of the factors that I tried to draw in is obviously we're continuing in -- the biggest business is Boots in the UK, it's the biggest business in the division. They're continuing to perform well. As I said, we had -- in looking at the sales where omni-channel is and Boots.com in particular is a very important part of our growth strategy. We did in the summer anniversary just at the beginning of August our much faster online collect-in-store offer, so we've seen the impact of the growth of that coming through; then the anniversary; then we brought in some new development. So we saw this improvement coming then back up again into the December numbers, which together with the strong gifting meant that we've had a good Christmas in what's been a particularly competitive environment.  So in those businesses, it's really about having a differentiated front-of-store offer and then increasingly supported by omni-channel. Of course, in Boots in the UK we're able to piggyback on the Alliance Healthcare distribution system to do that.  So if you look at Boots' performance, certainly it's still early days, we're just starting to see some of the figures from our competitors on the [High Street]; but I think what's coming through pretty clear is that Boots is continuing to be a real winner there. In terms of the margin, really two points. One, there is always a seasonal impact, given the importance of the retail part of our offerings in Retail Pharmacy International. Of course, we started to see the buildup in November, because it tends to be that people start their Christmas shopping a little bit earlier in Europe than would be the case here in the United States. So there is a seasonal element and then, as I said also in the presentation, we got a little bit of a benefit in this quarter from the finalizing of the -- we're working towards finalizing our purchase price adjustment to the fair values that you have to do on the acquisition of Alliance Boots. We got a little bit of benefit there which helped the margin in this quarter that we won't see when you come and look at the same first quarter in 12 months' time. The key factor is the seasonality. Of course as we look towards the second quarter where we've got the very important holiday trading, the December results and into early January, you'll also see the benefit of that coming through when we're on the next call.
George Fairweather: You can take from that, Ricky, that I found a reasonable coffee shop with good pastries this morning before the call.
George Fairweather: As you'll appreciate, we don't give forecasts at that level. I'll really reiterate what Alex is saying: we expect, as we see in Europe, ongoing reimbursement pressures. There's obviously a little bit of growth in specialties as well, which I talked about, which of course has got a high unit margin but lower percent. So there will be some of these mix effects continuing to go through. And what we've got to continue to do is drive the efficiency and the productivity. It's absolutely the way of life. What we're really focused on if we come back is, is looking at the operating margin end-to-end. That's where I know Alex and I are very, very focused. Coming back to the retail example, Alex just talked about a lot of the promotional work that we talked about created a lot of inefficiency in stores and a lot of cost. So what you've actually got to do is drive the efficiency out as well as focusing just on the gross margin, because what's important is to be able to grow our operating margin from the business over time as well as our top line.
George Fairweather: We're just really working through the program, so every quarter we're getting more benefit coming through. I think we said we were broadly at the halfway stage at the year end, and we're just working methodically through it with Alex's team. We're pleased with the progress and very much on track to deliver this program. Of course, once we're through this program, we will always seek new ways to drive further efficiencies. It's just got to be a way of life for our business going forward, just as we've done in the UK, just as we've done successfully in Boots over a number of phases.
George Fairweather: And, Stefano here, don't forget that they have accepted to reduce their price, which is really, I would say, quite exceptional particularly here in the U.S. And they have accepted it because they have understood that a new model which should cost less should deliver benefits to the customers, to the final patients. And this is very important. This shows that this need of new ways of working, the innovative way of working, is really understood. It's important that it's understood. Someone has to start, and we are very happy that we'll be able, I hope, to demonstrate how this model will work in the U.S. and how this model could reduce cost for the final customer.
George Fairweather: I'll just emphasize on top of that really that we're very disciplined in the way that we look at returns, be it from capital, be it from revenue, revenue expenditure. It's really back to what we said earlier: we're very focused on creating real, real shareholder value. So that means driving out cost inefficiencies as fast as we possibly can in a way that still keeps the focus on the customer. But equally, we're perfectly willing to invest, invest in either capital or invest in revenue expenditure, where we're confident we can get a good return; and we will always do that. It will mean therefore from time to time we will get the variations between the various categories. The important thing is to continue to drive up our overall returns and deliver long-term, sustained shareholder value. And of course there will always be seasonal variations. It's the nature of our business.
