Tim Wentworth: To summarize what you've heard from us today, we executed on our plans in the first quarter despite the challenging environment, and we also recognize there is still plenty of work to be done. The future of health care and of this company both require innovative new thinking. My headline to you is that everything is on the table to deliver greater shareholder value. We have the experience and the license to deeply examine our business and make the changes that position us well going forward. Having spent time with our team members and our business, I'm encouraged by the significant opportunity to build on our legacy pharmacy strength and our trusted brand, to evolve health care and the customer experience. We are not pivoting away from our position as the premier neighbourhood retail pharmacy, but we are instead redefining what we can do to help payors, providers and pharma achieve their goals. The reasons I joined WBA weren't just validated in these discussions, they are even more true than I had anticipated. I have a strong team in place to drive execution who are effectively working together to deliver for all of our stakeholders while I work through several leadership transitions. In the coming weeks and months, we look forward to engaging with you, our customers, our fellow teammates and our shareholders as we are listening, learning and moving quickly to create sustainable value. Now I would like to open the line for questions.
Tim Wentworth: Good morning, Lisa. Thanks. So, first of all, as it relates to sort of how much can Walgreens drive market shift, I think we certainly, as a major retail player and partner to PBMs and health plans, are in a position to bring value to the table in different ways that they will look at and determine -- help them win in their marketplaces. And so I actually think we can play a fairly significant role in the relationships that we have, the contracts that we write and the risk that we're willing to take in terms of the value we know we will create at the back of the store with the way we can interact with patients on behalf of those payors. So I don't think, as you know, any change in a reimbursement model is a speedy change. But I think there's very, very strong clear messaging in the marketplace from us and others that would point to the fact that the way that retail pharmacies will create value in the next 10 years isn't going to simply be lowering the cost of -- the unit cost of the drugs that we're purchasing and distributing because, quite frankly, that largely now is not where the real gains can be made for payors and for patients. And so from our standpoint, we're going to drive hard at it. We can work inside of, and we've proven, we're inside of cost-plus models now, transparent models now. We have a very robust cash program. And we think we're a terrific partner to others that want to win in the marketplace with these more innovative models that they have talked about and that they are pushing into the market. So I feel super good. Now in terms of -- I'm not going to give you guidance on the, as you would expect, on the margins for drugs, other than to say that most of the -- if you look at the innovation and reimbursement in pharmacy that's likely to evolve, it's likely to evolve in such a way that the margin per drug is going to be largely based on how much service do we provide to patients that's receiving it. And I think we've seen what that looks like in models like specialty. We've also seen, when it disconnects, what it looks like. And those are things that we're working against as well, where we're not compensated for the kind of services we provide. And we are pretty confident that the value that we can build in what we call our pharmacy services, but also our use of pharmacists to help patients take the drugs and stay on them safely and get the benefits and make sure the payors are getting what they're paying for, we're super well positioned to evolve those models as a leader.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Thanks, George. I appreciate the question. That's a great way to ask what's on the table. And from that standpoint, let me answer your question though. Because we have a terrific group of assets that I think are going to be, on a go-forward basis, critical. But again, let me be clear, I'm 60 days in. We have a lot of work to do. We're working to get our cash flows, our balance sheet, all of our financial models aligned with being able to invest in our company to grow. The first and most easy answer is our stores. And so lest anyone think that where we were headed was a meaningful pivot away from being committed to a community-based engagement model with patients, both with what we do in pharmacy and what we do to create a great experience for them in the front of our store, that is central, a central element to what we will have going forward, and that is not on the table. Now what is on the table is what's the right footprint in stores. And we've announced already that, for example, this year, we're going to optimize our footprint by roughly 200 stores and we're on track to do that. We will continually look at sort of the model through the lens of where do we need to be and where do we not need to be, and what is creating value and what is destroying value. So - but there's no question for me that we are going to be a major community-based, neighbourhood, point of engagement for patients with human beings touching human beings, which I believe is the long-term how health care in this country is going to evolve. Besides that, though, we very much -- and you've seen -- I get asked, why did you come off the couch that you were sitting on to get back into the CEO chair? It was real simple. Walgreens called me. I had had three years of experience during the worst pandemic, hopefully, in my life with the pharmacy services part of our business, with the vaccines that my family and I were able to obtain. And so for me, I viewed Walgreens as a fundamental public health utility as much as a business, and something that literally has the potential to be meaningful, not just in a pandemic, but on a go-forward basis. And we have proven that with our pharmacy services businesses. So we are clearly investing around being able to both free up pharmacists, centralize certain activities and so forth using technology to then expand the things that we can do in store, be they testing, be they -- including working with LabCorp, but also using our own employees, vaccines and adherence programs and other things that we do to counsel patients. Besides that, though, we have a really terrific cluster of businesses in CareCentrix and in Shields where we're adding value to payors in areas where they're taking risk and where they're looking for partnership. And those assets are, in my first glance, providing real value to the marketplace and have potential synergy with one another and with our retail pharmacy model. So again, backing all the way up though, again, there are a number of other things there. The clinical trials business that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, super interesting, leverages some of our assets, capital efficient. And I think that that's the way I'll zoom out here and just leave you with the thought that says, I don't want to detail every asset we have. We've got lots of really good stuff. We also have investments in things like VillageMD that we're actively managing. But what I would say is this, the lens that we're going to put on these things is, do they create sustained value for payors, patients, health systems, PBMs? And if they do, can we get a fair return for the capital that we're going to invest in them? And if the answer is we can't get a fair return, we're not a charity, so we won't do it. But I see a lot of opportunities for us to meaningfully create high return on capital investments in the services business. And that's the -- I think the headline I put out there is that we are going to evolve our services, our strategy, from a health care standpoint to a health services strategy, which I think a retail pharmacy basis for that. I thought a PBM basis was terrific to build a health services business. I think a retail pharmacy base is a fabulous base to build a health services business from because of the engagement.
Tim Wentworth: So we like that investment. We're working closely with them. And as Manmohan mentioned in his prepared remarks, there's no question that they have put themselves on a good path, both in terms of their costs and their footprint, getting to a place where they're going to be meaningfully growing and profitable. So we like that as an investment. I think that as a future growth area for us beyond the village investment, which we're very committed to, I would not expect to see us investing in additional primary care assets in our portfolio of investments.
Tim Wentworth: Yes is the short answer. We recognize that VillageMD represents, and City, represent a fabulous sandbox for us to build services, test them, and by the way, demonstrate that they perform and help them achieve their objectives, while at the same time putting us in a position of growing. And from our perspective, that is a starting point to being a partner of choice for any number of -- as you know, Village has certain geographies they're very deep in, but there are geographies they're not in at all. And there are large provider opportunities for us to partner in similar ways in those marketplaces to grow our business and, importantly, help them grow theirs.
Tim Wentworth: So how long to implement, as you know, PBM and health plan selling cycles are not short. And so what I would expect is to see material potential change within a year or two. And probably -- but you'd also see for new sales midyear for small groups and stuff that churns more regularly, I think you could see a fairly quick uptake to the extent that the market is looking for this. And again, I say that cautiously because we've seen before with transparent, I remember in 2005, I think, as a PBM, I wrote the -- we joined the Towers Watson collaborative and it was -- we were doing traditional deals within six months alongside of the transparent because the market actually didn't want the risk shifted to them. They wanted the risk being held by the PBM. So in this case though, I think that the plan designs that the market have largely evolved to are creating this underlying demand to give patients the pass-through of the cost plus experience so that they don't have an odd surprise when they go to the pharmacy counter of paying more for the drug than actually they would if they were a cash payor. So I do think that the employers don't like the employees coming into their benefits office asking questions about how good are my benefits, if, in fact -- this is my experience at the pharmacy counter. And that's causing some demand. Again, I'd let the PBM speak for themselves as to why they've launched these programs. But I would suspect that, that's a piece of it. I think as well, the regulatory environment continues to evolve. And I think that it is very appropriately responsive to some of the concerns that exist there. So I don't think it's going to be -- this is not a six-month implementation. We are prepared and already have sat down and had conversations to support these models, and we could convert to a cost plus model overnight. So we are a willing player in terms of what we would need to do to compete and win patients on a cost-plus basis. Why payers would do it? Again, I think I've just -- I've answered that for you in terms of it comes down to providing a benefit in a labor market that's fairly tough competitive-wise to folks that are valued. And so they want the benefit, the pharmacy benefits, the most used benefit, they want it to be valued. And they want it to be understood and they don't want it to be confusing. And so I think these models offer a pathway to achieve that. What's in it for us is being paid fairly for the services we're providing at the back of the store, and not subsidizing in a large-scale way the products that the patients are getting in a way that's not economic for us. And I think the big change there, if you go back, there was an appropriate amount of incentive being created in the system to dispense generics, for lots of obvious and good reasons. If you go back 25 years ago, the generic wave was -- people didn't believe would happen. We had to do generic sampling in the PBM industry to even convince physicians that they were okay to dispense and easy to dispense. And so that's different now. You've got 90-plus percent generic dispensing rates in most places. And the need to cross-subsidize and force essentially the profit on to the generic side in exchange for a subsidy on the brand, particularly with the new brands that are coming out, just doesn't work anymore for the pharmacies or, frankly, for the patients in high deductible plans. And so I think those powers will align to force this time a set of changes around reimbursement that may well stick.
Tim Wentworth: Well, I'll turn the first part of your question over to Manmohan and then be happy to answer the second part.
Tim Wentworth: And as it relates to owning a PBM, I don't think that that's the best path for us, quite frankly. We -- I love -- and you've heard me say this in the past lives, I love being independent. I love being someone who can work across the ecosystem in a way that doesn't create anything but trust. And having a small PBM, the economics of delivering really good service and really good costs favor large PBMs for really obvious reasons. They produce a lot of value by scale. And so buying a second-tier PBM for us does not make sense. I would much rather work with every PBM than own a small one.
Tim Wentworth: No, it's a great question, and we did see it this morning. And my preface is, as I've mentioned, we can work inside of almost any reimbursement model and be a service provider to payors as well as patients as well as pharma. With that said, I can touch it over to Rick, who can speak a little bit as it relates to sort of how we think about that program and others like it that may evolve in the market.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. I appreciate the question. The way that we view every opportunity is how do we gain share with it. What I like is competing on unit price is a fairly straightforward exercise, and we continue to do that. Competing on the underlying cost to deliver the basic service is something again that we understand and live with. Hard to differentiate on those two. We will always be the low-cost provider. That's one of the goals that we have and we are driving toward in our pharmacy business. But what I really like is the models that are being discussed and evaluated, and I think being pulled into the market, will allow differentiation on how well you leverage other assets and what assets you have. And in that respect, we've got 123 year head start on some folks as it relates to building out a trusted brand that patients will respond to. I'm really compelled by the kind of response that we are able to get on behalf of payors, for example, in our Walgreens Health business, when we use our brand and have our pharmacists call a patient and suggest to them, on behalf of one of our plans, that a flu shot would be a good idea for a Medicare Advantage patient, or that perhaps complete -- coming to the store and getting a Cologuard test and actually completing it and showing that we can get 50% plus response rates, even with something as challenging as a Cologuard test, to me that shows the kind of thing that we can do better than anybody that will differentiate us as these contracts with payors broaden out from pure unit cost. And so I feel really, really good about where we sit as an ability to do that to gain access to patients and, therefore, gain share.
Tim Wentworth: Great. Thank you. So, in summary, and thanks for dialing in. We are pleased with our first quarter results, but we recognize we have a lot of work to do. It is still early. The market continues to be, particularly for retailers, challenging. I think we're responding really very well. And we have a very supportive Board. You've seen the changes we've already been supported to make, and we have additional things that we are looking to do. We are on a path, but we are nowhere near the even the halfway point of the kind of things that we believe we can do long term to build a really powerful health services company on the back of and leveraging an excellent community asset that today we call a retail pharmacy. And so from that standpoint, the exciting thing for me is not only that we are on that path and that the results so far have been what we would have hoped for despite being very challenging and having to make some very, very difficult decisions. But to me, the thing that I go home and get excited about every day is, after we talk to payors and we talk to the marketplace, we talk to pharma, and we find out the level of need and interest they have in Walgreens being a preferred partner. And I think over the coming quarters, we will be able to give you greater clarity as it relates to what that's going to look like in our future and we look forward to doing that. Thanks very much.
Rick Gates: Yes. Sorry, Eric. The one thing I'll add is that we've been very successful at making sure that we are negotiating straight and core dispensing as one rate and anything else, value add, is a separate rate. So when you think about pay-for-performance contracts or you think about any of our services like vaccinations or test, test and treat, those are completely separate reimbursements that we're getting. So we've been very specific on how we contract so that we can be laser sharp on how we look at the unit economics of our scripts dispensing.
Rick Gates: I think, Tim, you hit I think what we can talk about right now. I think what I would say is that, obviously, transparency for consumers and anything that lowers drug cost to consumers, we think is a good thing. And so obviously, we are supportive of those types of programs. We work with all of our partners, be it payor, PBM or pharma partners in order to help deliver against those. So is it an opportunity? Absolutely, and we certainly would support and work with Lilly on that.
Rick Gates: Yes. And I would just say that, obviously, most of the pay-for-performance contracts still sit within the Medicare Part D space. So obviously, we not only contract on specific deliverables, but we obviously plan operationally on how we're going to deliver against the ones that make sense so that we can deliver value within the ecosystem. We are starting to see in the Medicaid space that they are starting to have contracts come through. And obviously, generally then it would move into the commercial space. I think just reiterate what Tim said, I think we are having conversations and, obviously, our ability to deliver on these pay-for-performance contracts gives us more credibility to actually enter in more going forward.
