Greg Wasson: Yes. Good morning Lisa. We feel confident upping the number for this year to 375 to 425 based on what we’re seeing. We still feel confident a billion dollars and aren’t ready to make any comments on that. We -- longer term we still feel confident that there are opportunities that we are identifying but at this point in time we feel confident that we’d get to that billion dollars in 16. 
Greg Wasson: Yes, good morning Eric. I have got Alec here, so I'll lead off, and maybe I will let Alec weigh in a little bit, but you know as I said, we do think we have an opportunity to build bigger in Beauty. We feel good with our pilot rollout of the Boots brands in Arizona as I said. I think we've been in that since last fall. We're seeing some pretty good results, not only in with the brands specifically, but in the total category itself, which is encouraging. We intend as I said the rollout, in New York City next, we think that’s a good metropolitan market to introduce the brand in a very special way. And we're going to do it right. So, we’re feeling pretty good there. I guess maybe I will -- Alec, I will let you kind of weigh in there with your thoughts.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I would just say that this year both operating and free cash flow look a little bit lumpy just because we’ve got this major transition with AmerisourceBergen, the timing of the brand move, the timing of generic move, they are really selling us contract for how we think about inventory versus payables. But this is really going to work its way through the system because at the end of the year we anticipate that we’ll have what will be the targeted levels for this type of transition. So I guess what I would just say is I don’t think anything is unusual this year in operating or free cash versus prior year and that slight changes working capital slight changes and whatever. So as we look forward, I guess 2016 we still are very -- remain very confident Eric, in our combined cash goal of $8 billion in operating and very strong free cash flow. And again I think what you saw last quarter was very low but it’s really just because of this transitional effect in this quarter was more normalized but the next couple of quarters we should be kind of even out for the entire year as we complete the full transition.
Greg Wasson: Yes, well, I mean the real [indiscernible] it’s just for us operating less the capital but it’s not substantially different, you’ve got our guidance for what we planned on capital spending and you could do the math yourselves there, so.
Greg Wasson: I would weigh in on that as well, I think -- I would say we're really kind of in the infancy of the insights that we are beginning to gather from, having launched nearly a 180 million active members a year ago. So, there is a lot of excitement from the merchants let me tell you about the data and the insights are beginning to have.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I'd say one of the things that we have, we do feel good about with the opening of at a slower rate, although still plenty of New York store growth year-over-year, we are really finding some great locations and that’s what we want to do. We want to A plus locations now and open at that same rate going forward. We still have several geographies out there that we can expand in, and fine great locations.
Greg Wasson: Morning, John. Let me start with kind of where we're focused and what we're focused on is to help encourage our customers to make healthy choices and not only with just with cigarettes but with daily habits and that’s just kind of our walk with Well and some of the things we're doing are designed to do. That includes helping people quit. And I think that CVS, as said, that two most important factors that help someone quit smoking as a healthcare professional as well as nicotine replacement therapy and some stats that maybe you may have or may not have but back in the 60s, 70s we're better than half of this population smoked today it's down to about 18%, it's been 18% for a period of time. Those folks 60 some percent of them want to quit, 45% last year tried to quit. We think we are well positioned to help folks change their behaviour who want to quit. So our pharmacists are geared up and we really want to begin to help change behaviour. So that’s our area folks.
Greg Wasson: Well, as I said we’re going to help people change behaviour, we’re going to help them quit and I don’t think there is any one better than retail pharmacy where the pharmacists and smoking cessation products that can help people change your behaviour and help them quit.
Greg Wasson: John may be I’ll add because Alex is humble, he won’t say this. But I think one of the things that we’re bringing as well and he is helping with is the understanding of how their Boots loyalty program was successful and help drive a lot of the success that they had moving into beauty and other areas within the UK, and I think the knowledge that we’ll bring in with our 80 million active members now to continue to improve our loyalty program is going to be a big opportunity for us.
Greg Wasson: It’s Greg, maybe I’d start with just retreating what I said, I think not on last earnings call, the one before that we have no plans to do so to do so, to do an inversion or redomicile the company. I think what we are focused on frankly is spending the time with our Board and on diligent and so forth to make sure that we put our board and our shareholders into position to make the right decision on step two. And that’s what we’re focused on. But just to reiterate as I said on last call we have no plans to do an inversion.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I mean, I would just say just there is a couple of factors, the big one obviously is the timing of new generic introductions and so we start to move in a phase for those comps now. Again, the exact date of these can never be perfectly predicted so you have in general the information that we have but that makes a very substantive difference.  Again, we’re starting to cycle the front investments that we made that were quite substantial to get back to more of a normalized rebalancing mix and so over the next quarter or two we’ll move into that cycling. And then even things like flu [I think too is] [ph] going to have some mix effect and so we’ll start to both cycle that and get into more of a normalized period. So these things will kind of all come when then come, but directionally especially when you also look to stacks for compare, they tend to even out over time, and I think we’re moving into that phase.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I think we feel very good where we are but I would also say that for the people they are in the trenches working, these people like Jeff and John, these - some of the deals that we work, you never can predict exactly when they’re going to hit and for what period they will accrue to, but separately I would say that every day we have multiple streams working very hard to identify new synergies to work - negotiate new synergies. And so again while we feel very good on the glide path and even a long term as Greg suggested these things are going to require hard work each and every quarter, every quarter going forward and we just don’t want to get ahead of ourselves there.
Wade Miquelon: Well, I don’t know if it’s linear or not but I'll say they can be choppy along the way, because sometimes you get a step up for something that we do, but other times we identify a new source of synergies and start working there. It’s just there is a lot to moving parts underneath the hood, but directionally we feel we have the right momentum towards our goal.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I think we’re just aggressively attacking all costs, so we have had a couple of very, I think, strong quarters versus to what we had prior in our sustainable growth model. We’ll continue to attack all costs and make sure that we focus all resources on the core strategies that will drive values. So I hesitate to lay into any kind of guidance on that, but as Greg said also that the big distribution benefit for us really comes at the end of this fiscal and into next fiscal, when we have all of our generic volume which is just smaller dollar piece about 80% of the unit volume fully consolidated in their systems. And I think that’s also when they see the benefit too, as once we get the full integration of branded generics so that will be a next year event by and large.
Wade Miquelon: We haven’t given that number, Ricky, although making good progress and we intend to be completed by the end of the fiscal year and we are on track to meet that date for sure. 
Wade Miquelon: No, I think you can expect probably going forward a rate similar to what you saw in this quarter. It’s again if I think it’s really complex to kind of track the rate through this based upon our joint venture, their business and our business. But I think that you will see something markedly different from what you saw in this period.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, the big thing in the number for IFRS purposes is the warrant income from ABC, and they have a lag, so it was actually gain in this period for them. And without the lag for us, the stock pulled back a little bit. It was a slight loss. But that was the big thing in the IFRS number, and again for our purposes, for GAAP we reversed that out. There is always some nuances back and forth. With respect to the overall business, I’m not going to provide any kind of guidance on it going forward, but they are going to be reporting their numbers for the full-year in May. And so closing at the end of March, in the next week or two, so I think we’ll be able to get a lot more color on their business probably. And that should probably be very helpful.
Wade Miquelon: It was primarily the warrants, I don’t have the full rec, but that will be the main event. But we can get you the specific details on that.
Wade Miquelon: As Greg has said, our gross profit SG&A spread would have been basically equal, having not had it. So you can deduct about 20 couple million, 22 million for snow removal, 25 million and then a balance up to 60 million, so 35 million or so for gross profit impact. I mean that was built through historic closures where we had substantial store closure days and a little bit of traffic too.
Wade Miquelon: No, we didn’t repurchase any shares. I think as we have said before, our allocation policy was to get us through step two very strong balance sheet position prior to reconsidering any buybacks. We have been buying, as you could call, to see some AmerisourceBergen stock and the number at the end of the quarter was 1.5%, 1.6%. 
Wade Miquelon: We don’t think that our kind of rate of annualized growth that we've talked is going to be different. Again in the grand scheme of things, these seven, six stores are less than 1% of our total and many of them have, circumstances have changed over many years. But on a go forward basis, we will see the same kind of cadence we've had had in the past few years.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Eric, thanks Greg. As Greg said, we are pleased with our progress so far. I have seen really positive response from some of our customers who are already shopping for Beauty in Walgreens and doing more shopping for Beauty in Walgreens particularly developing some categories. The bed is absolutely right, [indiscernible] it’s not just the way the product, it's about the customer care that runs a product. And if we are not consistently both in Phoenix and in the 10 stores that we have upgraded in New York. So I might [indiscernible] if you want to have look out and you square example in New York City, Empire State Building in New York City. They are both on the ground and we'll have a 150 growing by the end of this fiscal year, and I am feeling good. That’s certainly encouraging Walgreen shoppers to shop a bit more in Beauty already and it is not just Number 7, it’s the Boots brands and beyond that.
Alex Gourlay: We believe we can go quite a long way without them. Again the history in Boots, the premiums brands have only been in Boots for about 15-20 years and Boots have a very beauty business and mask and we call it [indiscernible] which is mid-market brands before then. So we are feeling pretty good about being able to expand with both premium brands and obviously as we go forward into the future we attract customers to think more about the experience of beauty instead of Walgreens, we believe that some of the premium brands may be interested in joining us in Walgreens but I strongly don’t know at all, and we think we can get quite a long way on that road without the support of premium brands.
Alex Gourlay: Well, Eric, maybe I’ll lead off and get Wade and even Mark Wagner if he wants to weigh in. Keep in mind that when we talked earlier in the year about our enterprise optimization program to really set ourselves up for the global the international entity we’re about to become, we really want to make sure we’re positioned to ready roll for that and we’ve been doing some good stuff corporately as we talked about to position ourselves and then the next thing we want to look at some of the assets, we took a real hard look trade area by trade area at our store locations something to your point we really -- we’ve done in the past but not with a real focused effort. Good news is frankly we’ve got a lot of great locations out there and we've only really stumbled on about the 75 or so that we’re talking about. A lot of that is due to -- some of that is due to us. We put in may be an extra store in the trade area and probably what we should have and we’ve done step in so forth. But with that may be I’ll turn it over to Mark a little bit as far as he went through -- he led that exercise to look at our store base and I think maybe he’ll add a little colour.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, thanks Greg. The other thing I will say is that the success of the Balance Reward Card in terms of 180 million active customers and 100 million people signed up, has given us real-time data about how people are using our stores, and really that data is helping us to design as Greg has said even better assortments going forward. So, I think the design has been really appreciated by customers, the feedback in terms of the brand perception is good, in terms of moving on the brand perception to a more differentiated space than normal drugstore channel which exactly what the team is out to do a few years ago. And the data from the Balance Reward Card is now allowing us to build better assortments for our customers. So, I think we'll accelerate from this point based on that data and based on what the customers are telling us right now in terms of their perception of the Walgreens brand within it.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, I think it’s a bit of all three. I mean I think some of it is really well understood and we're using already to simplify some of the things we're doing particularly in the promotional strategy and some of it we'll understand in terms of building assortments as said already. And I know from experience of being with us that there is a lot more we can do with this data over time but a strong team they are really a good team and are working closely with our association partners across in Alliance Boots and I think this will give us a lot of momentum going forward. So, I think all three to be honest for very good reasons.
Alex Gourlay: Yes John I think Pink Friday which as you know was a [indiscernible] in the UK, Walgreens already has a really seasonal business, and particularly it seemed a last minute I guess destination for many Americans and that’s exactly what Boots does as well. So we think we can really join together and improve certainly the Beauty ranges in Walgreens. And surly through brings supports across both Boots and Walgreens by Kmart but even better for customers. So seasonal is definitely one area. And I think also the second point would be the fantastic Walgreens brand. At our Walgreens healthcare brand is the number one healthcare brand from a consumer healthcare point of view. And again working closely together to being new innovative products both to the U.S. and to the UK market where Boots is primarily based is another big opportunity in this relationship on the consumer and the front end.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, I guess a couple of things as obviously I think when you look at our business you need to look through to the leases and the lease is back on the overall balance sheet which is significant. We like where we are in investment grade and I think it’s been important for us to stay investment grade, we’re in that investment grade zone. We should be over time I think, we've decided over time as we go. But I guess what I would say yes we are, we do believe we’ll generate a lot of free cash flow, have a lot of options. But at this point we’re really focused on getting through to step two with the structure, with the ratings, with the overall metrics that we’ve had, at that point I am sure that we’ll look broadly in for instance all of our options as a company to say what’s the best capital allocation process going forward, and where the best value creating ideas returning back to shareholders or is it investing back on the business. Glad to say it's a little bit premature to have that discussion right now.
