Rick Hans: Thank you, Allen. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO, will discuss the quarter's highlights and our continued progress in executing our core strategies. In addition, Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will detail our second quarter financial results. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, our President of Pharmacy Health and Wellness Services and Solutions; and Mark Wagner, President of Community Management. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one question. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations. Also, I'm available throughout the day by phone to answer any additional questions you may have. You can find a link on our webcast under our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. We're also making the call available as podcast. You can download that too at our Investor Relations website. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risks and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Wade. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions.
Rick Hans: Folks, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. As a reminder, we'll announce March sales on April 5. Keep in mind that March sales will be negatively impacted by this year's later Easter, which falls on April 24 compared to April 4 last year. The company will report combined comp store sales for March and April with the April sales results. We will report third quarter results on June 21. Until then, thank you for listening. And we look forward to talking with you soon.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, it's Greg. I'll start and maybe Wade can fill in. I think we were pretty pleased with where we finished up. I think when you look at the LIFO effect that we had on the front end, we continue to feel good with our managing our front-end margin, especially in this environment of commodity prices increases. I think we're doing a good job continuing to balance price and promotion, working for supply chain cost and so forth to reduce our cost of goods. But I think on the front end, we feel pretty strong there also, as you know, lapping strong increase from the year before. Certainly in Pharmacy, as we said, the generic increase that we saw was offset somewhat by reimbursement. The reimbursement step down that we saw in January, February is exactly pretty much what we planned for. And we certainly have to continue to manage to get there, and predictable reimbursement from our payers.
Gregory Wasson: Well, I think, Ed, certainly, it's an environment that we're going to have to focus on extremely well going forward. As you said, we're going to continue to see higher commodity prices coming through, but we've managed through times like this in the past. It's all about staying competitive, store-by- store, checking the competition, making sure we go where we can, and make sure we're still providing the right value. That's why I talk about time and time again that retail is really all about balance, and making sure you're swinging doors at the same time, creating value. And so I think our convenience, as we've talked about before, allows us to some opportunity to get the delta there over others. And we just have to understand what that delta is line-by-line. So I think we feel good with being able to manage through it. Certainly, we're going to have to be focused.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Deborah, maybe I'll take that. Yes, there's absolutely a change in focus and as I've talked about, I think we've got cost reduction and productivity gain kind of embedded in the DNA of the organization. Now frankly, I think, going through our Rewiring for Growth initiative the last couple of years has really done that. And who knows, could be the biggest by-product of that initiative going in the future. So yes, I think we have folks that are focused in all aspects of the business, turning over every stone from supply chain to just SG&A, corporate expense, store level expense, how we run drugstores and so forth. So there's no doubt it's in our DNA. We think there's more opportunity, and we're going to go after it.
Gregory Wasson: Well, I think, Deborah, we're gaining share from just across the board, whether it's -- it varies region by region. So I think that as long as we continue to execute strong like we are, I think Kermit and his group, Mark has done a great job with improvement in service levels and customer sat [satisfaction] within our scores. So I think we'll continue to execute, continue to gain share, especially if indeed the reimbursement environment gets a little more challenging, there'll probably be more opportunity for us to gain share. But it's pretty much across the board, varies a little bit by region, but we feel good with continue to grow share.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, I think you're right. Kim did start with us a couple of years ago. Kim has done a fantastic job in taking our organization from what I call good advertiser product to a world-class marketing organization. She’s done exactly what we wanted her to do and continue to build that. I think what Graham brings to us is just flat out dead experience in both customer experience and loyalty with a world-class operation and world-class product that they built. And I think that his number one focus is enhancing and elevating our customer experience across the entire enterprise, loyalty of which is one part of it. And I think the winning retailers, going forward, will be those that really deliver an outstanding customer experience across the entire enterprise. That's what he's focused on, and we wanted someone that could come in and really just be laser-focused on that and work with Kim and her insights group and so forth to help deliver.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Eric, I think -- and Wade alluded to, I think, with an earlier caller, I think it's going to be a combination of, obviously, managing the competitiveness of those items. But also, driving our private brand help offset it, and we've got to be laser-focused on both of those areas to achieve the right balance. And I think with our opportunity to drive private brand, we feel pretty good about it.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Ann, as far as AMP, it's still uncertain as far as the timing and the impact of it. So I can't give you any more color there. As far as state Medicaid, again, same thing, we work with each individual state individually to manage fair and acceptable reimbursement as well as additional solutions. And as I said in my script, one of the things that we're encouraged by is that I think there's a lot we can do to help states with. And first and foremost, is making sure they do understand that the generic wave and the compliance adherence of generics is going to a huge positive for them going forward. Secondly, we've got a lot of solutions that we can talk to them about regarding the use of our retail clinics to offset medical costs. So there's no doubt they're going to be continued to be focused on reducing costs as everyone is in this environment. And we think we're actually positioned to help bring additional solutions.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Mark, Greg, I'd just say this, certainly, this year, we learned a lot, and there's two things. I think the consumers definitely value our convenience to get flu shots, so the demand is there. We could expect that continue to grow. And second, we certainly know how to work with our Pharma supporters to manage the inventory a little better next year. So we feel good we'd be able to manage their inventory, as well as the amount of -- and still grow share.
Gregory Wasson: Well, Mark, that's a good question. It's awkward, I think I'm probably naive to say, I think we've got everything we need. I think as we continue to grow, there's always gaps. There's always sophistication and assets that may come available that make sense. But I think we certainly have come a long way, and I think what I'm really enthused with and feel good about is the focus because there's no doubt, and I've said this several times. Our center of gravity are those drugstores, and those drugstores are the center of communities across the country. And more and more focus we get on providing additional services, products and solutions to communities in need, the better off we'll be. So I feel good with some of the divestitures that we've done, because I think it's helping our focus. There certainly will be other gaps and other opportunities for us to continue to drive the business, file buys, prescription file buys, we expect to continue to see, as we talked about earlier. We're going to continue to grow specialty and Infusion business, and that could be through file buy-type opportunities as well. So I never say never, but I think I feel pretty good with the portfolio we've got right now.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Lisa, a little of both, which doesn't concern me because frankly, the consumer is voting, and the consumer is basically saying, hey, I want to get my chronic medications in a 90-day supply or if I do, I want to be able to use retail. They're voting for that more and more. Certainly, there are obviously others that want to fill those through the mail, and I understand that. The main thing that I think we're getting buy-in from the industry is we're not looking for 90-day supplies at retail to replace the mail benefit. We're looking forward to add to an existing benefit, and it's hard for anyone to debate the facts and the results of adding a 90-day retail benefit to an existing mail benefit. Then you get a higher 90 day utilization, you get improved adherence and compliance, good for the payers, good for the patients, good for everyone. So Lisa, as you would suspect there’s probably -- there are some that are pushing back but ultimately, the consumer will vote, the payers will vote. And then in a few years, in my opinion, this will be a norm.
Gregory Wasson: Lisa, Greg. I want to pile on here a little bit. So I think you can look at a 90-day supply of prescriptions and the convenience that we bring by someone being able to come into our retail pharmacy within the community. Same way you can look at the front-end goods and the value that our convenience brings. People will pay for convenience. They pay for convenience for our front-end products, even though there may be competitive items. And they also pay for the convenience, whether it's an additional co-pay or half a co-pay for it to be able to walk in and see their pharmacist face-to-face. So our convenience, just like it does on the front-end, supports the pharmacy and a differential co-pay, if that's what it requires.
Gregory Wasson: No, not at all, Lisa. I think that certainly, by having the 90-day available and if others don't, then we're going to -- it'll grow our share. But my intent is not to have a 90-day retail prescription available only at Walgreens. I think that the industry will see 90-day retail prescriptions become a norm for retail pharmacy. And so, therefore, I'm not about just only having a 90-day retail prescriptions available at Walgreens.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Patricia, I'd add, I feel good with not only the team and the talent we put together, as Wade said, but also where we stand at this point in time. We've got two opportunities here. One, we've got a very strong private brand already, in over-the-counter cough and cold, that type of product, that we have the opportunity just to make it even better and drive that even greater. We also have the under penetration I've talked about before in consumer consumables, which is where I think, obviously, the Duane Reade expertise, deal coming out of Loblaw's and the food business can help our existing team there tremendously. So we feel we got good upside there.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, I think I'll avoid giving numbers, Patricia. I will say this, the reason we're picking up the pace is we're excited with what we're seeing. And I'm sure if you haven't gotten into a few of those stores, you should, because you'd understand exactly why we're excited. So we definitely think we've got a tremendous opportunity in Manhattan. Duane Reade has a tremendous footprint in the market. The existing remodels are doing well, exceeding our expectations and so, therefore, it makes sense to increase pace.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, I think that's an opportunity for us that Kermit's working on. We're in the process of some of the systems conversions right now. Our pharmacy systems, which will -- once we get that completed, that will allow us to be able to transfer prescriptions from a Duane Reade to a Walgreens across the country, and which is one of the things that really set ourselves apart over the last decade, was to build a -- to transfer scripts around. So yes, I think we're going to build to help them on the pharmacy side of the business just as they brought a lot of value to us in other areas of their business.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Dave. I'll take the second, and Wade will get the first one. But yes, I think what we're doing with pricing promotion and the work that Bryan and Kim are doing, certainly, we're continuing to get stronger. I do think that as was mentioned from an earlier caller, that certainly, we're going to begin to see more and more commodity price -- commodity increases and so forth that will challenge us a little bit going forward. But that's exactly what we will have to do is continue to pass on what we can, what makes sense, stay competitive, drive private brand to balance it. So I think that the team is getting stronger. They're getting more focused on achieving that balance.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, David, maybe I'll let Mark Wagner jump in, get him a question here. But I would say that we're seeing kind of a mixed bag. There's some out there that are holding, and some that are taking, the market...
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I'll just add on here. I think that we feel very good about our gross margins. I think what we're really focused on again is gross margin dollars, and trying to make sure to play the right balance to get the top line growing, as well as the profitability. So I feel, in general, we struck the right balance. We are seeing some inflation and obviously, commodities are up and those feed stocks will funnel through over time. I think we'll be very -- we'll be ready to manage it when that comes, and there'll probably be other opportunities to provide value, and private label and other things as well. So again, I think I'd encourage you to keep focusing on gross profit dollars, in particular, against that construct we laid out of SG&A gross or SG&A dollars.
Wade Miquelon: We'll use it opportunistically to drive our private label even harder if need be. We'll make sure that we have key price points versus competition. We'll make sure that our KBIs [key buying influence], the most important items we have, are priced right every day. So I think we'll be able to manage it very effectively, but I think it also gives rise to opportunity.
Wade Miquelon: A couple of things, right, is there's a lot of -- last year, actually, if you look at our back half gross profit dollars, they were fairly very strong. And that's for a couple reasons, number one, is we have the gross profit lift from Duane Reade, but we also were cycling the year prior, above [ph] some closeout and other CCR impacts. So from that regard, that actually is a bit tougher compare but SG&A, obviously, is a much easier compare. So I guess what I would say, obviously, quarter-to-quarter, we lost the mix effects from seasonal and other things. I think I'd really kind of just trying to point you back to that goal of over time to have 100 basis points more gross profit dollar growth versus SG&A, and if we do that, the whole model works.
Wade Miquelon: I would just say there just a lot of moving parts quarter-to-quarter, and still a lots of things, not only seasonality, business mix, changes in plans, et cetera. But again, I think that we feel that our goal of making sure we have 100 basis points or more over time is the right goal, and the goal that hopefully, we should be able to achieve.
Wade Miquelon: I think, the way -- and probably, the big difference is rather from sort of cost cutting or restructuring, which we went through the past couple of years. Now it's really focused on continuous process improvement, and what we would call cost innovation. So putting as much creativity into innovating to be much more effective in doing new ways to drive our business and to manage our costs, as we would on top line growth. And I think that's the real kind of mindset difference.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I guess the way I would frame it just roughly, Eric, is that last year, we said that we kind of have a year-on-year, probably our biggest step down we ever experienced through a variety of things. Things like AWP [average wholesale pricing], a few other changes, a few issues, say, we have gone through a few commercial plans and then also, a very large number of year-on-year generic step down. You added all that up, and we said it was almost $0.5 billion year-on-year. This year, we're not seeing anything in that magnitude for sure. So there's a little bit of pressure coming at us because generics are a little lighter than year prior. But overall, a little bit, not overly significant. Again coming into November, December next year in our 2013, we'll start to see a big generic wave, and that's going to be helpful then as well. So a little bit of pressure year-on-year, but not the kind of pressure we saw the year prior.
Wade Miquelon: And one thing I'd also share though is Kermit's team is also doing a lot of work to continue to reengineer our cost to fill for deleveraging new prescribe, our central flow capabilities, other streamlined processes. So we work it from both ends to make sure that we get to the best overall gross and net.
Wade Miquelon: Well, I guess one thing, is remember that this is not all CPG-type products, right, that there will be some LIFO over time that tends to come through on the Pharma side as well. In some cases, we are able to price out ahead of it. So you might see the benefit in the numbers even despite the fact you might have an inventory LIFO hit. So I think the key thing for us is -- I'd be less concerned about what the LIFO movement is because over time, it doesn't move that much, and really more focused on whether it was sustainably over time able to get our portfolio pricing up to the level we need to for aggregate inflation, and I think that we're pretty good at doing that.
Wade Miquelon: I think just what I mentioned, sorry and I apologize if I wasn't clear, but I think what I mentioned meant to imply was that a, it is a long term goal, right, so it's year-by-year, et cetera. And that 2012 and '13 would probably be easier than 2011 to hit it because of all of the trends, generics, et cetera, but that doesn't mean that we're not shooting for that goal this year, that we think we can't achieve it. Through the first few quarters, I think we've got about 130 basis point average. We're trying to build our business around this to overtime sustainably hit it. But I think the impression I meant to give is that it would just be easier in '12 and '13 than '11, but it doesn't mean that '11 is still not our goal.
Wade Miquelon: Could be, for sure, and there are still unknowns, things like AMP and other things. We just don't know yet. But again, this is what we're going to target to do. And again, we encourage you not to just judge it by any one quarter, but kind of look at the rolling effect of where we're taking our business over time.
Wade Miquelon: I think, over time, it's going to be easier to align the demand and supply equation. You have to remember that this year was coming on the back of the H1N1 kind of issue. And so I think everybody had to go out and commit. But recall, we work with our vendors and for the most part, we are able to manage our inventory level down within a pretty close range. So I think over time, it's going to be easier and easier to align those two.
Wade Miquelon: I would say that pricing is different by customer depending on what they give, what the terms and conditions are, so it varies. So answering that in one answer is difficult to do. But in general, we can provide a very good value proposition that's also good for our margin, good for the payer and good for the patient in a way which makes a 30-90 a win-win-win for everyone.
Wade Miquelon: I couldn't agree more. I think it is going to become an industry standard, and the reason is because it makes sense, right? It makes sense, it's what payers and patients are going to want, because it’s going to give a better outcome in every way that you can measure it. I guess the one thing is with respect to kind of the IMS market share data, remember, the way they still see it is that 90 days is equal to one, and the 30 days is equal to one. So you wouldn't be able to see that kind of trend in those numbers anyway. But again, I think, it will become an industry standard, because it's hard to argue with the logic of it.
Wade Miquelon: Well, I don't know if we can give the exact statistics. As you know, our private label tends to be about 20%. We continue to increase that over time, I guess the key thing I would say is we continue to strengthen the team. We've got a very strong private label team. Duane Reade had, not only a strong team, but they are also had great tiered offerings, differentiated offerings in some categories like foods, for example, where we were not strong as them. So I think, really, what I would say is the big story for us is to continue to enhance our capabilities, continue to fill out what I call our architecture in terms of the various tiers and what the brand nomenclature is going to be like across the store, and we just see that we have really tremendous upside here.
Wade Miquelon: Couple of things, number one, as you know, it's more profitable than base and number two, if executed well, it's really differentiated [ph] just for other retailers too.
Wade Miquelon: I guess, like Greg say, with respect to the third quarter, I mean, I think the point we're making is that if you look at the back half of the year, the gross profit is harder to cycle, and the SG&A is easier to cycle, and it comes back to that 100 basis point model. What I would say also in the third quarter, I do recall we have some static in there, I think half the quarter, we had Duane Reade in, then we also had, I believe, a tax adjustment from the healthcare reform, things like that. So I think you have to read all the way through it, but I think what we really want to, I guess, convey is again is factor that structural framework, that construct of gross profit dollars and SG&A dollars, and at the back half, SG&A becomes easier, gross profit dollars become a bit more difficult, and just think about that as you get into your models.
Kermit Crawford: And Eric, this is Kermit. One other thing is that the step down this year is still -- there's a step down this year compared to last year. And we do expect to see that grow in 2012 and even more in 2013.
Kermit Crawford: Mark, so first on the SG&A saving costs, around our TCRx or what we call our transformation community pharmacy, we are on pace to meet our 2011 goal from our Rewire. So I still feel very good about the second of the year and the pace we're on to meet the cost savings associated with the Pharmacy. When it comes to our flu program, our flu program, I mean, we still are going to remain aggressive in our flu program, as well as in our broader vaccine programs. But we clearly established Walgreens as the leader in the flu shot market. And with over 26,000 certified pharmacists in United, we've proven that we can train our entire workforce. Even with the lack of demand this year in our flu shots, given only 6.4 million flu shots, we increased our market share by 50 basis points. So we feel very good about flu shots and additional vaccinations, and we certainly expect to grow that flu shot more this year. I guess to answer your question on did we make money. We don't make money when we sell flu shots. So we feel very comfortable about the flu and our other vaccinations. But to give you another example is you may have heard about the whopping cough that was broken out in California and Indiana, and we administered over 19,000 DPT vaccinations. So we're beginning to expand beyond flu to other vaccinations like pneumonia, like Zostavax, like GARDASIL. So we continue to see our opportunity in this $10 billion to $20 billion flu immunization and vaccine market.
Kermit Crawford: Let me add to that. We did a survey and over 50% of the patients who were getting their 90-day supplies via mail, were unaware that there was a retail option to get their 90-day supply. And we've certainly had the outcome to show when you add a 90-day retail benefit to an existing 30-day, and mail benefit, you both increase adherence, which is addressing our overall company issue around adherence, because the lack of adherence is costing this company somewhere in the neighborhood of $300 billion in additional medical costs, as well as lowering the overall cost to the payer because in the long term, when you have a generic benefit in your plan and 90-day generics is driving higher utilization, it's going to lower the overall costs for the payer.
Kermit Crawford: And Lisa, the only thing I would add is that this is about lowering the overall total cost. And what we've seen with the 90-day retail plan is an increase generic utilization and an increase in the adherence. So both of those things lower the overall total costs for the payer. Those are about lowering our overall total costs.
Kermit Crawford: And I think Lisa, the only thing I'd add to that is when we give our survey, over 2/3 of the people who were getting 30-day product medications in our stores were very likely to switch to a 90-day quantity if they were aware of it. So the people, 95% of the people want choice. They want to have the ability to make choice of where they get their 90-day prescription. 85% of the people in this survey thought that the face-to-face interaction with their pharmacist was important. So much like we do when we put drive-thrus in, we have given the patients what they want, when they want it, and how they want it. So this is more about patient choice, and giving patients what they want in a multi-channel environment. So you can get 30 day, you can get 90 day, you can get it, we can ship it via our mail service, or you can pick it up at our retail pharmacies.
