Greg Wasson: Thanks Tim. Let me close by saying that overall the quarter met our expectations and closed on a challenging important and historic year for Walgreens. We recognize we have more to do and as fiscal 2015 is another milestone year for our company. We have two very important opportunities ahead of us. The first, drive performance and execution for Walgreen Co. and the second, established Walgreen Boots Alliance as the first global pharmacy led health and well-being company. A few weeks into fiscal 2015 I am confident in the combined leadership team we have put in place. We're already working well together to develop and implement plans to improve performance across the business. We have the discipline and focus we need to deliver the performance you expect. Finally, as we close the book on fiscal 2014, I want to thank our customers, the Walgreens and Alliance Boots teams and our shareholders for their commitment to our company and confidence in our future. We are equally committed to meeting your expectations as we bring two great companies together to create something even greater for all of us. Thank you and I will now turn the call back to Rick.
Greg Wasson: Yes. Bob thanks and I'll let Jeff weigh in here a little bit as well. I think as we – you laid them out quite well frankly, I think commercial reimbursement pressure, ongoing reimbursement pressure will be on the order of magnitude of what we've seen going forward. Part D, our one-year contracts as you know, certainly this past year that market became much more competitive with the preferred plans and other providers wanting to get into those plans primarily because of the share gains we're realizing. In 2016, we don't expect to see that significant of a step-down. We think there will continue to be pressures plans we're looking to control costs. And then certainly with generic inflation being a big driver of those contracts versus the deflation that we've seen over the past, we're going to have to really understand and understand where generic inflation is going. Jeff, I will let you weigh in a little bit.
Greg Wasson: I would – Bob, I'll lead off and then let Jeff get to specifics. I think it will probably end paying both. I think certainly we do think that it's going to persist based on our intelligence and all the industry intelligence that we're seeing out there. It's hard to predict. I think Jeff and his team have really ramped up their predictive modeling so we can understand what may happen going forward. But, I think that we may indeed see the benchmark, the tables begin to reflect what's really going on with cost inflation, we'll begin to see some of that as we speak and then a lot of the different things that Jeff and team are doing with regard to putting inflation protection into contracts. So I think we will begin to be able to get after.
Greg Wasson: Well, I think maybe – Eric, go in for Jeff there, we don't want to go into that too much. Obviously, we want to make sure we maintain a competitive advantage. But I think what Jeff has done and team within the WBAD have worked with the manufacturers to get us additional protection as we go forward it gives us time to react. But I think I'd like to withhold any more information than that.
Greg Wasson: Yes. George, may I will. Yes, I think certainly to start with the fact that, the good thing is first two years of the program we have exceeded those synergy targets. We still feel confident. We will exceed actually $1 billion in 2016. The leveling off so to speak from what we have seen in 2015 or the slight or lesser increase was plan. The first couple of years Jeff and team and John Donovan did a great job getting at the synergies from generic drug procurement that we talk about. That was the – I don't want to call that easy by any means throw something, certainly where we saw the earlier opportunities the first two years. The longer term synergy opportunities are – which are things like owned brand, expansion within the Walgreens front of store improvement across both Boots and Walgreens. We knew we are longer term. We knew they would come in 2015, 2016. Alec has done a terrific job in building confidence with pilots to help us understand how – to grow out some of those opportunities and when they will come. So it was planned, we have realized earlier synergy opportunities that's what we went after first and we feel confident the longer term synergies in 2016, maybe I will Alec give you some proof points as to why we do feel confident in that slope.
Greg Wasson: Tim? No. They are not down. I mean, we aren't going to see the step up to the level that we have identified in 2016 relative to 2014. But, we aren't anticipating a decline.
Greg Wasson: I really don't. I mean we have a range, we still have lots of moving parts narrowing that range is not something we are prepared to commit to at this point either on the downside nor the upside. I think it's a reasonable range, I think that we’ve reflected kind of a low end and a high end likelihood and I think at this point we wouldn't want to make any further comments on it.
Greg Wasson: Yes. Scott I think any big merger in combination to that kind of grants, there is going to be some degree of angst and that should be expected. I feel good about the culture and how it’s coming together. Since I actually put some comments in my script about the meeting we had couple of weeks ago in Bern with the new WAG – Walgreens Boots Alliance leadership team coming together. And that was a very, very energizing couple of days together in Bern. And I think Scott what probably is driving at is, one we – we have worked together for a good couple of years now. I think there has been a lot of cross [organizations] so to speak already happening. But, also think now that the Board has approved the options we have certainty now that we are going to bring this together, if indeed certainly our shareholders approve the additional shares and there is a time instead of years it's months. And I think that's always a good thing. So I think it started (inaudible), couldn't ask for a better partner (inaudible). And certainly the leadership team coming together like they are and we have seen in a last couple of weeks I think is very, very encouraging. Thanks Scott.
Greg Wasson: Lisa I think that one of the things could become greater and greater tailwind and I think it is what Jeff is eluding to, our focus on building strategic relationships with more and more payers is gaining momentum. We for example we are working extremely well with express scripts and as you know we launched our Smart 90 program with them, while back. We are working together on some unique things. I think other payers held systems will begin and will gain transaction with some of the things we are doing with some of the large health systems around the country. As far as ACA, it's still early, I think we will probably see, I mean 20 to 30 bps in lift for the nearest we can tell as you know there is a lot of moving parts there lot of folks move from one plant to another. But, is best we can see, we are seeing a probably earlier on about 20 to 30 bp lift in script business we think that will improve as we go forward. But, I think it will really come down to what Jeff refers to as market access as we look at more and more access with pharma or specific products such as specialty limited distribution drugs and other things we are doing as well as the right access with the payer markets in the U.S. I think we will begin to build those relationships.
Jeff Berkowitz: I think, Greg, just on that point as the generic inflation dynamic has unfolded over the course of the past 12 months. We have been developing contracting strategies to adjust it more proactively. We started to incorporate protections into our agreements that adjusted inflation dynamics that we're seeing and we have actually successfully incorporated some protective language in one of our first major renewables moving forward. I think, with that as a baseline, we are beginning to [construct our payer] (ph) arrangements and the generic inflation impact really impacts a variety of stakeholders, not just retail pharmacies. So as our reimbursement agreements continue to cycle through, our own stakeholders are going to have to continue to adjust to their potential new reality of fewer new generics being launched and inflation on a small subset of mature generics, which may mean the payers will come to expect lesser discounts from pharmacies and clients and payers may get less discount guaranteed as contracts come around for renewal and we continue to see inflation.
Jeff Berkowitz: Yes, Jeff – yes, Meredith, I guess I'll take the second one first because we've actually got quite a few things that we've been doing in the short-term that we can do in the longer term. I think we continue to believe that the coming together Walgreens and Alliance Boots as well as the strategic alliance with ABC is providing a long-term sustainable competitive advantage in the marketplace as Greg had mentioned. Even right now, despite this inflation on a very small subset of molecules and we have to keep in mind that the vast majority of molecules continue to experience deflation versus the small amount of hyperinflation on a very small amount of molecules. Just right now WBAD has been able to roll out a new and enhanced price protection policy with generic manufacturers that provides actually lengthier protection to Walgreen in an inflationary environment, providing more flexibility for us to develop alternatives and also more time to allow us dynamics to catch up. I think this dynamic over the past 12 months has also forced us to tighten the systems and processes and communication between the teams. So we've enhanced our analytics that now allow us to much more proactively forecast where we may see inflation, which is allowing us to take much more initiative and be pre-emptive rather than be active in the face of that inflation. In terms of ABC, certainly, when you think about the Walgreens Boots Alliance development organization WAG AB and ABC, we've really brought together four of the best in class generic procurement teams across four companies with an extremely large amount of volume, which is very important to the generic manufacturers. So the volume and the relationships that we have with ABC has really helped us continue to manage the dynamic moving forward.
Jeff Berkowitz: Yes, I would look at it as more a molecule-led than vendor-led. I mean, we continue to forge very deep relationships at the highest levels and on a global scale with the major generic manufacturers. But the inflation that we're seeing is really not associated with any one particular vendor. It's really based on the molecule opportunity where there is harmonization in the portfolios, or manufacturers have supply issues or pulling out of molecules where that price opportunity comes, somebody then takes an increase and the others feel some confidence to follow up, sometimes later than others. So I look at it as – from a molecule perspective and a supply perspective versus a vendor perspective where we have developed very deep relationships.
Jeff Berkowitz: Yes, I'd say our contracts span different contracting strategies depending on who we are working with and we sign multi-year agreements that come up over time. As a said earlier, we've already started incorporating that protection into our agreements, addressing the inflation dynamic and we already have a proved point that we successfully incorporated some protective language in one of our first major renewals since the dynamics taken place. So I think we will continue to work very closely with our managed care customers' over time to help them understand that dynamic and also help them understand the downstream impact to their own customer and client base as they need to work with them on the different financials that are taking place in the inflationary market.
Tim McLevish: I'll take that one, Mark. And obviously, we'll have some step-up in earnings. So that will be a positive component of that. I think the majority if not all of the step-up in inventories and I mean the step-up in accounts payable and receivables resulting from our arrangements will have already been reflected in 2014. So we shouldn't see an increase there. I think we need to continue to work at our working capital, so I would expect to be pushing that down rather than up. And obviously, we've identified that there will be a step-up in CapEx for the year.
Tim McLevish: Yes, I mean, I would say, it's probably not materially different from what we saw in this year. I think that's clearly a focus area as we'll go forward to improve our cash flows, but immediately I don't anticipate that's going to be material change for 2015.
Tim McLevish: Yes. I agree with that. I mean we talked about risk of repeating what you just said and what we said in the script, but we will experience these short-term headwinds before that will take a big chunk of the tailwinds that we have coming that will drive us to 2016. In the meantime, we're undertaking cost-cutting program, we're well into that. How much of it actually will materialize in this year particularly as we see the headwinds, we're stepping up a phase on that. So we will look at accelerating that to the degree we possibly can. We've already undertaken some hiring freezes and some other actions to reduce the cost for the year.
Tim McLevish: I'll respond to the second part of your question, George. I mean, I think you are referring to the box called Walgreens Pharmacy and identify as the major component pieces being Medicare part D. I don't anticipate there is going to be material changes. I mean, we will continue to endeavor to mitigate any of these we possibly can, but I think the Medicare part D rates are going to continue to decline, I don't see a lot of hope out for that. We are seeing some of the volume recovery from the Express Scripts a couple of years ago but that's pretty much on pace with what we had anticipated when we put together this back in August. The generic inflation and we talked a lot about that you have this good a sense for that as we do based upon Jeff's comments. And again, the commercial reimbursement rate we continue to try to embed that in the contract, but it's unlikely that we are going to go back and get a step up for already inflation but we would hope that we would mitigate and minimize as any impact from future inflation. So I think this is a pretty realistic depiction of what we should anticipate in the going forward basis. It doesn't mean that we are – everyday out there trying to find ways to offset through any of these mechanisms. And obviously, as we talked about driving cost improvement is another major area that we will continue to work at.
Tim McLevish: We haven't given you reference half year, we haven't said exactly when we anticipate closing and there is some other moving parts with respect to the lag et cetera. I mean, the analysis that Goldman did was predicated upon our internal plans. So I mean we stand behind those but the percentage of the year and there is a whole bunch of things as we consolidate and the results of that and the financing impact and all those sort of things. I don't think you can simply extrapolate or interpolate for the numbers you have seen.
Tim McLevish: So a simple half year convention probably wouldn't be sufficiently robust analysis to kind of capture it.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Ricky. I think that we see some opportunity in the near-term to really stop spending. As you said, money which is not really having an impact to their own customers so the first phase will all be about protecting the customer end and working back the way. We're pretty confident that we see opportunity hanging in to 2015, but we have more work to do to first of all ensure we can and then confirm we can. But we feel pretty good about that. Then going forward, as you said, the majority of the structural change will happen towards 2016 as we think about how do we actually set the business up for the future.
Alex Gourlay: Because I observe that there is a flattening going in 2015 of that synergy level. We stand behind the ultimate objective. We think we are on track to get that as Greg pointed out. We did see a little flattening of the curve in 2015. The large piece of that is and not to diminish all the good work that's been done by Jeff and the WBAD team. But, the first step was drugs and there is a defined specs or there is a defined limited number of drugs and there is a defined number of manufacturers and suppliers with that. And so going off that was – what we will say -- I will say easy or low hanging fruit not even easy but low hanging fruit. As we get into the next step, we are expanding the number of items. We are expanding the manufacturers, now we don't have defined specs as we get into front of store and as we get into goods not for resale. It's – there is just more front end work before we are ready to approach the manufacturers and then there will be in all likelihoods some transitions from one brand to another or from one manufacturer to another. It just takes more time before we can get it. So you will see a little bit of flattening still moving forward, but the little bit less more flattening in 2015 and then we will realize the benefits whether that good work in 2016 and forward.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, sure. I mean I think as I said already that front end margin expansion has been driven by deliberate strategy which is to really drive that health, beauty and wellness categories we were confident because we are trying to see some winning share in a market and secondly by working with Alliance Boots team to really build and drive (inaudible) particularly again in health, beauty and wellness. Both of these that would fill in -- there has been solid progress made in the market in front of customers. As you would see by both the market share performance and also by the margin expansion you see in Q3 and in Q4. So the signs there and as Greg said we also have a number of pilots running and partnership with the AB team that really ships there are really strong. And when we come together on stage II, I'm really confident it can -- team, we will run these global brands, will give us even more power to go to the front end. So it's a slower in terms of margin and it is more potentially (indiscernible) to make sure that we can actually change consumer behavior the point that Tim made that the signs are good and relationships are strong.
