Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. Welcome everyone. We are delighted to be announcing a start to the financial year that is better than we had initially expected. As you all are well aware, the retail market has seen many ups and downs over the five months. With the current increasing COVID infections in recent weeks, things have once again proved more challenging. In these difficult conditions, I am pleased to say we have adapted well through the continued dedication of our people and as a result of work and investment that we have undertaken in recent year.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Alex and James. As you have heard, it has been a very busy time for the company. We have achieved a great deal already in the year and the pace of work is not slowing. What we are doing is completely transforming our company to bring us greater focus and to concentrate our investment of time and resources where we can achieve most. We are doing this without losing any of the financial benefits we have delivered over the years, in terms of efficiencies or synergies. In a time when there has been much uncertainty and noise, we have pursued a consistent and delivery plan to modernize our company, our businesses and our customer offering. What you are seeing from us now as seen in recent months and will see much more of in the coming months is the output of a lot of our work within the company. But it was just the beginning in terms of our plans, in both the application of technology in our business and the delivery of health service through our network. I know there is an understandable interest in who I will be handing over the role of CEO to, when and what direction that person will take the company. Despite the added complexity that restrictions in travel and communication have created in the recent months, the Board have been very active in their search for the right candidate for this role. And I am hopeful we will have news to share with you about my successor soon. It has been a huge privilege to lead such great businesses and work with such a dedicated and talented team of people across many countries and companies. Of course, I very much look forward to working with the new CEO to ensure a smooth and effective handover and deliver long term growth and the profitable future for the company. I am pleased to be in a position to handover the reigns as the company is facing so many opportunities and there's such positive momentum. The progress we have reported today and the work we have done to modernize the company and build an infrastructure that is both flexible and robust reassures with me. I will be ending the role over at the time when my successor will have all the tools they need, as well as my full support and assistance to drive the business to deliver continued, reliable and consistent growth looking forward. Thank you. We will now take your questions.
Stefano Pessina: Well, Stefano here. Good morning and Happy New Year. I have to say that the strategic rationale, as you know, we have had a very long relationship with AmerisourceBergen. I have met three of the Chief Executive, probably people you don't remember, like McNamara or David Yost or now, of course, Steve Collis, and we have always discussed doing something together. In reality, the first tangible signal that we were able to achieve was during our merger, the merger of Alliance Boots with Walgreens, an agreement that was allowing Walgreens to take a stake in ABC and was granting ABC a long-term contract, 10-year contract for Walgreens. This has been really a physical and important relationship, which has gone through very well, and our relationship which were already very good have become better and better. And in these years, we have spoken many time of putting together our wholesaling business and – in the market. You have heard here and there something, and we have analyzed all the possible combination, us buying them, them buying us, merging. And now we have come to a point, where we have, due – even due to the acceleration of COVID, we have really decided that this was the right time to concentrate on our core business of the pharmacies and to sell our wholesaling business to them. And as the wholesaling business is a very good business, our wholesaling business, of course, it has commanded a good price. And so I believe that now both of us have done a good deal. We have the money to repay some debt at above all to invest in our core business, particularly in U.S., but also in UK, as they have the possibility to get a global business. This is - the second question is VillageMD, if we have other targets? Yes, we have other targets. Of course, we cannot talk too much about it. But one of the reason why we are happy now to have additional cash is because we have a target. And, of course, we will invest in our own business, as Alex was saying before and maybe we'll reiterate after, but also we have a target to buy. You had the third question, which one sorry? Germany. Germany, it's an obvious question. Germany, we have a joint venture with McKesson. And so what we have done this deal without talking to our people, of course. But the real reason is that Germany, the merger that we have done with McKesson in Germany will deliver a lot and lot of synergies. We are talking of many, many, tens of million of synergies, we believe. And so the business will have a different value in three or four years when we will have been able to deliver all these synergies. And so, of course, we have to keep develop the synergies and after we will see what to do.
Stefano Pessina: Don't forget also that the VillageMD has also clinics outside our pharmacies, the clinics are there or the clinic they buy because they are quite an aggressive buyer. And of course, this is another synergy for us because they are trying to organize -- coordinate these clinics that they have with our pharmacies. Even if they are not physical in our pharmacies, there is a coordination. And part of the money that they have will be used for sure to buy additional clinics. Over time, we will try to really relocate as many as possible of these clinics into our pharmacy. But even if they are not in our pharmacies, they are coordinated with our pharmacies.
Stefano Pessina: And we are adding a lot of capabilities to deliver online. Also investing to create, not a new warehouse, but to increase dramatically the size of the warehouse that we have dedicated to this. And so overall, we will be able to follow the trend of the online. And we see that the reduction that we have had, overall in sales in this lockdown compared to the lockdown that we had a few months ago, now we are much better. Of course, we are suffering but much less because the ability that we have to deliver online is definitely higher. And we have also found a way, as James was saying, to have a decent margin on these sales.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stefano, and good morning. Our first quarter performance was better than expected as we delivered improved operational performance across a number of fronts. In particular, we exceeded expectations in Boots UK and Boots Opticians. Adjusted EPS was $1.22, a 11.6% lower than prior year on a constant currency basis. The year-on-year decline was entirely due to an adverse COVID-19 impact of $0.26 to $0.30. Overall, our markets encountered a widespread surge in COVID-19 incidences. And as a result, we saw increased restrictions or lockdowns across those markets. We estimate a COVID-19 AOI impact of approximately $290 million to $325 million, and this was worse than the guidance range of $250 million to $300 million we provided earlier. Nevertheless, the impact was much lower than the third and fourth quarters of last year.
James Kehoe: Yes, I’ll take a shot. It’s James here first. I just want to put some perspective on around the deployment of funds. I think, yes, they will principally be focused on healthcare. And VillageMD is just the first example and we expect a number of moves over the coming weeks and months. And we won't be measuring this in years, we'll be measuring it in months. VillageMD, if you take it as a specific is, it's got two dimensions to it. It's not just the contribution to the business, where it is -- helps us to become relevant in as a location in reducing healthcare costs over time. That's got one financial return and it's got an overall benefit of improving the ability of Walgreens to influence healthcare longer-term. The other one is don't forget it's a financial investment as well, and we are actually strongly encouraged by what we're seeing in the stores. We're hitting NPS scores of 90%. And as we stared at the performance, we decided this was the time to accelerate the investment. We believe VillageMD, as just even as a financial investment of 30%, is extremely attractive and it's getting more attractive by the day. So we're inclined to view this two ways: one is the financial investment and two is integral to the core premise, which is improving the cost of healthcare.
James Kehoe: First of all, we were actually pleasantly surprised in the first quarter in the US. Margins were pretty robust on the pharmacy business, and I would say, slightly better than we would have anticipated. And as usual, some of that is always timing but we had a pretty good start to the year, it's promising. And correctly so, you highlight that there will be a first half, second half to mention here. So you could look at the first quarter and second quarter as being the low points of the year in terms of margin and the second half, the margin is rising. But the strength in Q1 and you've obviously seen, is broad based. And I do want to -- I'll take this opportunity to highlight that. We had overperformance in all of the divisions, at a moment when actually the COVID impacts across the business are higher than we anticipated. And at the same time, we slightly increased the pace of the investments we're making, particularly in the US business. So we're actually -- I would say in the US, retail was slightly weaker but the retail margins were better than we expected. And then on pharmacy, the scripts were weaker because of COVID but the margins were better. So I would say, in general, we were pleasantly surprised by the upside, particularly in the US in Q1.
James Kehoe: I think if you look at the full year and just simplistically say you've got two big positives. One is vaccinations and the second one is we had a really strong start to the year, and it was largely driven by operational execution, really strong in the UK, Ireland opticians and a positive start, especially to the pharmacy business in the US. And actually wholesale came in above plan as well. So we actually have everybody on all the cylinders. The big negative and the big question mark and it's the reason why we basically maintain guidance is we actually have a lockdown in the UK right now that runs through the middle of February. Now we think we're much better at managing through a lockdown now, which is good but still, it is a cloud in the future. And then secondly, you see the large number of incidences in the US, that does pretty quickly drive through to lower medical visits. So in December month, the medical visits were worse than they were, on average, in the first quarter. So we're just being cautious in saying, hey, the opportunity on vaccination will offset the negative on COVID. The really strong start to the year and we are actually already reinvesting some of that. So we're taking -- when you think about the whole deal that was announced yesterday, it's a catalyst for accelerating change if you think about it. So we've accelerated some of the omnichannel investments in the US You've seen My Walgreens go out there. You've seen us get the curbside up in 9,000 stores. We're driving at a pace that is quite fast. I think over the next six months, you'll see increasing investments in healthcare, with probably a skew to tack-on acquisitions focused on generating synergy with the pharmacy business and with a very technological bend to it. So there's going to be a lot of news on the way. So I think you have to balance vaccinations versus COVID adverse impacts and then simplistically, a very strong start to the year, which gives us additional confidence to increase investments in the coming months. And it's as simple as that. It's not any more complicated than that, and that's the way we're thinking about it. Well, we did add into the overall guidance that's skewed to opportunity and I don't want that to be lost to the community on the phone.
James Kehoe: The overall impact of the NHS funding, I think, was -- like it's in the region of $15 million. It's not a huge number but it did give favorable margin contribution in the quarter. And that's a little bit -- there's always a timing issue on when this stuff gets recognized in the P&L. So it added about $15 million of positivity. I think the biggest trend in the UK, I think if you look at the overall segment, I'll give you two numbers. The gross profit was down 11% because footfall is still very weak in a lot of markets but our e-commerce business, in general, across in international, is on fire. So the UK was up 106% and we make nice margins on our e-commerce business in the UK and in Ireland. So we're getting this -- and the second positive dimension is overheads in the first quarter were down 12%. So you think about it this way, a high fixed cost structure when COVID hit us at the end of last year, has a significant impact on the segment's profitability. But as we start to recover from COVID, the significant and quite decisive cost reductions taken will dramatically improve the leverage going forward. So there will be a fairly -- I think Q2 is a wait and see kind of moment in the UK. There will be quite a lot of lockdowns. And then when you get to the second half, there will be significant growth in the second half. But I think we mentioned this before, we see the recovery in the UK over an 18 to 24 month period. And you could almost draw a straight line between the pre-COVID profitability and two years from now, and estimate what the segment will look like at the end of this year…
James Kehoe: And bear in mind that the 2.7% is after what we estimate a negative COVID impact of 210 basis points. So I'd almost asked the question in a different way, if you didn't have COVID, what would your script growth have been? And it would have been in the 4.5% to 5% range. And the vaccinations were stronger in Q1 but it didn't have a material impact on the result.
Alex Gourlay: And Ricky, it’s Alex here. On the anchor point, we're still a very open ecosystem, working closely with all of our commercial partners, payers and, of course, PBMs, and that's still our strategy at this point in time.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. Hi, Robert. And just one building up point is the cadence. We announced 40, the rest of this year. So we're increasing the cadence as we get going here. And so therefore, it's the length of time we're doing this over has stayed the same. So we'll clear up that point, it's going to be 600 in the same length of time as the 500. And beyond that, also remember, we're integrating digitally as well, particularly around the pharmacy business and the way that all the pharmacies works with the doctors. And extending the scope of practice of pharmacy is now a real possibility in many states, and we believe this model will be advantaged in that situation as well. And the last thing I would say is that remember that VillageMD also managed many risk-based contracts, almost 20%, I think, will be a bigger business. And therefore, you can imagine working with them closely on risk-based contracts as another opportunity in the future.
Alex Gourlay: I think, as James had said, we've really invested upfront here appropriately, in my view, to make sure that we are ready to get these vaccinations out as fast as we possibly can. And you saw our press release yesterday morning, we said that we've got all our long term care facilities now actually ready to be administered with the first stores by January 25th, I think it is. So we feel that we are -- we don't feel we know we're on track with what we committed to do. And we're also on track with resourcing up the pharmacists and the farm technicians and retraining a number of farm submissions to be able to administer those. And our teams are really motivated to get this done. So we're really in really solid shape to administer the vaccines in a more complicated long term care facilities. Let me go back to being able to administer these vaccines inside of our facilities, which happens in Ib, and that really starts about now. We are very confident that we'll be able to speed and be able to keep up with demand and therefore move forward. The whole program, I believe, will accelerate as we go through the spring. That's all that we're hearing from the new administration, in particular. And we're in close contact with both Operation Warp Speed and incoming by the administration to make sure that we are ready to do our job for America and also to make sure that we do it in the most efficient way for our shareholders as well.
Alex Gourlay: So I can -- from memory, particularly, I can take the second one. It's about two thirds front end, one third pharmacy in the Boots business. And in terms of the first question, obviously, it's been a really strong flu season, around over 40% increase in flu. But it really is still the core business that drives the scripts. So the numbers that James gave in his prepared comments, our underlying comp growth of 2.7%, is primarily driven by the core business.
