Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I would say that regardless of this transaction, we're going to continue to drive our strategies, and we've got the flexibility and resources and capital to do that. I think as we said earlier on the call, we actually believe though that this partnership, this marriage, is going to help us not only drive those, but accelerate those. It will allow us to really continue on this journey to become the most relevant retailer in our space, to really own the space of health in daily living and so that doesn't change at all. We continue to believe we've got the nation's largest, most trusted pharmacy. We're on the best corners and we're going to fully drive that experience and increasingly find ways to monetize it and to build deeper relations for customers.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, fully contemplated and fully included. I think the step down you've seeing, which is not, by any means, a deterioration, the step down you've seen in part driven because I think we're being much smarter in terms of how we manage our marketing and roto. So we're doing more items that are relevant, with less items that aren't at very hot, discounted prices, so that has changed traffic a bit, but I can tell you the profitability is better as a result. And when we look at our customer satisfaction metrics, when we look at our ability for stores to better deliver the items on promotion that people actually want without out of stocks, et cetera, by all metrics, we're improving the customer experience. So we're driving profitable volume, and I think that's the right move. And we're also moving to a much more blended marketing mix so that we're not going to be completely dependent upon our roto in the future. We're going to touch consumers in multiple ways that are relevant to them and that are financially best for us.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, well I think what you have to do is to understand the model is make sure that you get into the generic versus branded mix. So the sales, as you know, both domestically and overseas are a misnomer for value creation. So for example, as you know, our generics are much more profitable in the U.S.; that will create some sales compression, but we fully anticipate to drive robust volumes. Overseas in places like Europe where generics are underpenetrated, they obviously are at a lower cost too, but they're more profitable from a pennies per unit basis in wholesaling, et cetera. And so I think that it's very difficult for you probably to imply, or just to back into what the unit volume growth is we're anticipating.
Wade D. Miquelon: Oh you know, I can only tell you what we know and what we’ve said. I mean, basically, we've said that we've had a contract in place for many, many years. We’re willing to honor it; we want to keep serving those customers. I think Express Scripts has said the same thing. So as of now, we continue to serve those customers, right? And I think we know overwhelmingly from those customers that they really want to have us in the network and intend to fully do that. And so, I think there is very little risk in that regard but I mean, if there was something fully unanticipated that would happen, I would say that as a company, we would be fully prepared to do what was ever necessary and in the best interest of our company and our shareholders.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, of course. It would very naïve to assume that this is in some response to our dispute. I mean, the reality is, is we've been working together for almost 1.5 years and working on this for over a year. A company our size is not going to do a transformational transaction of this magnitude unless you're thinking about the strategic fit, the overall financials in the very long haul. I mean, I just think I find it almost silly that people would think that this is reactive. And I can tell you when you look at these 2 companies and our economic interests becoming entwined, all parties are really saying how big could the end gain be, and is this the best and biggest alternative to the long haul? And we believe there's nothing even remotely close to this for us.
Wade D. Miquelon: That's a number that's never been stated, but I think as we’ve said, they're the clear leader in Europe and by unit volume, the biggest in the world. And I think, as George said earlier on the call, #1 or #2 in all of their key markets. So I’d just leave it at that. Obviously, there's probably ways for you to back into it and get close, but that's really that's all available at this time.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, a couple things. Number one is, yes, Europe has some issues, but so does a lot of the world. But I would say as you look at their business, their business is performing very well, has been and still is. So this is not a fire sale; this is a quality asset that's doing very well, even in a tough environment. And actually, in fairness to them, this challenging environment provides a lot of opportunities. In the wholesale market, for example, there's a lot of small players who can get credit in easy times, but if they're not good operators, it's not so easy now, and that provides wonderful growth opportunities. Separately, generics in Europe range from 25% in the south to 50% in the north, versus 75% in the U.S. And as the governments come under pressure, they're increasingly pushing more generics for big savings for the government, which is good for them and good for people, but it's also good for their business because they make more penny profit per generic than they do on branded. But what I would say is that we've fully modeled the value of this company from both an intrinsic value, from a comparative multiple value and also with respect to the gives and gets of both parties. And I think you'll be hard pressed to find a deal of this size where both parties believe they have the kind of value creation for their respective owners as this.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I don't know the specifics on it, but I think he was probably -- if you use the word generics, he was most likely referring to generic drugs because they refer to their private brand own brand, right? So the magnitude is obviously -- I gave perspective that today we joined the generics by over $1 billion combined, which by volume is huge volume because of the relative cost versus branded and that number is growing rapidly and will continue to grow rapidly. Again, I think if you look around the world, there's only one retailer in the world who's ever really been able to play the own brand beauty game well, and has a portfolio that has innovation and new products and that's Boots. I mean, just the fact that they have a relationship with P&G, distributed in 5 countries, ought to tell you everything you ought to know about their capabilities, right? And so there's huge opportunity, and there will be.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, of course. I mean, it's different country by country, but we procure a fair amount offshore in various countries. They procure a lot. So generics are very different from brandeds, where you have -- maybe have a country price and then you have issues of cross-country and quota pricing, generics are much more, like other items where multiple suppliers can do it, and regulations in most countries allow you as long as you meet certain specs or regulations or FDA, whatever to take from anywhere to anywhere. So you can think of that as more of a, I don't want to use the word, but more of how you would think about a typical commodity.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean, I think we had good growth profit margins as we listed. I think that the only thing on specialty and I think, and actually E-Commerce is not that those margins are eroding; it's that those gross profit margin percentages are lower than others, and those businesses are actually growing very fast. So those are just only mix issues. I'd say, if you look through our business, we feel very good about the kind of gross margin, the gross profit dollars that we're seeing on the pharmacy side. We feel very good about the profitability we're building in the front end and even though we might have sacrificed some traffic, as we get our items, which are more relevant, more meaningful to our equity to consumers, that give fair value for us, that's a trade-off that we’ll continue to balance, but we don't feel is directionally wrong.
Wade D. Miquelon: I don't know that we've given too much detail on margins but as you know, these drugs can be $1,500 or $2,000, so a big difference in gross margin might be better dollar profit, but again, much lower on a percent basis. But overall, we feel very good about this business. We continue to invest in it, and I think the things that we're doing to create a real multichannel opportunity for people bundled with meaningful offers at a very good value over time are going to keep changing the landscape here as well.
Wade D. Miquelon: We had a lot of various supply chain initiatives. I think we’re just very focused on it. And what we're making sure is as we reduce inventory that our out of stocks don't go up and that our customer satisfaction goes up. And I think that for the past couple years, we've been able to manage these because it's not about just having inventory, it's about having the right inventory at the right time that people want. And again, we're putting lots of efforts on our supply chain on being more efficient, more effective, but it's all done on what I’ll call a consumer or a demand-driven perspective to make sure that the experience is better as a result. And then we'll continue on that journey for a long time.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think that is one of the opportunities. I can tell you I’ve got a list of many, many opportunities that could be hugely valuable and accretive as well. I mean, we're going to work together and qualify these and pilot the right ones and expand. But that is one opportunity, but there's many, many, many others as well.
Wade D. Miquelon: We're full speed ahead. We've said that we're going to launch a loyalty sometime around September. We believe it's going to be one of the biggest programs, ultimately, in the world of its kind. I think even though we're a bit late in the game, I always make the analogy to some developing markets with landlines and mobile. Late in the game, you can sometimes learn from others and jump to a better end point. I think you're going to see that it links very well with our equity of well and how we're trying to drive that for people's benefits versus just discounting. And one of the things I like about the Boots loyalty program is not only is it large and as you heard has 2/3 of the women in the U.K. signed up, it's a financially smart program, but it's also very emotive. It's just not discounts and points; it's really emotive and gets into gifting and many other things that really create a deep and real connection with consumers and that's where we can really learn as we draw the lines back to where we're going to own this territory of wealth.
Wade D. Miquelon: I'll just say this. One is that I think you know where our retention started, and I can tell you, we look at every single day, ever single script versus comp, whatever, and we're building momentum every single day, right? Every day, we're getting back incremental scripts versus what would be a normalized comp and that's going to continue to grow, but we have some periods where maybe it steps up and others where it just slightly drifts up, but we feel very good about that. I would say that everything you said before about the selling season that we believe is still what we believe. The key thing is, is that we're working with lots of our customers, right? Lots of our customers across-the-board, in fact, almost all of them and they're telling us that they really value us in their network; their customers value us in the network. And in many cases, we're working very deep partnerships. But as things ever was I think that we feel our value proposition is very sound. We deliver a very cost effective and very high quality solution with region penetration, other services and hours that really no one else can deliver. And people want that, and people value that. And so we stay the course.
