Jonathan Spitzer: Hello, everyone, and welcome to our Virtual Investor Conference. I'm J. Spitzer, Vice President of Investor Relations at Walgreens Boots Alliance. Before we start, I'd like to quickly run through customary regulatory and safe harbor statements before I hand them over to Ros. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive, and regulatory expectations and are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially.  We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise, please see our latest Forms, 10-K and 10-Q. For a discussion of risk factors as it relates to forward-looking statements. During the course of today's events, in our remarks and in the related presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures.  We refer you to the appendices in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations that were applicable to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor. walgreensbootsalliance.com After the event, the presentation webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. In addition to our earnings announcement this morning, we will be issuing a Form 8-K that contains forward-looking guidance and other relevant information provided during today's event.  Please be aware that we may during this presentation and answers to questions make references to the information contained in the Form 8-K. The Form 8-K, along with the earnings announcement and the presentation materials from this event are available on our website. With that, I'll now hand it over to Ros. Ros.
Jonathan Spitzer: Perfect. All right. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny of Bank of America, Mike.
Jonathan Spitzer: Our next question is going to be coming from the line of Elizabeth Anderson of Evercore ISI. Elizabeth, over to you.
Jonathan Spitzer: Perfect. Thank you, Justin. Our next question is coming from Ann Hynes of Mizuho and I'll kick it over to you now.
Jonathan Spitzer: Thank you, Charles. Our next question is coming from Jack Sullivan of Jefferies. Jack, I'm going to turn it over to you.
Jonathan Spitzer: Thank you, Eric. All right. Our final question's going to come from Kevin Caliendo of UBS. Kevin, over to you.
Jonathan Spitzer: All right. That's a perfect endnote. Well, with that, thank you for the time today. And before we close over, I'm going to hand it back to Roz for some closing comments. So, Roz, over to you.
James Kehoe: Thank you, John. I am delighted to report that our transformational cost management program has delivered very strong results. We have already achieved cumulative cost savings of over $2 billion, and this is one year ahead of our original goal. As a result, we are expanding the TCM program and raising the savings goal to $3.3 billion by 2024. Let me give you a little bit of history.  We originally announced the program in December 2018 with a savings goal of $1 billion, and the savings were intended to offset inflation and volume impacts and to fuel long-term growth investments. We have consistently delivered strong results, raising the goal for targeted savings a number of times, with the most recent target being in excess of $2 billion of cost savings by Fiscal 22. As you can see, we have already delivered savings of $2.1 billion with around $800 million of savings in the most recent fiscal year.  Over the period, SG&A efficiency has improved by approximately 190 basis points to 17.7% of sales. We are now expanding the program and targeting commuted savings of over $3.3 billion by fiscal year 24. We have a number of in-flight initiatives that are showing strong momentum. And we have built out a comprehensive funnel of new and innovative initiatives. We have also updated our projected implementation costs to a range of 3.6 to $3.9 billion. Here you can see the broad scope of initiatives that we are driving across the business. I won't  this slide, but I will highlight one example just to give you a sense of the evolution. We have made good progress in establishing global business services in more traditional areas, such as IT, finance, and HR. And in all cases, we're delivering both cost savings and capability advancements.  We're now expanding the business services concept across a wider scope of our business. We are reinventing how we operate. And this will make us more effective and efficient, as we build out more advanced capabilities and technology. In summary, we are raising our cost-savings goal to $3.3 billion by 2024. And we have identified a comprehensive set of initiatives, to deliver or exceed this goal. And with that, let me pass you back to Roz.
James Kehoe: Hi, Lisa. So first of all, I would say we have changed the M&A strategy quite a bit because you will well know, many of our positions were minority positions. For the first statement, I would say because what we'd make is -- we're making majority -- taking majority stakes.  The reason being -- and you ask, "Why not a full acquisition? " I'd point out first, Shields and Care Centrix, both have a part to 100%, and in fact in both cases, there is an obligation for us to go to 100%. So, the majorities are just -- we have a rationale here. We believe we want fast-paced, agile, and motivated teams focused on the business you're good at.  And we believe if we try as a company to manage each of these companies directly, we won't do them justice, so we want skin in the game. So, we want management teams that are fully ascent – The last one, the one on Village MD is a little bit more particular, given the tremendous opportunity we see there. We see going to 800 clinics in the next 4 or 5 years and well beyond that in the long term.  They will need considerable access to capital and in this transaction, we're putting in capital for the first five-plus years. But we believe a publicly listed entity will have more access to capital and a more motivated and very focused team. And it will be the primary vehicle we will have for taking -- for primary care physicians and value-based care.  So, it's a primary vehicle. We haven't really taken any position on whether we ever move to full ownership, but we did make a statement in the presentation, we do see them on a path to an IPO during the course of 2022, probably sometime later in the year. You asked about locations, we think we will build out the -- by far the best primary care physician network in the U.S... We now have a commitment for 1,000 and these are fully-fledged, these are not Health Corners. These are fully-fledged value-based care. They are not Minute Clinics, they're not nurse-enabled clinics, they are primary care physicians, and they will be across the entire portfolio of healthcare. And then finally, you asked about ABC. We don't comment on the portfolio. What we will comment on is there is tremendous value in the -- we call them now equity interest.  We estimate about 20 billion. And some of these investments are more and less liquid. What our commitment is, we're looking at the fits of the strategy, we're looking at the synergy with the base business, and we're looking at long-term financial returns. And we've made the first 3 statements, if you like, well, 2.  Shields, we've taken up to 71%. We love the asset. It has a fabulous growth trajectory. And then VillageMD, same thing. We think it is an innovative model, a unique management team, highly qualified, and they really going to drive a large business going forward.
James Kehoe: Yeah. I'll take the first part and then maybe I'll pass it on to John for some comments on the store-based. Yeah, we will set up a new segment starting the first quarter, so that will be the first time we will issue it. We won't really have to restate the past because it didn't exist in the past. And the 3 recent acquisitions will be in the segment, plus the organic healthcare development. So that's why we gave guidance for both separately.  And then, TCM. We are really happy with the program, I'll just cover that for a second. We save $800 million just in the past fiscal year and we're looking for probably 500-600 million in the one we're going into now. And I know there were some doubts out in the investor market as to what is the funnel longer-term on cost reduction.  We don't see it going down, and we see continued opportunities to optimize costs in the business over time. And then one element of the guidance has been completely factored into the guidance we provided this morning. We actually went out because -- this is interesting -- I actually, I just want to make a point, I came from a Pharmaceutical Company. Pharma companies do 10-year and 15-year models.  So actually, we've started modeling out our Healthcare business on a 10-year horizon. So, there is a big shift even within the company in how we think about financial forecasting because in many cases a 3-year plan horizon doesn't even begin to show the returns in healthcare investment. So, with that, I'll pass it over to John.
James Kehoe: As we look at this, we exited the year really strongly. We achieved a total share of vaccines of 21%, which is extremely strong. And we see September has closed very strongly on vaccines and it continued into October.  So, while the 25 million doses look point meaty as a goal, we've had a very, very strong start to the year. And as John said, we actually year-on-year, the actual overheads due to COVID will be actually going down, sorry, COVID vaccine administration will actually be decreasing.
James Kehoe: prospects using the scripts, but international we were -- we're expecting a really, really strong upcoming couple of years, particularly driven by the next year, we expect international to grow by about 50%. The UK business has been -- it's been a big success over the last year when it already doubled profit once. So, it was coming off a fairly low base. But what the team has done a fabulous job on is resizing the core structure.  The second big one is shifting the company online. So, we have a current online penetration of about 22% of the total business is online. And it's growing extremely quickly. So, the business has been redesigned for the future. And once the sales come back next year and the sales growth is around, somewhere in the 8% to 10% kind of range in the UK, once it comes back, it's coming back on a very efficient model, very limited incremental overheads. So, we're -- we have a very fit company.  It's exiting prior-year very, very strongly. So, we did a very good fourth quarter. We had the biggest marketing campaign in many, many years in the UK. Strong -- so we have strong momentum, a resized cost structure, a really strong online presence, and foot traffic have finally come back in the U.S., but it's not come -- sorry, in the U.K, but it hasn't come back as quickly as we'd like.  So, we will see improving trends over the next 12 to 18 months. And the way we think about it in the UK will be fully recovered from COVID only in 2023. So, if you want to think about the horizon, it gets back to pre - COVID levels by that time. So, it's been a tough journey for them, much easier and not easier in the U.S., but U.S., for us, we had a very, very buoyant Q4. I think you're seeing the front of store comps up 6%, that's really, really strong.
James Kehoe: And just to re-emphasize that, we actually have a CFO already for the segment. We have selected parts of the management already in place, so we're not starting from zero, but we still have some development to do on the organization. But you can be guaranteed, there are -- there will be mechanisms to generate mutually beneficial synergies between all the entities in a very structured way.
James Kehoe: It's just not going to work. So, we have this physical and digital. And previously, we thought about it was just these Health Corners of -- and we're going to open 3,000 Health Corners. Nobody in the U.S. is doing it at this scale. I want to be really clear on this. It's a long-term goal and it's probably an 8 to 10-year goal, but it's 3,000, that is 1200 in the next 5 years.  These are huge numbers. The second part we said though is, these are called more pharmacists or nurse-practitioner-enabled. The second evolution of the strategy since Roz came in has been, let's get deeper into the carrier delivery. Which means, we don't just have assets with Care Corners, we're taking primary care physician, value-based operators, and we select ed a Company that we believe has got the best and most innovative model.  They accept all types of insurance, they get the scale far quicker than most of the other participants in this market. We estimate they are -- clinics will break even in the third -- beginning of the 3rd year and are fully at scale in 7 years. Very few other companies are doing that. And then finally we said one of the other.  And obviously, these M&A opportunities come along when you're least expecting them sometimes. And the other one CareCentrix. You've got to stare it down. So, this is a play on home care, and it's a play on post-acute.
James Kehoe: So, we want to line up the series, and I want to just pay attention to my next comment. A series of partners and some of them are just partnerships and some of them will be owned -- we don't believe we have to own all the assets. So, we're going to have -- it will vary from the Health Corners, which we will own 100% to something else which we could own like VillageMD at 63% for something else with which we may have no stake.  And many of the providers, we will have on a local basis. When we're managing risk, we will not have a stake in. And I do want you to think about it for a minute. We are an agnostic provider, we're independent, we don't have an insurance Company directing what we're going to do locally. Our only interest is consumer health, and that's why we believe our approach is unique and differentiated in the market.  And it's not a case about ownership here, it's the ability to work with other people to improve the health of consumers, and the mother ship is the ability to engage with consumers and get them engaged in your health and our premise is different from an insurance Company. Our premise is unless the consumer is engaged, health outcomes are not going to improve. And the reason why we're differentiated is we're very good at the consumer piece.
James Kehoe: Yeah. Okay. I'll take the easy ones first. CareCentrix is broadly neutral in the first year. It's like half a cent, and it will be accretive from the second year. And then on Shields, Shields is immediately accretive. It's a fabulous asset. We've got visibility to, I don't know, in the first year 95% of their revenue. By the third year, we have a visibility rate of 85% of the revenue. So, it's highly certain. And probably the accretion in three years is I don't know.  It's in the teen's area in terms of accretion. And then if you go to VillageMD, you make a very good observation and you're right, it depends on the pace and it depends on the magnitude of the investment. And frankly, we have two scenarios of investment, and that's why we gave a range of -- what was that we gave? I think it was $0.08 to $0.15 or something from VillageMD.  We were -- we're still thinking through what's the pace of investment in the short-term and that will have an impact on the long term. We would expect this to start becoming, I would say EBITDA positive probably in the year of '24 -- '23 - '24, depending on the investment profile we adopt. I think this is something we'll have to give guidance on probably going forward as we build out the segment. Immediately -- you're right.  The business we're buying loses money on an EBITDA basis because they're opening clinics at an aggressive pace. And we've given you the endpoint. So, the endpoint is 1000 clinics in Walgreens in 2027. You can divide that by -- we've opened up what? We would have opened up 80 by the end of this year. So, a 1,000 less 80, will show you how many they have to open each year.  The economics, we've been through all the unit economic models. You're looking at adjusted operating income margins once they are at scale, which is seven years after opening, probably in the high single-digit range. But that includes all the depreciation. And these are -- there's a fair investment upfront. We've been through the model, we're really happy with it, they'll break even after two years then they start scaling up, they migrate more and more patients to risk and away from commercial overtime.  So, we're comfortable with the model. It's -- it all comes down to how many clinics we're going to open each year. And what are we go for? An accelerated plan or the base plan? So, I think the base plan would foresee probably losses for the next three years in an accelerated plan. Actually, we may actually be able to reduce some of those losses in the '23 and '24 period, but I'm being deliberately imprecise because we have a number of options here.
James Kehoe: So just to clarify the numbers. The current revenue of these brands that we own, which is principally Number 7, but also Soap & Glory is about 750 million, and over the next 3 years is expected to go to 1 billion. At a fast clip, the U.S. has -- the U.S. has the growth engine right now. We were in Walgreens, Target, and Ulta, and doing quite well there. And the move into Walmart was a very big move, and they've executed very strongly behind it.  But still a lot of potential in that relationship. And the final thing we've done in the U.S. is DTC, so direct-to-consumer, number seven site. I would say going forward, it will be a shift as well into China, which is we have a number of calling it retail and wholesale investments in China.  But we're also present on a number of the large internet sites in China like TMA. Still small businesses, we're putting our foot in the water to test the receptivity to our brands. And we already have Soap & Glory there and expect to go in with No7 in the next couple of years, that could be a massive opportunity.  And then finally, some markets around the edges like Australia, but they won't be material. This is a U.S. growth business, and it is also China as the big -- China and Asia are the big opportunities. So, I think it's a fabulous business, a billion dollars of owned brands, so it should be attracting a valuation like a consumer products Company.
James Kehoe: It's a different number. The Global Brands business is basically number 7. It's all Beauty Brands number 7, Soap & Glory and other small --
James Kehoe: Yeah, Ros, as you model out the segment, my advice would be to take each of the acquisitions separately, and model out based on the accretion I mentioned before. So, shields have immediately accretive CareCentrix in the second year.  VillageMD, we will probably have losses for -- losses for 2 to 3 years. That's on -- even on an AOI basis. And then it dramatically scales up beyond there. On the original -- the organic development, which is the 3.5 million minimum revenue we're targeting. We already gave you the numbers for '22. We said we'd lose 223,300,170.24. It actually starts hitting break-even in '25.  So, the 170 gets to break even, and then you're on a curve of pretty exponential profit. Because all of these businesses hit a point of the scale. It really depends on how many partners you've signed up with, how many lives are on the platform, how many are using the platform to actively manage their health? And once you hit a tipping point, you start getting very quickly into the 20%, 25% margin range.  And I would emphasize that if we do this well, 25% is the minimum. This is primarily at a tech-type model, which depends on getting sufficient lives on the system. And then once you have the lives, the profit margins are extremely attractive.
James Kehoe: Yeah. Bear in mind this is the way you could think about this as well, the new segment we're setting up will generate significant and material revenue and profits well into the future. And don't let it be lost on you that the growth rate we see even beyond 2024, 25, as we call those high teens. So, this is not an entity that would be growing 5% and the terminal value of something that's growing at 18% is quite interesting.  So, we see -- we continue to go back to this point that these equity investments, some of them were very attractive. Now, we're unlocking these as part of the total WBA Health. And I think our aim is that the future income coming from WBA Health is far exceeds any reimbursement pressure that's coming on the core business. And I stress, far exceeds.
James Kehoe: I think of the last one, which is free to 10 billion, we're not assuming any M&A. This is a development of the organic vehicle plus the three acquisitions we've mentioned. We don't have any go-gets or anything else.  So, this is 10 billion that we have. I would say very good visibility as well. We know the number of clinics that will be opened. We have detailed plans from Shields and CareCentrix that we've vetted 10 times over, so we have a good line of sight to all of this.
James Kehoe: And then the last point there is, I would say right now, we're not necessarily finished on M&A, they're the pieces of our puzzle that we'd like to build out a little bit more. The answer is yes, they're probably in the tech area, and it's probably around how could we speed up the organic even more and take a year out of the journey.  That's -- if you ask us, what are we thinking about, it’s more about less maybe care delivery right now because we've just bought majorities in two assets, and it's more about how do we accelerate tech journey. And we're thinking heavily of our potential targets in this area. I'm trying to remember now what your first question was.
James Kehoe: No. We actually -- we're not that smart honestly. What we do is, we take your numbers. Actually, we take the average consensus that exists for ABC, and that's where we build in our plant. So, we actually rely on you.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, James. And now I'm going to add a little bit more detail on our final core strategic priority to build a high-performance culture and a winning, diverse team within the Company. You'll recall that earlier I discussed how our purpose and our vision are going to unite and propel us forward. And underpinning our purpose and vision, are also our four core values, which we fondly referred to as the four Cs. They are courageous, connected, committed, and curious. Courageous is about challenging the status quo, addressing conflict directly, and driving informed risk-taking.  Connected is about reflecting the communities that we serve, understanding the needs of others, and innovating together. Committed is leading with integrity, building on our legacy, and striving boldly towards the future. And lastly, curious. Curious is continuously learning and adapting, following the science and the data, and creating paths where none existed. You'll be hearing a lot more about how we're carrying out our purpose, our vision, and our values to deliver even better and more meaningful results in the future. But of course, one key way we're going to supercharge our culture is with strong leadership, which is why I am thrilled to share more about some of our most recent hires who reflect our future growth. We've added new talent and expertise across retail, healthcare, customer experience, and HR in addition to our core business of pharmacy and healthcare. These new leaders bring a collective set of experiences across the healthcare and retail industries from organizations with strong customer-centric mindsets.  This will be instrumental as we further innovate across every consumer touchpoint and work to define the future of health and well-being in the communities we serve. I'm very happy to welcome to the Company Holly May, Global Chief Human Resources Officer for WBA, Anita Alamond, Chief Transformation and Integration Officer for WBA, Daniel Gray, our Global Chief Legal Officer for WBA, and Tracy Brown, President of retail products, Chief Customer Officer for Walgreens, and Jeff Greener, Chief Financial Officer for Walgreens. So welcome to all of our new hires. At this point, I'd like to turn it back over to James and he will take us through our fourth-quarter earnings in fiscal year '21, financial highlights.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, James. So, in conclusion of our prepared comments and presentations, you've heard a lot today and about how we're leading off of our momentum with a thoughtful long-term strategic plan, that pivots our business deeper into healthcare. And James has outlined for us how that strategy impacts our expectations for earnings. Even factoring in the investments we're making in the coming months to develop our new business area; we believe we will see reasonable growth in earnings in the short term.  But it will be mitigated to some degree in the immediate term, given the extraordinary comparable performance from such a strong year in 2021 and the need to make some strategic investments to accelerate our strategy for the longer term. Looking forward, however, as the cost of investments gives way to the returns, we will get in the years to come, and as our healthcare businesses grow to a degree of the scale, we believe this will lead to a healthy and sustainable double-digit EPS growth. But I want to make it clear. Again, that we're not asking you to just take our word for what we're doing.  You can see that the work that is already underway with our partnerships, with companies like Blue Shield of California and Clover, and of course through investments in VillageMD and CareCentrix, and Shields to help us accelerate our plans. This work we are doing to create a differentiated consumer-centric healthcare business is basically the key to unlock material - enhanced long-term growth for the business while securing the future of the core business. In my opening comments today, I told you what we aim for you to take away from our event.  And so, I want to go back to that. We've outlined today a plan to drive sustainable growth in our business, pivoting our focus much more towards healthcare, and delivering a strategy that brings together truly integrated, new, and revitalized initiatives in healthcare, pharmacy, in retail. Our plans in healthcare will be symbiotic with our pharmacy and retail businesses, building on their strengths and giving us new and a differentiated engine for growth. We're moving at pace, building out what we need to internally and complementing it with investments to bring the initiatives, additional skills, and resources, and to accelerate our development of this new segment to our business.  We are acting quickly to build out the assets and capabilities we need to ensure success in this area, and to form a platform for the new operating model. We've also developed a financial algorithm, which reflects this change in focus and business mix. Were committed to offering enhanced communication and transparency as a management team, and as a business, to all of our stakeholders. And we want to bring everyone along with us for this exciting journey. Finally, but perhaps most importantly, I want to mention once again, our revitalized strategy. With this increased emphasis on healthcare.  This strategy will go hand-in-hand with an intensified focus on execution, operational excellence, and customer experience. And it will deliver growth. It will drive operational financial performance and it will result in strong returns going forward in the short, medium, and long term. So, in closing, I'm going to end in a rather unique way. Instead of saying we're wrapping up, I'm going to say we're just starting and we're bringing you along with this to a new beginning. Welcome to a new era for WBA, a new day, a new path forward. And now we'll take a quick break. Thank you.
Rosalind Brewer: Yes. Lisa, I look forward to seeing you too in January. Let me first -- I'm going to start this off and then I'm going to pass it over to James. So, I think it's important to think about what we announced today around Walgreens Health. This is about a healthcare ecosystem and its customer-focused with tech enablement right in the center.  And then when you think about the continuum of care and the investments that we've made, you can see that we are bringing those investments forward for a couple of reasons. First of all, it allows us to accelerate and that is important to us. It also really concentrates on when we start with well-being, all the way to post-acute care, you can see how each -- one of these investments plays a role.  The other thing I will mention to you is that we've already got a little bit of momentum in the business right now, you saw our fourth-quarter results. And then I would tell you that in some of the relationships we have, we know them very well. So, it gives us a little bit of an edge and a way to really get this new opportunity moving forward.  The other thing to think about is that think about Fiscal year '22 being our year of investment. And beyond that, you've seen the numbers where we see growth coming beyond those years. So, this is a year of investment and then being very, very focused about where we will invest and what makes sense to go towards this strategic intention that we have.  We've been very deliberate about that, Lisa, and so when you talk about it -- should it be partial investment, full stake? We're just being very strategic about that and we're looking very detailed in terms of what's going to get us to that next level. I want to turn it over to James so he can address your question on ABC and any other financial questions.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, Ricky, for that question. Let me first start off with who will lead, and how are we thinking about our new segment, Walgreens Health. And you've seen that we have added new executives to the company. If you dig a little deeper in their background, you will see that they have -- we're trending a little bit more towards health care experience. We will take advantage of our internal talent and external talent to identify the new leader for Walgreens Health.  So that is yet to come. When you think about my background in retail pharmacy, having run stores for Walmart and running the Sam's Club business that had pharmacies attached to them. It does give me a little bit of insight in terms of how we run the day-to-day. But your question around our retail footprint and the work that we want to do in WBA Health, they're interconnected.  This venture that we are going into is about local healthcare, and we have 9,100 units across the U.S. and they are closely aligned to some of the most critical zip codes across the U.S. When you look at VillageMD and the clinics that we plan to add, it's interesting to note that 50% of those will be aligned in medically underserved areas where we already currently have stores. So, our current store footprint is critical.  And not only is the store footprint critical, but we already have the digital and physical assets. Learning, knowing our customers, those who will take advantage of WBA Health or Walgreens Health, our new business venture, they're already our customers. And so, the customer relationships we have from our retail footing that we currently have, the physical assets that we have, our digital build is really in the center of what's in the plans for Walgreens Health.
Rosalind Brewer: So, I'm going to ask John to talk about some of the administration things that we've done in the stores to get vaccines and testing to our customers.
Rosalind Brewer: Sure. I'm going to turn that question over to James to cover a little bit about our numbers going forward.
Rosalind Brewer: So, thank you for that question and I'm going to start off with one part of that and then pass it onto my partners here. So first of all, just starting with inflation, so you're right, we're seeing some inflationary indications in the marketplace. In some instances, we've been passing some of our cost increases on.  We'll continue to do that and look at it carefully. While we are starting from a very good point of the transformational cost management that you've seen us apply against the business, which is why we've extended that into the future years, we're seeing some success there, so we can offset what we're seeing in the increased pricing.  The other thing I would mention to you in terms of our labor position, I think that this team has done a fantastic job of engaging our team members at the store level. In addition to our fulfillment centers. And a lot of that has been the work that we've done around our labor position and increasing wages and then recognizing the hard work of our pharmacists.  And John and his team have just done a fantastic job of not only engaging our own labor issues in terms of just engaging every day with our team members, providing development. And I think the most important work that we're doing in this space. And it's to make their jobs easier.  John and his team have been working very hard in putting in some of the work that we're doing around our central fill opportunities and automating the process behind the scenes of what one customer might see when they come into our store. So, I'm encouraged that, as inflation happens, we'll still continue to try and pull our costs down and deliver as best we can on behalf of the consumer. I don't know, James, if you want to add to that.
Rosalind Brewer: Great. I'll start that response and then I'll pass it to John for the supply chain work that his team has been doing. So, when we think about Walgreens Health, this is a new segment within our company.  So, when you think about our business segments right now, we have our Walgreens U.S. business, and then our Boots and international. So, we are standing up a new segment. And so, when you think about these companies and the integration of all of them, absolutely, we are activating those businesses within our company.  They won't sit on the sidelines as investments, and we will seek to create those synergies and bring those synergies to life. And we'll do that so that this whole description of how we want to wrap our healthcare ecosystem around our consumers, we will need to activate those companies, they will be needed. And so, we'll have leadership.  We are putting leadership in place as we speak to run the new segment. So, you'll see likely another person on stage with us in the future and in our conversations talking about how that business is coming forward. So, we'll have a reporting structure around it, we'll have a team, and an operating model around that business. But our intention is to integrate those synergies and bring them to life on behalf of the consumers, so you'll see that coming forward, absolutely.
Rosalind Brewer: That's exactly right. You know, starting from our core, we talked about this as being our strategy forward to start at our core. James said some very important things. And I want to remind everyone. This is about scale. And we believe we have scale.  I think it's very important to remember that we have payer independents and so we have the flexibility to make this model work, and then we have the acceleration, so moving from what we would have maybe in the past, investments that didn't look very strategic, but these are strategic investments for us. And so, we're going to be deliberate, we're going to take advantage of our payer independents, and then I think our ability to scale with acceleration will be the winning ticket for us. And thank you for the question, by the way. Thank you.
Rosalind Brewer: Thanks, Eric for that question. I'll start off with the cultural work that we're doing here in the Company. I talked about how critical it is to align culture with strategy, especially when you're making a transformation of this sort. You want to make sure you have the right team in place and people feel good about the work ahead of us because we've got work to do. And so, you will see us put together KPI s and talk very openly about how we're moving forward in this space because it's going to be as critical as delivering the financial performance of the Company.  So, we already track things like our team member engagement, and we talk about our customer engagement. Those two things are very much intertwined. We know when we do well with our team members and they feel satisfied with the work that they get to do in our stores and in our buildings, then that really transcends to the customers' engagement.  So, we will track those numbers and share those kinds of metrics with you so that you can see they were moving these things in tandem. So, we will do that. In the second piece around owned brands, I'm going to ask James to talk a little bit about that. But we have seen good performance between our business to business relationships with companies like Target and Walmart. I think our global brand's teams have done a fantastic job in that space. We're seeing that these retailers are making space for us, prominent space.  Just recently in the Target stores redesigned, I think our products look very good and show very well. And we'll continue in those relationships. In terms of investments. and are we going to go on a pause or work on integration? We talked about being very strategic with our capital allocation and part of that is, you are exactly right, we've got integration work to do.  So, it may feel a little bit slowing, but it's also going to be a little bit more about targeting. You'll see us target. It will make sense in terms of where it fits on our strategic roadmap, and you'll say, " Okay, that makes sense, " and then the integration would happen. The other thing is that we're going to be developing the muscle for integration.  Because in many of these, these were partial investments and now we're large-stake position and they are going to be part of our path forward so that integration piece is going to be really critical for us. I think you saw the announcement of Anita Allemand joining the Company. She will be our Transformation and Integration Officer for us. So, we are building the muscle in that space, so stay tuned to watch us be just very strategic about what we do next.  And a little bit less of what looks like a side investment and more about where do we need to plot acceleration and then to close out the roadmap on our strategy. So, James, do you want to talk about the margin returns in anything about our B to B work on global brands.
Rosalind Brewer: Sure. So, I'll start this off and then I'll turn the margin question over to James. So, when I took a look at the business in the very beginning, it was interesting to me that the Company had made such great strides in terms of the way of responding to the vaccine administration. And if you even go past that time in our journey, I look at the history of the Company and we've just had a very strong retail position in our stores. We've had a great response to how our pharmacists interact with, with the Company, and with the consumer.  But one of the things that surprised me was a little bit of the confusion between are we a retailer, are we pharmacy dispensing. And so that is what really made me think about it, should we have gone with this strategy maybe a little bit earlier.  And so -- but there's energy here, there's a lot of good guts in this Company in terms of what we can turn towards this new healthcare ecosystem that we've been talking about. And so, while there may have been some slight turns, this team is ready to course correct and get energized behind the core of who we are. And so, I'm excited about it. Those were -- that's history. We're on to a new opportunity.  And the other thing that I would say that maybe many of you-all can't feel because we're doing this virtually, is that this team is really excited about now having clarity of vision and purpose. And then I will focus on 1 point, which is around execution because I think that is an area where sometimes we could have done a better job.  But now this path forward is about how well are we going to execute, how we're going to hold ourselves personally accountable. And they we're going to be accountable to people like yourself, right? We're going to get in front of you, we're going to tell you what we're going to do. We're going to give you the milestones.  We're going to repeat it again and again so that you know we're committed to it. And then you'll go on the journey with us. And so, it's about transparency, clarity, execution, and getting really energized about what our future has to offer. With that, I'm going to turn it over to James to talk about a little bit on the margin piece.
Rosalind Brewer: Sure. First of all, you've hit on a very good point that there is a good opportunity here for us in that other 50, right? And when you think about taking advantage of that, which is something we haven't really played forward in our plans, but now we have the ability to do that.  So, there is an opportunity that you've definitely share to highlight that being payer independent, there is a broad, open assessable marketplace for us and so we're looking forward to that. And one of the things I'll mention is that usually when speaking with us, we talk about our retail business, we'll talk about things like traffic in our stores, but we'll come back to you and talk about those number of lives, right? Because we think now we are in a position to do that.  To your second question about walking into a business and seeing what those reimbursements look like and how do we offset them? I think now this new healthcare strategy that we're talking about. we're going to be in the middle of helping to drive better cost throughout this entire system. We hope that we now have a different relationship with our payer partners because we're both in the same game of trying to reduce the cost on an even bigger scale.  We have more of an ability now to play a part in this game and to move towards value-based healthcare. And so, I think that we're going to be viewed in a different way when we interact with our payers, and so eventually we'll see that as this model shifts we can do -- we can have a different relationship there, and maybe begin to offset some of this reimbursement expense that we see right now in the business.
Rosalind Brewer: All right. Jay, thank you for everything today. First of all, I hope you take away a few key very salient points here today. We tried to express a real clarity of our vision, clarity of our strategy, and just how excited we are about what's ahead for us. We've actually announced a completely new strategy today. This is a major pivot to U.S. healthcare. When you think about Walgreens Health, I just want to remind you, it's differentiated.  And our independent offering in the local community, both the physical and digital partners we have with patients and their payers. We're looking at an innovative suite of services, and these assets, hopefully, will help us integrate into a whole new category. With our existing position and our trusted health and well-being provider in the communities across the U.S., we really think this is going to be a step-change difference for us.  We're looking forward to keeping you all up to the breast in terms of where we are, how we're moving forward, you'll see as we talk about new talent additions to the Company. But remember, we've got things moving in the right direction on our core U.S. business in our operations there, John and his team are doing a fantastic job. We've got our new growth engine, Walgreens Health. We're looking at our equity investments, turning those into really active parts of our business and our long-term strategy.  And we're in a pretty good strong cash flow position. So, at this point, WBA has never been more vital than it is today. So, we're excited about where we are, we appreciate you joining us in this virtual setting, and we look forward to seeing you guys sometime in person. Thank you.
John Standley: Thank you, James. So just really quick. Roz mentioned it during her talk. The relevance of our physical network, I think it really -- has really stood out here through the pandemic, through our vaccine and testing efforts. And so, I think our footprint is really a key part of who we are, our national network of convenient and community-based care locations.  And so, as we think about the strategy going forward, those locations are really critical to where we're going and what we can do with them. VillageMD is our great example of getting those into 800 locations. What we're talking about with Health Corners and Walgreens Health is another great example. So, we see a lot of potential in the network we have.  As part of TCM, of course, we're always looking to make the store base as efficient as we can, and we have opportunities to grow in smaller formats which we've tried here. We'll have 100 of those by the end of the fiscal year, and those have done extremely well. So, I think the store network will continue to play a critical role in the strategy as we go forward.
John Standley: Yeah. I mean, we have -- I think we've done an amazing job. I think it's not just about probably the 25 that we're going to do this year, the 25 million vaccines for Fiscal year '22, but also about the opportunity in these businesses to really grow over time. So not just with vaccines, but also with testing. And I talked a little bit about in my talk how I think testing can really open some new doors for us, in closing gaps in care and providing tests and treatment in certain markets.  So, I think we're starting to see our business really evolve here. And I think vaccine and testing are two great ways that are going to happen. As we think about the business model, we do have the opportunity to efficiently manage labor as volume changes, but we also see the opportunity to invest in some of these other areas as well to continue to triumph and grow the business also.  So, I think that's how we're thinking about it. In terms of margin, we'll be negotiating on vaccine reimbursement and other reimbursements throughout the year, so we'll just have to see how that kind of plays out.
John Standley: I'm really excited about the opportunity. It's a great question and I think it's going to just open a ton of doors for us in the pharmacy business to gain access to additional patients and services. So, we're really excited about where we're heading and the opportunities it's going to create in the core Walgreens business.
John Standley: Yeah. Sure. I think the point I would make first is the investments about a lot more than script count. Obviously, it's a pivot into primary care in taking risks. So that's the first point. The second point is we are absolutely gaining script count from the relationship. And we are getting pretty decent penetration into the VMD patient base as well.  We haven't disclosed specific numbers, but there's -- we're definitely creating value there. But in the even bigger picture, I'm really excited about the things that we can do together, like the collaborative practice agreement and other services that we can get involved in, with VillageMD, to manage risk and drive better outcomes. So, it's just going to open a lot of exciting doors for us.
John Standley: I feel good about the plan, and the guidance that we're giving. And you touched on reimbursement rate, that -- we look at that pretty carefully, and we've done some modeling on it just to try and get a sense of the kind of where it goes. And clearly, there's going to be -- there's been reimbursement discussions.  There are going to be ongoing reimbursement discussions. But as I kind of start -- as we start to look out and do a little bit of modeling into the future, it seems to us that if reimbursement rate trends continue kind of into the medium to long term, it probably does start to cause some contraction in terms of access in the marketplace. That may be potentially some issue for us in the medium to long-term as we lookout. I think it's we just continue to work within.
John Standley: Yeah. Our team is working extremely hard with all of our supplier partners to tackle supply-chain issues. So, we are meeting regularly top-to-tops and having discussions to work through some of the challenges that have arisen. But I think we've generally done a very good job. But there are spots in our supply chain where there are some challenges, that we're working through.  We've increased lead times in terms of how we order products, particularly it's coming from overseas. We've been creative I think, in finding ways to tackle some of those issues with our partners. And we continue to push hard here to try and have the best experience we can in stores for our customers.
John Standley: It is. I just -- I think we've been in this industry a long time so. And I think we're at a point now where we're continuing to find efficiencies in generic drugs and things like that, but it's getting to be a fairly mature business at this point. And so, I think if there's an expectation that rates can go down for the next five years like they went down from the last five years, that's probably not realistic for a lot of folks in the industry. And so, I think that's kind of just where we are in the cycle of the industry at this time.  So, I think we have a lot of great opportunities in front of us. There's a lot of things we can do. This Walgreens Health is going to be fantastic in terms of opening a lot of doors. VillageMD is going to open a lot of doors as Roz and James said. So, there's always going to be some level of reimbursement pressure in the industry probably, but I do think down the line, it will take its toll in terms of access.
John Standley: Yeah. I point out a couple of things too. The first thing is we had a really good year this year. And when you look at top-line results, we did get a nice pick up from the vaccine, but you also have to consider that we had absolutely no cough and cold season last year, which was a killer over the winter.  If you think about this year, we're going to maybe have a little bit of headwind on the vaccine but if we get a little bit of recovery in cough and cold, those things washed out this last year, it'll be interesting to see how this plays out, I think for this year. The second thing is we haven't talked a lot other than my talk earlier about our customer engagement platform, and that we're really excited about and we think that gives us an avenue to growth.  We're really trying to personalize our offers and the way we go-to-market, and we've made some really good progress there. And in fact, coming up here next week, our digital offers will all be customized individually to our customers. I'm really excited about that. So, I think we've got some really good growth opportunities there.  Add on some things we can do in testing and where we're going with the vaccine, both with flu and with COVID, and I think we've got some really good kind of growth opportunities here. In addition to the block, some of the merchandising things we're doing in other opportunities that we're working on.
