Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. So from what you have heard, I hope that you can see we remain very confident of the robustness of our business and our ability to drive growth in it. The results that we have delivered today demonstrate the real value we are creating, as we continue the transformation of our business and our updated guidance reflects the confidence we have in our ability to continue to deliver solid financial return. The strength of the Company like Walgreens Boots Alliance does not lie entirely with the momentary placed any single business in the Company is in it's specific business cycle. It lies in our ability to bring multiple businesses and multiple opportunities to bear, to manage our portfolio business against our market position and our partnership to create opportunities, to deliver a consistent performance as a company, overall. We have a great deal of experience of doing this and despite the ever changing markets that we see much to give us confidence that we can continue to do that going forward. So to conclude, as we look ahead, we are optimistic as we have always been. Thank you. We will now take any questions you may have.
Stefano Pessina: Well, it doesn't change it at all. We have our strategy and we follow our strategy trying to be consistent in what we believe. I have just announced which are our principle, and of course, we are always willing to do a deal if the deal is consistent with what we expect from a deal, if we have the right return, if we can see a way to have back indication that we used for the deal. So we are always open to the deal, we are open to joint ventures, to collaborate with other partners in order to extract synergies, to extract benefit that we can share, possibly investing capital but not enormous amount of capital. But if all these would not be possible inspite of our cost and attention to the market. We will return somehow the money today to shareholders, we are a good cash generative companies, of course we have to use the money that we create. We will try to do reserve M&A if possible, otherwise we will give back the money to the shareholders.
Stefano Pessina: This is what we're typically doing. We make a trial, spending a limited amount of money and after we refine the trail because before holding it over we work on the trial and if we know that these takes a little more time at the end of today but we believe that is worthwhile to spend sometimes and to be sure of what we want to do in order that when we hold over the clients to many stores, we have a model which is not perfect but it's quite robust. And of course, these times -- but at the end we save a lot of money because we don't under-risk to all over a trial format or any activity that after we have to adjust or probably to substitute, so we try not to waste money.
Stefano Pessina: From a strategic standpoint, I rarely believe that our market -- our pharmacies, our stores tomorrow would have to be very, very different and so for sure from a strategic standpoint we have to change a lot but I don't believe that the change is only possible if you merge with a health plan, this is one-way to rationalize the market. Of course, if you can extract a value from it, if the value that you can extract from it is justified price to pay but this is one model, but there are many other model because we will have to change today. The stores are quite substantially in the future and the way we will serve the consumers in a very radical way; so there is much to do with our without a merger with a health plan, with or without merger with other players in these market. And I see that the main transformation in future would not be just a merger with one of the main part we mentioned would be to adapt the stores, to what the future customer will require. And if we go to Asia and you will see what is happening there, if you look at what the people like Feint [ph], Alibaba and others are doing or are talking of doing, you will see that at that end even we -- given us have to think in a different direction for the future and this is something that of course it's ineluctable. While a merger with an insurance company or with PBM or with whole sellers, if not ineluctable; the fight in future would not be on this basis.
Stefano Pessina: With an additional service you can offer apart from that these additional services represent an additional source of revenue and profit which of course is not irrelevant but apart from that, it's clear that most services we'd be able to offer, the easier would be to catch the customers, to keep the customers review. Just probably in future you will have to offer your services in much more sophisticated way and knowing more about your service or your customers being able to anticipate what the customers will need. All things that everybody says today but of course it is necessary to repay the company for this preparation or it's quite a complicated one. This doesn't mean that we don't have to expand and to lead in the world of today and we have to do whatever we can to improve the efficiency, to improve the profitability of our company. The two things are not excluding; I was asking -- the way I was asked before, I would see that pharmacy in 5-10 years in future, I have seen pharmacy under stores and store -- quite different from now. But of course if now we could do a good deal with someone at reasonable terms, where we could see a substantial return, not just in earnings per share but also in IRR-- also in ADA [ph], cash return, we would be delighted to do it.
Stefano Pessina: We have our ways to review carefully the potential risks that we have and we are account for consistently what we see.
Alexander Gourlay: I mean it's really early stages, so we are pleased with where we are. I think there is a couple of things; I think that we're able to really work in a different way in terms of the visibility of the partnership and what the payers are seeing within that partnership. Clearly, there is more to do here but that's one part of it. Second part of it is, that we're able to connect some of the customers to our local specialty pharmacies, they are also handling the additional LDD drugs that we've been able to acquire as a result of that both in partnership with Alliance RX and expansion of our local community pharmacies within all these network. So we feel good about where we are, we think we have a more local model as more relevant along with the great partnership with Prime Therapeutics.
Alexander Gourlay: I think that remember as investors in Q2, they meet the wins of last year and it happened obviously January 1; so Q2 does contain an element of that. Secondly, the flu season was unusual in the sense, it was very strong in December and January but relatively we can feel [ph] overall, it was a pretty -- from our point of view, a pretty normal flu season. And remember, Q2 for us is these 3 months; so we saw the flu season pretty much to our level off to normal. So I wouldn't say there was much impact, I don't know volumes there. Going forward, as we said before, we still expect to grow in the back half of the year and also we expect to grow going forward. We have seen some additional marketing activities from some of our competition which again is impacting some of the volume, this is pretty much as we said and we're very confident -- we are in a really strong comparative position, not just for this year but the future as well. And of course, last but not the least, very importantly, the smooth transfer of the rating businesses that we have purchased to ourselves, of course again is growing on volumes in the second part of this fiscal and calendar year.
Alexander Gourlay: Yes, we haven't given a date yet but we did say based on this calendar year; so you can assume that it will have little or no effect on this calendar -- this fiscal year. In terms of the marketplace, we review this all the time, there is quite a lot of announcements we've made from people in the marketplace and we're confident what we're doing later in this year will keep us in a very competitive situation and we continue to invest in our people in over the long-term. While this really has nothing to do with the tax benefits that George outlined in his prepared remarks, this was already something that we plan to do but obviously was helped by the fact that we had some release date as well.
Alexander Gourlay: These really are tests, there are tests based on a lot of stuff we've learned in the last 3 years, both on the front and product mix, and also importantly, some tests that we've got in the markets separately with healthcare services along of course with our new platform with that X on a digital platform that we already have in place. So really putting all of that together to understand that this is the test, so we really haven't got any more information on rollouts. In terms of affordability I think we've been very clear that we are fiscally very disciplined, and we will work this within the normal rules that we have in the business about returns that we would expect to get from any initiative including one, rolling out a format. And our experience in the past has been that you can achieve with a reasonable spending capital in a small box like Walgreens, a good return as you would start to shift the mix and induce more services, and also improve the value proposition overall and that's exactly what we intend to in these formats, it's proved that case and then when we're ready, we'll come back and let you know how that looks in terms of plan.
Alexander Gourlay: I think it's always hard to have a crystal ball over 3 years but yes, we are assuming that we have the same opportunity to grow as we have done the last 3 years. So I think in terms of volume, that would be a reasonable assumption to take. In terms of margin pressure, it's harder to anticipate at the moment but we see the same trends right now, so as we build and think forward and think about how we are preparing the business for the future as Stefano mentioned earlier within the pharmacy, we're looking for similar reimbursement pressure as the past, will ebb and flow a bit year to year, but there is no indication there is going to be any materially different. What is going to be different we think is the ability to take care of customers better and link them better to a total offer. Going forward, we mentioned quite a lot about our investments in data and technology and we're doing that for a reason which is to try include a more joined up experience for our customers and we see pharmacy as the area where we have got in the next 3 years probably more opportunity going forward. So I would be happy to see the future in pharmacy in the next 3 years.
Alexander Gourlay: We see it the same way. I'll go back to what Stefano said many times and I agree with this, which is you don't have to be vertically integrated to be able to provide the same services to the payers, as well as to the patients. So you can assume with the investments we're making that we are going down the same route and of course we're getting there as I said already in my prepared remarks, and we're in a pretty decent shape at the moment.
Alexander Gourlay: We really have nothing else to add to that Eric. I mean I know obviously we can't speak about it, it is what it is, so we have nothing else to add.
George Fairweather: Yes, you've summarized it pretty well. Our updated guidance really reflects no change to our core growth assumptions which you can if you do the math from the midpoint to midpoint; you will see that it's really primarily from the expected tax reform benefit, so really no change. And just to add to that, I think as we said in the last two earnings call; we said that we expect fiscal '18 to be more balanced between the two halves and that was the case in fiscal '17.
George Fairweather: No, too early in any case to work or to see it. But remember that for sure there will be some negative effect in these consolidation but there will be many positive effect because we are in a free market and so the people who have not taken part to the consolidation will be more willing to work a bit -- the people were independent on the market. It's too early to see the effect but overall, we would expect a slightly positive effect for us.
George Fairweather: We actually believe that point of service is a good thing for the customer, so we actually think this is a good move forward, creates more visibility. And we don't expect that to be any more than normal reimbursement pressure that we've seen consistently over the years as a result of this. But we expect that pharmacy experiences to get better which should help us from an efficiency point of view and a customer care point of view, but clearly, we'll see what happens when our colleagues in the industry rollout these initiatives. On the front end comps, we have been consistent in saying and I think the number we gave today about the 300 basis points is the one important data point that we are driving for profitable growth. Part of that was a significant SKU reduction in the bottom quarter over stores last year and I don't have any specific data to give you today but we are pleased with the performance of these stores and are moving that thinking on as an important part of simplifying our offer, both for people who serve as customers. But also importantly, for customers who wanted to actually have a really good experience some more gains as well. So one of the things we have seen is good improvements in MPS as a result of that work. So there is more management to do, more work to do but remain confident in this approach and that's why we're accelerating it.
George Fairweather: Overall the year-to-date is very much turning out as we had anticipated, hence really what we said today about the guidance for the full year.
George Fairweather: No, we're really pleased to have got to this point as you can imagine and the process has been good, nothing surprised us on the upside or downside and we remain confident that we will be able to execute what is still quite a big plan. I mean adopting an over 1,900 stores into your network is not actually forward; so we still have a lot to do but we remain confident it's on plan and will give us returns that we had expected.
George Fairweather: I mean they are essentially two quite different numbers because of the way the tax law is structured. The way I would try and think about, if you think about the rate then -- and what the rate is, I think the best way of looking at it is that the half year adjusted effective tax rate and that came in at 20.3%. And within that we had a discrete charge of about 0.5%, so that in effect says that for this year we anticipate -- because the half year is based on a forecast, for full year you should be thinking around the 20% mark, plus or minus for whatever discreet end up at being. In terms of the cash tax this year, when we first set the estimates, it was very quick after the law was enacted and some of the details on timing and other things have really only come out since that time, and we certainly were always very careful before we published numbers that we're absolutely sure that we're clear the numbers are really good estimates that we always feel comfortable before publishing, and so that's really what's driven the increases. And then I also talked a little bit about the deferred tax and repatriation tax and again that's just taken us a little bit of time to work through to publish the estimates that we've put in our numbers today. I'm afraid it's really quite complex and of course, as I said in the prepared remarks, because of our fiscal year starting 4 months before the tax reform came into place, then when you're thinking about next year, you have to remember that we'll obviously have a full year of the numbers. But everything, all the numbers I'd stressed are provisional under the accounting we have 12 months to finalize this and of course we're overtime, increasingly seeing more clarification from authorities on exactly how to interpret the various changes that have come in at a very, very short period of time.
George Fairweather: I mean, as a proxy, the way the accounting works; for the first half of the year you have to -- businesses have to forecast your full year rate before discreet and not based on your forecast and that is what you use for the half year. So the half year rate is a good indication but it can vary obviously depending on the mix. In the second half it's different versus what we forecasted internally this time and it can also change depending on the discreet which of course, vary quarter by quarter; some quarters they could be positive, some quarters it could be charged.
George Fairweather: At some places as you can see, it's just -- it's an accrual related to ongoing U.S. regulatory models.
