Greg Wasson: I'll start with the last and then back up. It does not include the Duane Reade stores as far as the total CCR. We are doing certainly remodelings within the Manhattan area to help them complete their journey of remodeling those stores. As far as CCR, you're right. If we look, there is about, as we said, 5,500 total stores in the chain that would be conducive to the CCR fit. We will have 2,000 by the end of the calendar year. We expect to have the remainder of those done by the end of 2011 calendar year. So you can factor that in.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I'd use the latest, the 40,000 55,000. We're encouraged, Ann, and we may be able to pull that down. And if we are, we will give an update on that. But as I said, we're seeing from when we started about a 20% reduction in the cost to convert these stores. We're down to about four days. So I think we are optimistic we maybe able get it lower, but I think that's probably a good number to use.
Greg Wasson: Well, I'll take the first one and let Wade jump in on how to quantify. I think with the temporary slowdown in the generic pipeline that we've led to over the past year, I think that's probably heightened some of the reimbursement focus that payers have. And I think the good thing is that's a temporary period, and I think when we get into 2012, with the added generics, there'd be a little relief there. But in this interim, I do think that we're focused on making sure that we get a fair value from payers for the services we provide. And I think we have 7,500 stores in all 50 states. We have 24-hour stores and communities across the country that many don't. So we're just focused on working with payers to make sure we get a fair value. And I think we're recognizing that people value Walgreens and their network.
Greg Wasson: I'm not going to comment much on the CVS Caremark situation itself. But our plans haven't changed regarding our organic growth rate that we sit out there of 2.5% to 3% by the end of fiscal 2011. We still have a strong balance sheet. We're going to be looking for acquisitions that make sense strategically. And so our plans still remain as they have been over the past several months and a year.
Greg Wasson: Last year, as we've said, we administered 5.5 million seasonal flu shots in addition to a couple of million H1N1. And most of that was in the first quarter. So we're going to get about 7.5 million total flu shots. We expect to play a big role in the seasonal flu program this fall. Last year, I think we had 16,000 to 17,000 of our pharmacists certified. Today, Kermit Crawford is with me, tells me we have about 23,000 certified pharmacists. We're looking forward to adding the Duane Reade pharmacists of nearly 1,000 to participate. So we did a good job last year. We certainly expect to do a better job this year.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I think, Mark, we actually experienced quite a bit at this third quarter and in fact probably a significant amount of third quarter that we're going against. And we absolutely anticipated in fourth quarter, I don't know if I've got the number that Wade can give, but it is a headwind. We anticipate aggressively going after more flu shots in the first quarter as well as the tail-end of the fourth quarter.
Greg Wasson: Meredith, it's a little of both. To your point, I think some of the older macks are coming down a little bit, as well as the newer are coming down a little more quickly. But at the same time, I do think that the bottom-line is that generic utilization is a win, win, win for everyone. And our focus is to continue to drive a higher percentage of generic utilization. And I think when we see more and more come out the latter half of 2011-2012 for our fiscal year, certainly we'd see the benefit there. We're watching Mack's diligently with all payers.
Greg Wasson: I absolutely think that a retail 90 benefit and offering is going to become a greater and greater part of the pharmacy industry. I think as more and more generics come out, we see a greater percentage of chronic prescription drugs. And 90-day retail benefit just makes sense. I think the good thing is that employers who have had only a 90-day mail benefit for years, by adding a retail 90 in a broad network of retailers, it gives them the opportunity to one, give their employees a benefit that had they had not wanted to use mail, lower cost by increasing the penetration of total 90-day prescriptions. And a broader network can be put together to give choice as well.
Greg Wasson: So Meredith, to your point, we're working with all payers; all PBMs, managed care organizations to provide them a 90-day retail solution.
Greg Wasson: Yes, with what we're able to bring to all payers in a situation where they are able to put a broad network together, you figure Meredith, you take to cost to fill this out, you have a reimbursement that makes sense. It's a win-win for everyone.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I think limited networks in some form or fashion have been around for years. You go all the way back to the 80s where (inaudible) most restricted networks. We know that patients do want choice, and there are ways to provide value and lower cost, and provide choice at the same time. So I think there would be limited networks around, and there always have been. I do think that folks can balance both choice and value and cost with a broader network. And I think that's what we're seeing more of.
Greg Wasson: And Meredith, I think you may begin to see preferred networks based on performance, which we would welcome.
Greg Wasson: No I think where healthcare is going is, the provider that can really show value with clinical outcomes, reduced cost, provide choice, to lower the entire medical spend versus just the pharmacy spend is where we are headed as a country as well as us as a company.
Greg Wasson: Latter question, yes. The CDC recommends a seasonal annual flu shot. And there was probably some heightened concern last year due to the H1N1 pandemic. I think the fact of the matter is that there is more and more folks getting seasonal flu shots year-over-year because of the effectiveness. We do know that there were around a 150 million or so doses produced last year. Looks like the latest info we're getting is that there are going to be more produced this year. So we feel good with how we're positioned. And well, David, it's interesting combining the seasonal flu shot with H1N1 in the same dose. So I think people will probably tend to be more interested because they can get both in one dose.
Greg Wasson: We're feeling good about the trend we're seeing in CCR. As I said, we were 1.9% in the pilot stores that are reported on Q2, 2.6% in those pilot stores overall this year. I feel good that we're making real progress in the complement category. That's where we sell the significant (mess) on some of the SKUs. And at the same time, what we're beginning to see, David, is that last year when we began closing out the 4,000 SKUs, that was companywide. And what we're beginning to see now is as the new planograms come in nationwide, we're adding items. We're beyond kind of the optimizing the SKU level. We're actually enhancing the categories and the departments that we're putting on chain-wide. So we're not only seeing improvement in the CCR stores, but we're beginning to see improvement based on enhanced categories chain-wide.
Greg Wasson: So obviously it's a tough environment out there, but we have to make sure that we're not only looking at whatever the comp is, but making sure that from a market share point of view on a competitive basis that we're actually outperforming others.
Greg Wasson: Well, Bob, I'll jump in and then have Wade give more details. I agree with his comment earlier. I think we removed Duane Reade in light of the 5.9% new store growth. Our SG&A trend is pretty consistent with where we have been over the last two or three years. We certainly didn't fall out of bed. We certainly know that there's opportunity, we are going to keep pushing. The goal I have, that I have given this team is to make sure that that two-year stack year-over-year continuously go down. I am sorry you can't open the presentation, but when you look at the bar graph, the two-years stack with Duane Reade out, we have continued to improve year-over-year on a two-year stack.
Greg Wasson: I can't say that we've seen anything on people rolling off Cobra, and maybe it's something we should dig into. Well, I can't say we are seeing that. Bob, as far as the front-end I think we are still seeing some continued pressure on the discretionary categories, although we're feeling better with what we are seeing currently. As I said, we are beginning to roll out some new and enhanced planograms and categories chain-wide. In addition to CCR, we're beginning to roll back some of the private brand as I said from Duane Reade. But as far as the pressure, it's mainly still in the discretionary categories, because customers are still holding on to their cash a little bit.
Greg Wasson: I think certainly, as I said we are really encouraged and excited. But with there private brand, frankly expertise in what they've done with private brand in that market, and that's the reason we're pulling back some of that in August as we said to begin to see what kind of lift we can get throughout the chain. So, I think there is huge opportunity there. Their loyalty card, they just re-launched it a couple of months ago. They're seeing pretty good results from it. I think we can certainly learn from some of the things they are doing as we pilot our loyalty card. Cosmetics & Beauty, we're excited there, I think their fresh food, urban retailing. So, the more excited we are and the more we think that we can pull out their expertise back through the chain.
Greg Wasson: It's interesting, we do a terrific job as you might expect in, kind of, the health and beauty private brand products, you know, the (inaudible) and so forth that we are known for. Where we under-penetrate and have over the years is in consumables, and that's where they over-excel, and in their delicious snacks, their cookies, their food, their consumable items. So, we are going to continue to drive and enhance our OTC offering, which we've done well for years. But we think they can really help us in the consumable space.
Greg Wasson: Overall, I think consumers are just pulling back their spending in total Debra. But I do think that we are encouraged, when we look at apples-to-apples that we are winning against our major competitors, and we are digging share across many markets. So I think it's some that's cut back on discretionary spend in total.
Greg Wasson: Yes, we definitely would agree with that. I think there is tremendous opportunity to grow our private brand offering. And that creates loyalty in itself as you know.
Greg Wasson: We definitely think we're going to be able to play a big role in the access challenges with healthcare reform, Andy, as you might expect. That's the reason we're so bullish on these clinics.
Greg Wasson: I'd say it's pretty much what we've seen in the past six months to 12, I think there are folks that are out there still trying to go after the discretionary spend with consumers. I do think and as I said we're encouraged with what we're seeing currently. We'll see, I think people are still watching their, Andy.
Greg Wasson: Yes, Andy, we have several relationships where we have direct arrangements with a payer over the years. The real opportunity we have, as you know, is we lead with the worksite health center solution that we have. And once we get in and really begin to provide real value and build the relationship with employers, there is other services that we can offer that we're able to deliver. If that indeed includes prescription drugs, then we can do that as well. But what we really want to do is get in and provide real value to an employers medical spend in total.
Wade Miquelon: I'll just add some color. If you look at year-on-year generics, that's $0.02 to $0.03 down versus a year ago. As we talked about the impact of the lower flu incidents of about 100 basis points in totality is another $0.02 to $0.03. And then building on Greg, we did see some reimbursement pressure. I would not say that it was unplanned reimbursement pressure. I think that's been for some time that while it's always cut by the layer that this is kind of an 18-month period that we see to be maybe a little bit more challenging that unusual. But again, I don't think there is anything we have unanticipated. But I think moving forward, all three of these things have a potential to get stabilize and get stronger over time.
Wade Miquelon: I think you saw the impact more this last quarter, and then it remains to be seen in the first quarter. For the fourth quarter, I don't think there is going to be a huge impact either way. There is a big upside on the flu shot part of the season which should hopefully offset any reduction in the first quarter from the overall trend.
Wade Miquelon: What we've actually said is that the 25% of our $250 million is actually a broader umbrella of transforming community pharmacy, which Florida POWER plays one part, but it's much broader than that. So if you look at our aggregate across the country, the work to be done, and Kermit, maybe you can comment, we're confident that we'll be able to deliver that. Beyond that, we've got indirect spend, opportunities as well as corporate field and other SG&A opportunities. So all three buckets would step up next year. And there is a big step up in the TCRx what we call the transform community pharmacy overall umbrella. 
Wade Miquelon: We try to get the bridge before. It's a fairly complex bridge. But at the store level, yes, we have some base level store salary inflation, maybe 18 bps as a percent of sales. We also might have been a bit of occupancy. Our occupancy is up about 20 bps as a percent of sales. And that's really driven by the fact that we've skewed over the last three years more store openings to really the A+ sites on the East Coast and West Coast. Other than that, we've given a little bit of a walk here in the presentation. I know Rick can share with you the details. But in aggregate, I'd also say, for the number of stores that we opened over the period, 6%, when taking out Duane Reade, it's about as good as we've done in many years. It's trending in the right direction. Again, what primarily drives SG&A right now is new store openings. And like I said, some folks might have missed a bit of just the baseline inflation in store salaries as well as the occupancy.
Wade Miquelon: No, the store level would be much less on a same-store basis, anywhere from 1% to 2% (short), which is really primarily driven by store salary inflation. And like I said, there is about 20 bps as a percent of sales from increased occupancy. And again, that's because of the decision to open more stores in A+ site on the East Coast and West Coast.
Wade Miquelon: The same store inventory is actually down, right? And I think we made good progress there. That down across the board in stores as well as our distribution chain. I think we had opportunity to continue to improve that both in pharmacy as well as the front-end, and we'll do so. But again, on a same store basis, we've made progress. Again, albeit not as much as we made in prior periods, but I don't think that we've run the gamut on that yet.
Wade Miquelon: I'd hate to do it here on this call. I mean obviously we haven't announced anything publicly, but I think we've obviously got a lot of low-hanging fruit opportunity already from some of the store network, streamlining that. But now, we're looking more holistically at our supply chain opportunities there to operate a bit different; change how we think about some of the buffer stocks, replenishment etcetera. And so I think that that's kind of the next generation if you will, of improvement.
Wade Miquelon: I think Greg said it, but we are at a temporary period of fewer new generics. At the back end of calendar 2011, that starts to change dramatically. So that is what it is.
Wade Miquelon: I think the evidence is coming out that one of the best ways to reduce overall healthcare costs is through better adherence. And 90-day is clearly a tool to drive better adherence and compliance. So I think that that trend is also favorable and we'll see that play out over time.
Wade Miquelon: Of course, just like 30-day is profitable with the same open network, so is 90-day. And I mean it could be structured in a win, win for both the payer, but also for us. And like I said, drives adherence and compliance, and provides an innate list from that over time as well.
Wade Miquelon: We haven't seen an uptake in that. I mean, at the end of the day, if that's where it wants to go, having a 20% share and being within 5 miles or 75% of the population, I think that we're positioned extremely well in that case.
Wade Miquelon: And, Dave, let me just maybe address part of the underpinning of your question. But we have been very diligent about looking market-by-market of control and pilot stores and our market share in those markets as well the overall share in comps. And as we illustrated here, we feel pretty good that our aggregate comps on apple-to-apples basis outperformed our top three competitors, which basically means that the control is strong too.
Wade Miquelon: Absolutely. And I think you can extrapolate again our aggregate versus other comps and add the 2.6 as a hopefully baseline or better move forward.
Wade Miquelon: And Bob, I would add that, further in this sluggish economy, finances are an important cause of low adherence to prescription medication therapies. So between the economy and a tough H1N1 comparison of last spring, I think that is more what's happening in this quarter on the pharmacy side of the business.
Wade Miquelon: Well, I think there's no reason that shouldn't be able to be in 2% to 3% of the front-end over time. But of course, its how many you roll out and when you cycle, whatever, but I would say that's kind of I think what it should comprise. So what it is in terms of actual lift would depend upon the timing of when they're rolled out and how you cycle that.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, and in another way I think we've done a great job at kind of the me-too at a better value for consumers. But I think that, in terms of really differentiated propositions, in particular in food, they are really best-in-class doing a great job.
Wade Miquelon: Well, I think the key thing is to deliver on; job number one, is to deliver on our Rewire commitment. We've got that planned; now we have to just run that play. So, I say that's good news. Beyond that we're actually doing a lot of work, what I would call in two different streams. One is kind of the day to day, how do we think about making increments in everything we do everyday. We have a group now dedicated to that, and separately also what are the next big breakthroughs, what are the big structural areas we should be looking out to transform. And we've got some ideas there as well. But I think I guess just to wrap it up I think that the first job number one is to deliver on the rewire commitment and put that to bed, while we also figure out as a company how to be more systemic and not make these cost reductions a once-every-five-year event - really build it into our day-to-day. So we're challenging everything all the time, how can we do it better, more efficiently, faster, and we've put significant resources and a new structure around that for the company. So I feel pretty good that on a going basis that we'll be more on a continual process there.
Wade Miquelon: If you look at the internals, our food traffic remains strong, which is people are coming, the items remains fairly strong. It's really the dollar'ing per item, where people had to trade down or make sacrifices. You see it in the other trends too in terms of people spending more after paycheck and less at the end of it, people who move more away from credit to cash etcetera. So I think it really is aggregate right now; is the bit of a suppressed consumer, which I think is good for us as this comes back. But I think the key thing we're doing is, through CCR and the other efforts to make our stores much more relevant. First, I think its big opportunity to make those assets more accretive over time. And so the items we're launching in the new environment is going to help with that.
Wade Miquelon: And as Rick said before, if you look at beer and wine for example, beer and wine is not just what we're going to get for the list over time. We're finding when you do the basket diagnostics, that actually we're picking up more of that flow item or less consumer, who might not come by Walgreens because there was one or two items they couldn't get through that Mini shop. And that gives us a lot of encouragement.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, we have a step down this whole year; so, we've seen it throughout the year. We're going to have another bit of a step down next year and then really at the en of calendar '11 is where we get a really nice step up and then the following year an even nicer step up. So, I hesitate to quantify the exact numbers in part, because actually no one can predict exactly when these things hit. But that's the basic pattern.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I say next year you could see another one to two on top of it, but we've got a lot of good stuff going as well. So, I mean, in aggregates there's lots of big moving parts, but we do see a bit of a step down next year, not to the degree we've seen this year and then I guess that we started to see a sequential year step up.
Wade Miquelon: That's now moving to slightly accretive. So on a relative basis, it's not accretive. It's still a loss, but it's less loss than the year ago. And I would expect that that's going to keep becoming relatively accretive moving forward. And we are still very much big believers in this. Not only from an amazing experience what it does to our halo effect, but also our stores are now moving into three and four years. Many of those are moving into the black and that's now the kind of torture test of fully loaded economics with no benefits in the front-end or the script basis. So again on a relative basis, it's year-over-year accretive, but where also the older ones are ramping nicely as planned. So, it gives us a lot of confidence that this is the way to go.
Kermit Crawford: We're certainly looking forward to another strong flu season. Like Greg said, 23,000 of our pharmacists are certified. Over 91% of our stores have two full-time certified pharmacists in it. So when we look at the pneumonia, Zostavax, tetanus, other immunizations, we look to have a very strong season this year.
Kermit Crawford: Yes, Mark, we're very confident that we're going to beat our cost savings goal for 2011 under TCRx. But in addition to that, we've talked about enhancing our customer experience and our customer service. And we've put some automation and enhanced some of our technology to improve customer service by using up some of the additional capacity we have in the system. For example, if a patient were to touch on a prescription in tomorrow in one of our 25-hour stores, our scheduling system now schedules that prescription to be filled on the overnight where we have capacity, therefore freeing up the pharmacists during the day. So we're filling the same number of prescriptions, but we're creating more free time during the day. And as well, the third part of that was the (inaudible) services, which we talked about the flu and other immunizations. So all three of those parts of TCRx we think are on track.
Kermit Crawford: Mark, as we talked about, we're very pleased with our agreement that we have with CVS. We would not go into any of the specific details around that agreement.
