Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James, and hello, everyone. During the quarter, we continue to make progress in our four strategic priorities; accelerating digitalization, transforming and restructuring our retail offering, creating a neighborhood health destination around a more modern pharmacy, and rolling out our Transformational Cost Management program.We'll also continuing to develop our omni-channel offering. Our Walgreens app has now been downloaded 57.3 million times, up 10.5% since last year. Around 26% of Walgreens retail refill scripts were initiated through digital channels in the quarter, up 18.4% since last year, and also increased our active Balance Rewards members to 90.2 million.In Retail, our leading beauty brands No7 performed exceptionally well in the quarter. In Walgreens, sales of No7 were up by over 50% helped by the launch and advertising of the No7 Laboratories Line Correcting Booster Serum and our other retail partners saw significant growth.In addition to beauty, we're working on refreshing our own brand portfolio in Walgreens to drive sales and improve the customer value proposition. During the past two years over 60% of the Walgreens own brand product portfolio has been re-launched or rebranded enhancing the customer offer through better value and quality to deliver improvements in sales and margin. This work is ongoing.Rite Aid is very much on track. Against our store optimization program we've completed 631 of the planned 750 stores closures and we continue to see good customer retention.As to the many Walgreens own ready stores, 394 have been successfully converted to Walgreens and we expect to complete the Rite Aid integration by the end of fiscal year 2020.We've taken further steps to develop our neighborhood health destinations, working with our partners including LabCorp and Humana and as we announced during the quarter VillageMD. With VillageMD we will be opening five state-of-the-art primary care clinics in the eastern area by the end of the year branded Village Medical at Walgreens.We also remain on track to open 125 LabCorp outlets at Walgreens stores this year. And finally on Kroger the teams are working well together and so far the initial customer response has been positive.I'll now hand you back to Stefano.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Steve its Alex here. One of our strategies clearly there is to grow volume and to make our business bigger to get scale. So we -- and also partnership is really important to us as we've said many, many times. So with the market changes and these changes are really -- you can see the number of pharmacies in the U.S. is in decline as measured for the first time for a long time.We are obviously open to partnership in this area. We bring scale, we bring expertise and we're investing as Stefano said in his remarks and Jim said in pharmacy and the pharma supply chain. So we're open. And, of course, we’ll look for every opportunity available providing a mix that makes sense for us our partners and increase the quality of our business.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Steve, it's Alex again. We think it's probably more normal. Again, we've laid out our plans in terms of the heightened growth that we expect. And we think it's a more normal year. Now of course, within that there is always opportunities and there is always challenges, but we think it's a probably more normal year than 2020.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Bob, it's Alex here. Yes, it's more ongoing course of business. In a way this is regular. We have over 9,000 drug stores in America. Therefore, things change customers shift opportunities move. We're also thinking about new formats as we spoke before and answered previous questions. So this is just normal business.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. I think in terms of how we feel about margin going forward, we've always stated we recognize reimbursement pressures there and we'll stay there and that's how do we compensate for it. And as James has just said, we are seeing the ability to compensating more in Q4 than Q3 as the trends compare. I think in particular, a couple of areas, which are just interesting going forward. First of all, we are getting paid more for I would say value-based contracts, particularly in Medicare D. So we're starting to hit some of the performance targets, which is encouraging. And I think also, we continue to have the opportunity to work differently in some networks.For example, again, I would point to the prime contract, we did some time ago, where we have a different approach to marketplace, where we're really much more transparent. And again, that process we believe is -- will become more I say -- I will say available to the market going forward that has been in the past. So it's -- if the reimbursement doesn't go away, the margin is under pressure as we've often said. But we continue to be innovative, we work creatively and we work hard on new levers as well as the old levers that we've spoken about a lot.
Alex Gourlay: The generic deflation, yes. I mean we don't see any difference to what's been recorded in the marketplace to be honest. We see this I will say a low single-digit deflation. As they have spoken about we see generics coming off patents in a way that going to describe the others.And, of course, we pay a lot of attention to this because it has a material impact on our ability to reduce our register cost of goods. And we feel comfortable that all that's captured in the guidance that we gave last quarter.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Eric, it's Alex here. Yes. I mean let me start with the last question first which is the underfunding point. The U.K. government pay in a certain way they -- I don't want to go into detail of it but fundamentally it's a market payment for all the pharmacies in the U.K. And if you go into what's called the PSNC website there is more details there about how the how that works. So, we are pretty convinced there's been underfunding in the last period.Now, of course, working within the pharmacy contractors and the PSNC, we're now debating that with the government in a positive way as our new contracts are put in place. So, that's what we refer to. And of course we can't make any further comments until that negotiation is complete.But I think in terms of the overall performance of the business. We are making good progress in terms of reinvigorating the Boots model in the U.K. in very difficult times. I don't have to tell you how difficult the marketplace is there. For example, this morning, we opened a fantastic new store, a new concept store in Covent Garden that was skewed around the corner. And this is a health, wellness, and beauty concept store which will not only feed the future of Boots, but could also of course give us some great ideas for U.S. market as well.On top of that we've done a lot of digitalization. We've digitalized the Advantage card which is still the most popular card in the U.K. by some way in terms of beauty and treat cards and a lot of customers use it. I think it's well under 17 million holders today.We've also created digital pharmacy we've launched that for the first time in the U.K. in terms of managing prescriptions copies some of the great ideas that we could pass across the Walgreens as part of the merger.And of course the cost programs James already referred to in his remarks in terms of moving money from maybe the older model into investing in the future of the Boots business. So, that's a story really where we're using the current market situation to make sure that we're investing our future. And we're seeing some interesting lead indicators of performance. And of course we'll give you more updates as that develops.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. I mean it's really straightforward. These are relatively small pharmacies. James said two-thirds are within a walking distance of another Boots pharmacy. And the main cost there to be honest is the cost of the pharmacist. We have pharmacist turnover like any company would have and we simply see that as we have been able to manage the cost while retaining quality people that we need to take care of customers and communities.And remember we learned a very important lesson here in the USA that if you retain similar face of the pharmacist and health care assistants in the local pharmacy then very often the customers will transfer the script to the people who they know and trust. So, this is economically important to us as well.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, it's Alex here. Yes. I think, I'll say what I said already and Stefano said that it clearly, we still have a very efficient effective and innovative model out of WBAD and we continue to work in a dimension which we think is slightly different. We prefer to have contracts with manufacturers to give them certainty of supply, so that we get certainty of supply back in the marketplace. That's really important to the customers and allows us to plan together in a different way and that's how we work.Having said that, we all know that the level of opportunities as Stefano said is changing going forward. It's not -- we're not going to make savings, we will make savings, it's just changing. So, we have setup some innovative partnerships already. The partnership we setup with Express Scripts for example is one where we're combining the volume from a PBM with the volume from the Retail Pharmacy. And we continue to look at other ways of making sure that we've got the right scale and mix of partners going into WBAD going forward.I think secondly, the manufacturers are thinking differently as well. And again, we can't talk on their behalf, but you probably have some of the things they have been saying. And we think that our approach to buying in partnership with them and the way that we organize, how we work with them, will continue to give us advantage into the future going forward.Of course, in the future, other markets may open up. We don't know that in reality and we're not banking on that particularly and how we see the plan going forward. But clearly, things will change in one direction and could change again. And having a global perspective and global volumes, we think will give us global opportunities in the future as well.
Alex Gourlay: It's Alex here. Again, I think we've said already. The way that we measure the market internally, we are starting to see some pharmacies close. And I think these numbers are pretty open in the marketplace as well. So, that is bound to happen and not reopen. And so, I think that is a fact you can check obviously out there. I mean secondly, you only have to look at the comments from other competitive marketplaces to see the pressure that we are all feeling in the marketplace.The other side of the coin is that, we continue to believe strongly, the community care and the pharmacy, the physical location in the community with the pharmacist available and accessible, I know is a really great opportunity for not just pharmacies, but for health care, all connected through data, all connected with other health care professionals, all connected to bringing forward new solutions going forward. That's why we are so excited about the work we're doing, not just with Microsoft, but with as Stefano said other relevant partners. For example Verily, we've managed as well and LabCorp. And I can assure you the list could go on in terms of the people who are talking to us and we are talking to them.So, we are really confident about the future of pharmacy. We're really confident that the model that we see today will change, driven by new technologies and the same need that customers and patients have always had which they have a conversation with their local pharmacist in their local community.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you. Thanks Glen. I'll give an example of where we are very comfortable, which is our FedEx partnership. Again, we are seeing the footfall that we expected. We are seeing the halo from our footfall that we expected i.e., new customers to Walgreens and we are also seeing the opportunities to work closely with the FedEx team strategically to develop new customer propositions in the corner drugstore. So that would be one example that we are very comfortable with.And of course, going forward, there'll be other partnerships which are really interesting. We mentioned already the Kroger partnership is going well and the customer reaction has been positive. So again, that's another example where we believe that Kroger are really are experts in food and they can help to really improve our customer proposition and value over time. But time will tell, if we can find the right model that works for both companies and also for customers.
James Kehoe: Okay. Yes. Roughly the -- we had two impacts in the quarter. One was timing. And I would say that's around $0.03 or $35 million is our best estimate. And the other one is whereas we also highlighted in the comments, we're ramping up the amount of spending in store labor and now digital and development expense. So we've increased the spending on the full year by 150 to -- from $150 million to $175 million. There is about a $0.01 of that in the fourth quarter. So think about roughly around $50 million. Around $0.04-ish was it. And when you get to the two timing items, one was $0.02 of the $0.03, but essentially the timing of payer contracts, when you do the compliance and true-up part of you or his outcomes or whether you hit volumes in certain tiers. And that's the normal course of business, but we had expected that in Q4.And then a $0.01 is coming from expense timing. We accelerated some real estate savings from Q4 into Q3. So it was actually one of the quieter quarters in terms of volatility very few surprises. What's interesting here -- maybe I'll take the opportunity. As you start looking out into Q4, because this takes some income out of Q4. Our Q4 targets is actually quite -- when you start working through it, you start working out your estimates. Bear in mind, we had two large onetime items last year. And on an EPS basis, we're cycling through these.The first one is you'll recall there was a large true-up, a curtailment benefit relating to retiree medical. That was $110 million. And then in the prior quarter of last year, we made an adjustment for legal cost which was onetime and that was approximately $60 million. So that's another $0.05. So if you think about it, we have a 10 percentage point headwind on EPS in Q4. So we actually -- if you -- when you dissect Q4, we're looking forward to pretty good improving margin trends on the gross margin. And the headwind is all on the overheads and it's all due to onetime items in the prior year.So I think as you shift through it -- this -- the volatility in Q3 was actually quite low. When you get into Q4, think more that we have two large items last year. So actually, when you analyze the result, the core performance is actually quite -- it's improving quite a bit. I hope that's helped a little bit.
James Kehoe: And just to add though, the calculations are complex. We have to look at the lease portfolio, it's a store-by-store assessment. And the teams are working through 9,500 stores, which is quite the heavy workload. And we just recently confirmed the 200 stores in the U.K. and moving -- we'll move ahead aggressively on that. And it's quite interesting as you go through it, about 60% of the stores in the U.K. that we're closing lose money. Not all of them, but some of the others are very like the Rite Aid optimization. Where there is -- think of it as a fly by. So we closed two stores, close to each other in the U.K. And sometimes they were a five-minute walking distance and they're transferring over to scripts, but you're taking out fixed cost structure.So the calculations are quite complex. It's -- you have to assess are you leaving a trading area, which we generally don't like to do. We want to preserve our presence both in the U.K. and in the U.S. And I would highlight that in the U.K., we highlighted in the comments, we're reducing the store count by 8%. The impact on revenue is around 1%. So I don't want to call that rounding. But it has no strategic impact on our ability to maintain our strength of our position in the U.K. I would actually argue on the contrary. It makes us even stronger, because we're a profitable operator in the U.K. market.
James Kehoe: Yes. I mean, any comments we make on the Q4 margins, these are obviously all factored into our full year guidance. We're just giving you the perspective that we had a tough Q2 on reimbursement, which was one of the highest numbers in history. Q3 was a tough quarter as well. We will -- as we said in the previous call, we will start to see an improving trend in Q4 on the gross margin side, but the caution is to call out those two large onetime items that are putting pressure on overheads. And the good news on that is they don't repeat in the future. It's just impacting Q4.
James Kehoe: Ricky we're going to just comment on current year 2019. We don't want to get into a practice of going back to discussing long-term models or 2020 guidance. What we will be doing is in the next conference call, we will give comprehensive guidance on all of the assumptions around 2020. So, we're not going back to a discussion on the -- we just refer people back to the previous material that we placed out there in Q2.
James Kehoe: Yes. And Ricky just to add in the low single digit Alex refers to includes new molecules. If you strip out new molecules the most recent quarter had at least these are our numbers not market numbers. We had -- we saw deflation of around 9%, right. So, it's still up at a healthy clip and that will support continued savings in generic procurement. And this is -- the prior quarter was 9.4%. So, it's still up there in a healthy high single-digit.Then you were -- the market builds in new molecules. I'm very excited about the supply chain piece here in the U.S. because we now have a team setup looking to shrink so stock office. Whether that's left in-store or at stock office and warehouses. And we're using teams from Microsoft. So, this shows the benefit of the bigger Microsoft agreement. There's data scientists on this who are helping us build data links to understand what is going on and true causes of shrink and how to eliminate it and these are $100 million, $200 million opportunities.And that's without getting into the working capital side of it. So, I don't want that to be lost. Once we have SAP for Hana in place across the 9,500 stores that stock fill a visibility that we don't have today. Now, we expect significant reductions in the level of inventory required to be held at store levels. So, -- and this is a lot [Technical Difficulty] will be huge. So, you would expect that exiting 2020, we're starting to see material reductions in inventory levels.
James Kehoe: Yes, that's a fair point. I think would emphasize the word temporary. So we expect an improvement in Q4 and back to normal levels of funding next year.
James Kehoe: And its 8% of the stores it's 3% I believe of the square footage. So, that the employee impact is much lower than the percentage of stores. And then the revenue impact is much lower because there are less efficient stores. So, it's actually quite logical.And then there's a fair amount of turnover in general in an employee base of -- we have 56,000 people in the U.K. But there's a fair amount of turnover and I think we've seen in the past most you manage the place the majority of people.
James Kehoe: Yes. I think it's a little bit of everything you said actually, because you have to go back on a journey. Q2 was reimbursement pressure which we said I think was exceeded 30% of the full year reimbursement pressure. So, we would've set an unprecedented level. We saw it go back to more normalized level in Q3. But we saw some slowness on the procurement savings in Q3. And we're going to see those -- both of the variables equalize in Q4. So it gets back to -- you can't really look at it as reimbursement. It's reimbursement net of the mitigation. The biggest two are, one is procurement savings and there's being some tuning between Q3 and Q4 there.When you get to volume, I want to highlight, we had a great quarter in Q3. We set some fairly challenging goals internally. Bear in mind, we had script volume for the first half on a comp basis below 2%. So to come in the high fours was something we needed to do it and we need those kind of numbers. That's number one.We're also very pleased with the way retail came in. If you strip it back a little bit, it's down 1.1. We were tracking in the first half of a pretty disappointing 3.5% comp store decline. But the change-on-change is quite impressive. We won't deliver exactly the same numbers, but we will continue to hold onto some of these trend improvements.I think what will happen in Q4 is, you will see a little bit of stabilization of the topline outlook together with some improvement in both businesses on the margin side. So it's a confluence of trends. And I'll highlight again then you've got these two big one-time items in overheads. So, it's too early to call victory in Q4 obviously, but that's where our current expectation has improved gross margins and continued stabilization of scripts and the same-store sales and retail. I hope that helps you as you think through it.
