Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. As you can see from our results, I am pleased to announce that we have delivered another solid performance. With adjusted earnings per share of $1.18 better than original expectations. We have also made further progress in positioning our company for the future. We are continuing to build strong business partnerships across our markets. In the U.S., we have made particularly good progress in developing a closer relationship with payers and PBM. In March, we exercised our first financial warrants in AmerisourceBergen purchasing common stock. We subsequently extended our pharmaceutical distribution and sourcing arrangements by [indiscernible]. ABC has agreed to make certain working capital investments in their relationship, and we proceed with additional capital investment in its distribution network. Our proposed acquisition of Rite Aid is progressing as planned. As you know, we are in the process of seeking a regulatory approval in parallel our integration team is continuing its work on preliminary planning. In June, we completed a $6 billion public bond offering to support the funding of the acquisition. Also in June, I am pleased to report that we achieved our $1 billion synergy goal for fiscal 2016 from Walgreens and Alliance Boots merger. June was quite a busy month for us. We've also changed our senior management responsibility to structure the company in a way that is more efficient following the successful integration of Walgreens Boots Alliance as we move to operating a unified company. To support me in my role we have created Co-Chief Operating Officer, Alex Gourlay and Ornella Barra, who will oversee the day-to-day activities of the company with the support of George Fairweather as Global Chief Financial Officer and Marco Pagni as Global Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel and of course with the continued support of our other senior leaders. Over the past 10 years, Alex and Ornella have established an extremely effective working partnership and that created significant value for our company today. They will be instrumental in driving the operations of our company in the next phase of its evolution. This will allow me to focus even more on driving the growth strategy and developing our company. You can be assured; however, that these change will not in anyway reduce my scrutiny and expectations of our businesses and the team. Since the quarter end as you are seeing the U.K. referendum on Europe has created some uncertainty and volatility in our market. Our businesses and management teams have operated through main business cycles in many markets. Perhaps changes normal and the sign of life. We work with and manage it every day. Less volatility and uncertainty create issues that would be overcome, but they also provide opportunity for our company. It is our job to ensure that we meet these opportunities positively and position and structure our company to its best advantage. As events unfold and the uncertainty in the wider markets leave us all, I'm confident that we will emerge well-positioned as we enter more optimistic times. The progress that we have made to-date gives us a stronger platform from which to drive further efficiency. Meet the challenges of current volatility manual market and the potential wide economic impact these may have in many of the region we work in and puts us in an even better position for the company to deliver long-term success. Now, let me hand over to George.
Stefano Pessina: You can understand. Stefano here. That we cannot comment on a contract. We have been quite clear that there has been some agreement on extending our payment terms and also an agreement on the size of their investments to follow us in our future expansion. So we cannot go further ahead, but of course, if we have extended our agreement by three years and we have committed to take them with our main source for the future, we have done this because we had the right risk for doing it.
Stefano Pessina: I was saying that of course when we do the contract, we were generating multiyear contracts, we analyzed and we made our calculation of the life of the contract. When you see a new contract you don't expect to see the benefits immediately. The benefits will come and it will be of course bigger if we perform well and you will see a growth during the entire life of the contract. So the benefit of all the contract that we will do will be we grow over the next year. Sorry about that.
Stefano Pessina: Oh, we would have a lot of ideas, but I can assure you that we are for the time being we are not taking into consideration because we are very confident that at the end of this deal we will go through. It takes some time, but we knew it. It is normal of this kind of deals which is a complex deal at the end of the day is normal for this kind of deals to take months and months. So I would say that we are on track. Our lawyers are telling us that we don't have any negative signals, and so we are operating on the -- I thought that we will do the deal, you see that we have raised the capital, you see that we have a big team in place starting the integration and they are working hard to prepare the integration. We are trying to find the right buyers for the pharmacy sector for sure we will have to divest and that is it.
Stefano Pessina: Correct. It was consolidated. Now, it's not consolidated anymore because we have 15% of the new company. To be honest, Russia was quite volatile accounting the weather, the results were depending very much on the weather. And those over time, they are all selling business which was really the best part of the supply chain of the chain in Russia earning wise is deteriorated because the pharmacies have become more important -- in the past the pharmacy were not particularly profitable because they -- the cost of the rents was really very, very high. Now the situation is normalized. You can have long-term or medium-term rents with way of extending the rents. And so the pharmacies are becoming the most important and the profitable part of the chain. And so, we had the opportunity to contribute our wholesale to the largest pharmacy chain because we have 1000 pharmacies in 36.6 but 1000 pharmacies also in another chain a five and two chains have merged. And so we have had 15% in the company where we had the reality 2000 pharmacies and the opportunity to buy out the company idea, so we will see what happens in five years and we will take the decision. It is a big opportunity for us because this is the best segment of the distribution in Russia today.
Stefano Pessina: You have to devaluation of the ruble, you will remember that the ruble has lost quite a lot versus the dollar. And so, the impact has been really low.
Stefano Pessina: We still believe that our initial estimate is correct. We still believe that at the end we will stay in the range of these stores that we initially indicated around 500. And time wise, we still believe that we will be able to really do the deal -- finish the deal by the end of this financial -- calendar year as we said. So by December, we believe that everything will be done. But of course, it doesn't depend on us, FTC will let us know when they are ready.
Stefano Pessina: Very, very difficult to say. The situation is very volatile at this time. For sure, the period of uncertainty will be quite long whatever happens because even if the U.K. will leave the Euro, it cannot happen overnight, it will take at least two years. And the consequence of it will be much longer than two years. So, I believe that once the emotional impact is gone, things will settle down and we will have an idea of what is happening, but for now really -- it's really too early, too soon we have seen in the stores days -- very good days, bad. So in a few months probably we will be able to say something.
Stefano Pessina: We cannot go even because at the end of the day, we don't know exactly, how many stores and where. We have an idea but we don't know exactly. So, for time being it's really too early.
Stefano Pessina: For the time being, we don't have the feeling, our lawyers don't have this feeling. If this will happen, we will see and we will try to understand why the process become so long because if there are just technical reasons of course we will wait. If it is a symptom of something which is going not in the right decision that we will take a decision at the time. But I repeat for the time being, we are -- our lawyers are very quite optimistic, I would say optimistic.
Stefano Pessina: When we will conclude the deal with Rite Aid then we will see what to do. Of course, we are to take into consideration that we have a good confident and fantastic relationship with Rite Aid. So we will analyze what to do at the right time.
Stefano Pessina: Substantially, this quarter we have taken some provisions that we have made before in the previous quarter for the bulk of it. Being prudent and now we have released it. So overall for the year, this is the real -- substantially the real tax rate and the real dollars that we have paid in tax that we will pay in tax.
George Fairweather: We haven't, since the formation of Walgreens Boots Alliance published any targets relating to this. Our focus is obviously on growing our overall profits we're focused on improving our retail gross margin, which I talked about in my presentation. And then on the pharmacy side, we've talked about very clearly that our focus is on growing our profitability on pharmacy in a way linked to building our volume we're clearly pleased with the share gains that we have announced today, which is really continuing the trend we've seen for some time.
George Fairweather: This is George. I think as we said before in terms of currency translation, a 1% movement in the volume of pound versus the U.S. dollar is approximately $0.01 impact on adjusted EPS.
George Fairweather: I mean it's an part working out income is it's very, very small in relation to the size of WBA where we will see an impact is obviously in the sales being a low margin wholesale, the wholesale business, the sales were just under $700 million historically just to give you a size, but that's why we are showing comparable sales on a constant currency basis excluding M&A so that you can really understand the clear performance of wholesale. But really in actual profit contribution terms, this is pretty immaterial.
George Fairweather: I think there is a bunch of factors coming into this. Obviously, the tax rate has come in a little bit lower as I talked about in my presentation. I think the most important point I would make is obviously we are continuing as we have -- if you look at the guidance we set out at the beginning of the year our ability to continue to raise the lower end really at the time when we've been able to cope with currency moving in the wrong direction for us in translation really I think illustrates the strength of the -- overall strength of the business. Really not a huge amount more I can add to that at this stage.
George Fairweather: Yes. I think obviously we're in this transition period for sure as I spoke about before. We are seeing nice improvements in the operating margin and in the gross margin within that. And the expense of some sales lost and [indiscernible] some seasonal cash because we've actually fundamentally overbought. The next phase is to really start to drive sales particularly in beauty that would be progressive over a period of time. And actually this summer into the autumn season you start to see the comps gradually improve quarter-by-quarter. But the key thing really that we keep on repeating is the comps are important but always going to be relatively low in reality in that mature market where we are really shifting the mix the important thing is the operating margin and that's the thing that we've been consistently focused on over the past couple of years and we are pleased with the progress we're making there and we are seeing more progress in the future.
George Fairweather: Fundamentally, there was a small amount of discrete items. Typically, obviously, one is prudent and doing provisioning, and then, when one is able to agree numbers with various tax authorities, then one has to discrete items. But fundamentally, we've been doing a lot of work looking at our underlying tax rate. And exactly, what the quite complex structure that we got in place, what is the real underlying rate we've been quite conservative in the first part of the year on this. While, we are doing this work and really the numbers that we have seen in the quarter if you look at the year-to-date as we said in my presentation that really gives us a true reflection of what the rate would be with this mix of profits at the currency rates that we've seen in this year-to-date. So I think it's -- I think you should really look at it as the clear rate. Clearly, if we then -- our going forward, the mix changes and clearly it will change with Rite Aid coming in being U.S.-based and the U.S. being obviously one of the highest tax countries in the mix of where we trade and you will see the tax rate going up and reflecting mix but only mix.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Lisa. Its Alex here. I mean we have had a great relationship with Optum on the cash for many years, so this is very strong historically and as improved in the last period as you have seen. They are doing a nice job I think in the market with their offer. And we are helping particularly with the slight maintain program which gives the customer the choice to go to mail order or augment to their retail. And we believe from the evidence we have seen before the retails are very good option for customers and so does Optum. So with that relationship and with the contract we have in place, to support it, we are working with them on a commercial basis, and we are doing a nice job in winning contracts, which obviously we're very pleased about. Going forward, we hope to see them continue to be successful, and we hope to be their partner commercially for the region for long-term as we have been in the past. So when they win, I believe that we win as we have done in the past we will do in the future.
Alex Gourlay: It is really too early. I mean most of these contracts as you know -- all these contract start in 1 January. The focus that we have are part of the deal is to make sure we give a great customer experience. So they are health plan members as they come into Walgreens so that we can actually make sure that we pill through the customers and they stick with us. And I think that is Richard and the team have done a great job in the last period as you've seen by our volume increase and by our gradual increase in market share. So we're confident that when we win contracts, we can win more than our fair share, but our job is to make sure we do that by providing great service and care in the pharmacy.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Robert. It is Alex here. So, I think as George said in the script, we are on plan. The majority of the $1.5 million as George said comes from the USA pharmacy business. We had a comprehensive program and our program is on track and delivering to plan. We see more opportunities going forward and the team here in the USA and also across the rest of the group will continue to drive a more efficient business we can and build more cost plans. And we will give an update at the end of the year in terms of how that plan is going and it's a major part of our strategy to use that scale, user efficiency both in the U.S. and globally to make sure that we are cost-effective pharmacy retailer particularly here in the USA.
Alex Gourlay: I guess -- Alex again. I think it's about partnership philosophy. We worked really well across all of these plans. We've always had a strong relationship with United and that continues. And as we've continue to offer our strong ethos into our store network, the right value, the 90-day retail option in terms of Part D, we've been able to win more contracts and we've been able to get into some of the more narrow networks which are forming actually in the marketplace. So I would put that into partnership and delivering really well in stores. It's a very important segment for us. The market is growing faster than rest of the market, we will continue to go up because of the aging population and our 90-day retailers really, really popular with our population. So partnership and focus is the reasons why we are winning and we will continue to do both as best we can.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, it's Alex here. We see this on plan. So there has been constant reimbursement pressure in the market, we've spoken about this constantly. And we see that pressure going forward we been very open about this -- as the market consolidates and the mix. Remember, we focus on operating margin and that really is the number we pay attention to here. So using our very large fixed assets go into more 90-day we're dispensing once around three times is a very important part of that and also the growth of specialty which is lower margin in terms of percent but higher dollars is another feature of the marketplace. So overall, we are comfortable with where we are and we're comfortable with the strategy we're driving to focus on operating profit rather than just gross margin.
Alex Gourlay: No. I just think that the market is growing through the aging population. So that's why med-D is the fastest growing channel as is all of that people are putting together more comparative offers both in terms of price, but also in terms of care and performance. And that comes as well. So I think that's the driving, is really the market has been driven always by the customer and it's a growth market. So therefore, if you are able to provide the right value through a good cost structure which I think we have through the scale, we have here in the USA and the buying power we have globally. And then, you are able to have the right relationship and partnerships, you can take advantage of the fastest growing channel which is med D in a net profitable way and that is what we're doing. So I don't think one or the other to be honest George, I think it's about our market change and we are just positioning ourselves and was a very important market segment for our model and one we are very well positioned to continue to win.
Alex Gourlay: It is Alex, again, here. Yes, we are satisfied and pleased with performance in the dermatology business the volume is as we expected. And remember, we have paid for the service we provide. We're not paid on the margin mix here at all. So we're satisfied the relationship is good. We know Joe well from the past from Pagel where the group had a very good relationship with Joe and Pagel. And we are in constant dialogue with Joe and the management team. Which you see their situation and we are very willing to help them in a positive way. So it's early days a 20-year contract and from our point of view we are pleased. We want to help our partner to be more successful in market.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Eric. It is Alex here. And obviously, from the past, I know the U.K. pretty well and I've caught up with the team in the last two days. So this is a deeper conversation about what you call a global some in the U.K., which is the amount of money they pay our pharmacy a combination of drop cost and services. And the government is keen to get more value from pharmacy and that's a negotiation that has commonly been carried out. It's not just for boots but it's for the whole market. Boots has around about 1/5 of the market in the U.K. pharmacy. It is not typical, we have lived with these sort of pressure and these requests for very many, many years both in the U.K. and Europe and we are used to dealing with it. But there is a particular phase we are going through but that request is slightly deeper, and obviously, the industry is working together to try and give the government the best answer we can.
Alex Gourlay: I think there's always more opportunity. As you remember, we are investing quite a lot in our core IT systems right now both in retail and a program that is about six months in and also the pharmacy where we are redoing our pharmacy system over the next five years. These too are not far from working capital benefits, we will clearly make the whole supply chain more efficient and allow us to remove a lot of non-customer facing activity out of the drugstores and save money and also put more hours into customer care, which is part of our strategy to become more differentiated in health, wellness and beauty care and pharmacy. So I think there is a significant investment going in, the Board find itself only a couple of months ago really and we are very confident the programs are well set up and we've got the global expertise both here in America and Europe apply to these two very important programs here in the U.S. We will update you on what that means in the future as it becomes clearer about the benefits that we see coming through. We have already -- going back to the first question starting with minimum wage, we've already in the back room we have already for most lower pay people in stores improved the base salary. We've done that already that's already in the cost you see and we will continue to improve minimum wage against the market, putting very cost regions in the market. Second to that, we are also upscaling our people. For example, we're through with a lot of differentiation. We are putting in place a number of beauty consultants in our top 2000 stores who have got deeper expertise and more knowledge and more ability to take care and drive up sales appropriately with customers. That's another investment we're making in labor cost in our stores but with a very clear return on our investment. So, we are feeling good about where we are on these two investments. With the overtime, we studied this very carefully, we have a solution very clearly mapped out and we'll announce that solution at the appropriate time and it's one that will be both good for people and cost effective to our shareholders.
Alex Gourlay: Consumables is really important to driving traffic. Particularly, the fill-in shop effectively which is becoming really important to customers across America and we believe that Walgreens in particular can play a much broader role in that. We've only had dates with cards -- bonus or reward cards for just about three years. And now, we are seeing very clearly the opportunities for the fill-in machine. And we are now constructing our offer across, I mean these cash including toiletries that we believe will offer the right brands at the right price not the lowest price, but the right price, I mean on that walk. And it will be different by types of stores for sure and that is quite a complicated piece to get done, but we are well on the journey and you will see that coming through in the months and years ahead. It's very important to our plan. Obviously, we're trying to create destination -- more destination beauty and that plan has already been executed in one third of the stores as we speak. And there will be more to come once we get these stores complete and healthcare has always been a very important casket to us and we continue to drive that casket pretty well. So that's how we see driving football back into a drugstore. Apparently, it's really football, it's the omni-channel, is really important to see that in the U.K., the U.K. team has done a really nice job in the U.K. market here to join our pad, the supply chain and make our effective customers, clearly we can share and borrow some of best practice from Europe and we intend to do that.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Alvin. It's Alex here. Again, just a couple of things tied to what Stefano said. I think historically Boots has been very solid through difficult times. But it tends to over perform the market during recessions or slowdowns because it's got a strong beauty business and people still buy into beauty even in tough times and that's been historically the case. So we feel that that's important. And this is still broadly positioned both in beauty and in healthcare in the U.K., the team have done a nice job there to keep it strong and the model still very strong. So, I think if any retail business is positioned to do okay during these uncertain times, as Stefano talked about I think it is the Boots brand in the U.K.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Charles. Its Alex. We have had these products in different tests and trials in New York and more importantly in Phoenix, which is a more normal market for us in terms of stores for 18 months. And we're really seeing two effects, we are seeing bigger baskets across the beauty spend from customers, I'm seeing more repeat customers coming back with particularly No7 skincare in the basket. And these numbers we extrapolated with costs. We also looked at different models of investment from people point of view and investment fixturing. And we created what we thought was a most customer perspective and importantly the best model for return to our shareholders. And as we are implementing right now the summer and roundabout 1600 more stores. And we are very confident because we have seen these customer behaviors more in the basket and coming back more often, specifically for No7 skincare, consistently for 18 months. So that's what we have seen and that's how we have measured it. And clearly, we have long-term goals to shift the mix to more owned and home brands in the U.S. business and this is a start of our journey particularly in the important beauty categories.
Alex Gourlay: The intention is to grow the brand. So we have good distribution and target and have had for many years and have good relationship and we have distribution growing and also we are doing a nice job with other brands in many other people's brands to be fair to them, that we are doing a good job. So from our point of view, they are different channels to Walgreens. Walgreens is a drugstore channel and the customers -- some customers do swap across both, of course, they do, but we have so much opportunity with Walgreens was 6 million customers about 20% of them are what we call look good, feel good customers who are prepared to buy more beauty products from Walgreens. And that's what we're focused on in the Walgreens channel. The rest of the team led by Kane, who heads up our brands division for WBA are focused on building the brands and across America and building good relationships with the partners outside of Walgreens is a very clear strategy and one where we want to be successful in both and that's what we intend to do.
