Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. As you have heard, this was a good quarter despite both currency and operational challenges. It is our fourth quarter and what I believe has been an extremely good year as whole for the Company. That said, the work that we have been doing to control cost, reduce waste and return our business to a path of growth has been showing marked effects for some time. For the past eight quarters however, we have grown our adjusted net earnings over the comparable prior period. In fiscal 2014, if you make basic adjustment trading that 55% of Alliance Boots not reflected in the historical published results. We would have generated an estimated $3.9 billion of adjusted net earnings. As we reported $5 billion of adjusted net earnings in fiscal 2016, this could represent an increase of approximately 28% over the last two fiscal years on a reported currency basis. This is a compound annual growth rate of around 13% it also represents an annual increase of over 15% on a constant currency basis. In addition, we have delivered $10.9 billion of free cash flow over the same period. While I believe that this is impressive by any measure, it is not solely due to the merger that created Walgreens Boots Alliance. We have continued to see aggressive operations growth across the Company, which has been a significant driver of our strong financial performance. This success has been achieved despite it having been a very busy time. Let’s take a moment to remind ourselves of everything that we have achieved in the past year. In the U.S., we launched significant initiatives to advance our retail and pharmacy offering. These included investing in the customer acquisitions especially in beauty to differentiate Walgreens as a retailer. We also reset our relationship with healthcare payers and PBM and work to develop closer partnership as a platform for our future. Examples of these strategic partnerships include our new 90-day prescription agreement with OptumRx and EnvisionRx, our announced agreement with Express Scripts, and our innovative partnership with Prime Therapeutics. These close partnerships are central to our strategy of increasing volumes to our pharmacies and driving footfall to our stores. We strengthened our relationship with AmerisourceBergen, exercising both tranches warrants, understanding our pharmacy sale distribution and sourcing agreement. This move further cements the strong and collaborative working relationship our companies have built together over the past three years. Our pending acquisition of Rite Aid continues to progress as George said. Globally, we continue to expand our reach and presence. In Russia, we divested our retail [ph] business and as part of the deal retained a strategic stake in the country’s leading health and beauty retailer. And in South Korea, we signed an agreement to form a franchise relationship with one of the Company’s leading retailers. At the Company level, we reached and surpassed our $1 billion synergies goal of ours from the WBA merger and further progressed cost saving goal of $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal year 2017. At the same time, we changed the role and responsibilities of our senior management team to structure our leadership more efficiently and move to operating a truly unified Company. Looking forward to 2017, we expect to face the same headwinds we encountered this year but with some additional factors that are going to likely change the profile for the year. We are entering a period where we need to consolidate much of the recent activities in the Company. We must ensure we are properly positioned to get the full benefit of our work to-date as expected volume increases from our new commercial agreement begin to flow to our U.S. pharmacies and global procurement network. Additional benefit will come as our retail transformation work accelerates and compounds the expected increase in traffic that flows through our stores with this agreement. We therefore expect a differentiating for the year-end with anticipated growth skewed significantly toward the second half of the year, but as you have heard from George, we are expecting the year as a whole to continue our record of healthy growth. We believe this saving is a temporary phenomenon as we see our work to transform the Company ahead and increase impact. Transformation and integration if done properly is never instant or easy, but we are progressing well. While we are delivering on the policies of the merger, we are also building strong foundation, based on establishing an outstanding team and structuring our Company for growth in core business especially Walgreens. We are doing this without losing sight of the global opportunities and are preparing the Company to play an even greater goal of healthcare awards in the U.S. and around the world. Thank you. Now, I will hand you back to Gerald.
Stefano Pessina: Lisa, this is really our strategy, it’s always been our strategy. We want to partner with as many people as possible. And when people understand this, they accept that we are on the market and we have to offer our best services to everybody within the market. If you don’t really accept, you as an operator of the market, if you don’t accept this concept of collaboration, sooner or later, you are isolated and you cannot really exploit your potential at best. When we have announced some of these deals, of course we have spoken to the other customers that we have, the other PBMs and we have explained [ph] which is our logic, and we have explained that we are willing to help collaborate with everybody. And you have seen that in few months, we have been able to announce agreement, special collaboration practically with most of the operators in the sector. This is a strategy, a strategy which has always worked for us in the past in other countries, and I believe will work also in the U.S. Of course, as George said, every time that we do something new, every time that we propose an agreement [ph] or take into consideration an agreement which is proposed by one of our customers, we are running the numbers in a very disciplined way considering of course everything, considering the volume, considering the discount, considering the work that we can extract more from our suppliers if anything, considering the increased efficiencies of the pharmacies. And then, at the end, we decide whether we can do this particular kind of the deal or not. And of course we are very conscious that when we come with an innovative deal or with a partnership on the market, we have to be prepared to offer similar things to other people. I believe that this is a beauty of being independent. We can work with everybody and we can offer our services to everybody. And we are not seen as particularly skewed toward this or that player in the market.
Stefano Pessina: I’d say that yes. I agree with you that it is taking more than we expected, but I have to tell you that as you have seen from our presentation and from the fact that we have included some part of Rite Aid potential profit in our guidance, from this you can really understand that we are confident, as confident as we were before about this deal. Nothing has changed. We have just a delay in the execution of the deal. This is our perception. We have always been optimistic because we have never seen an attitude from the FTC which was absolutely negative. Of course, they were requiring, they were asking a lot of questions, sometimes they were taking time to respond. But at the end of the day, I believe we have had a good collaboration; we are having a good collaboration. We try to respond to the all of their needs. This takes time. But at the end, we are still confident. Of course I know that we read on the paper very different news. No idea about the sources of this news but for sure if we could talk and of course you know that we cannot, our view will be different. For what we see today, we see just a long administrative process but we don’t see substantial differences from what we were expecting. Yes, probably more stores, a little more stores here and there. But at the end of the day, as far as I can see today, as far as we can see today, we are absolutely confident that we can create, that we can do the deal and we can create the value. Just these values will be a little postponed on time because if and when we will do the deal, of course for the first month, we will not be able to start immediately the synergies; it will take some time. And we were hoping to do the deal at the beginning of this fiscal year for us. In this case, we would have had time to develop some of the synergies. Of course, if we could close the deal relatively late in our fiscal year, the synergies will be small but we will find all of them next year.
Stefano Pessina: And next year, of course, we will have the big task of extracting value from Rite Aid. This would be another huge opportunity for saving costs.
Stefano Pessina: As we have said in our presentation, in constant currency, in the last two years, we have delivered a compound growth of more than 15% in earnings on a comparable basis. So, this is independent on the acquisition of AB because we have restated pro forma. This is independent on the number of shares. Practically we have not had any acquisition in the meantime, excluding AB, acquisition contributed much in the last two years. We have also divested something. So, the real growth, the underlying growth of our Company in the last two years has been 13% if we consider the effect of the devaluation of the pound sterling, more than 15% in constant currency. And we have always said that we can deliver underlying double-digit growth, low double-digit growth, and this is what we are doing. And this is what are focused on.
Stefano Pessina: Well, we are not able to give the details. First of all, I’ll repeat again, we don’t know in detail all data of Rite Aid. And it’s early time for us to take these decisions and that of course even if we them, we could not disclose them. So, it’s too early. In a few months, probably we will be able to discuss about this.
George Fairweather: We obviously don’t comment on individual contracts, but I think what we’ve tried to indicate, as I’ve said in my prepared comments is that we expect the volume to increase in the second half of the year as we look forward relative to the increase that we would anticipate in the first half, because it takes time for obviously contracts to come through. In terms of Rite Aid, obviously, we cannot make comments at this point, as I’m sure you’ll appreciate.
George Fairweather: I think, remember, our big focus is on growing our operating income, our overall income and our cash flow. So, in terms of reimbursement pressures, it’s something that we’ve seen in the past; it will continue to happen. We’ve got to continue to drive efficiencies. It’s got to be a way of life. So, really this is what we’re focusing on and offering our customers a competitive offer and then being very financially disciplined in a way that we can drive our overall shareholder value. So in terms of thinking about -- and that’s how I would really encourage you to think. We are absolutely focused on operating profit. That’s what we are doing, in summary.
George Fairweather: On the program, overall, as I’ve said, we’re very much on track overall. The big change really from where we were a year ago, has really been that we were able to deliver this for $300 million less than we previously anticipated of which -- quite a portion of that will be true cash savings. So, we’re very pleased that we’ve been able do this. And we’re very much track to complete the program next year. It’s very much a defined program with the start and the finish. But of course, there are always ways to drive efficiencies. It’s just a way of life for us. We’re looking at it every day across all aspects of our business and we’ll continue to drive to do that. And clearly some of the investment that you’re seeing in capital in some of the areas like IT will take us a little bit of time to get some f the new systems in place that will further enable us to both drive efficiencies and drive -- and to manage the business in an increasingly more-tighter way.
George Fairweather: Just to remind Bob, and as I said in the presentation there, SG&A in the USA as a percentage of sales fell 0.9 percentage points. And I think that’s the best evidence really of what we’re delivering. And just to add to the question on capital, I haven’t obviously given any specific guidance on capital for fiscal 2017. But in terms of thinking, I would expect it to be a little bit higher than we’ve seen in fiscal 2016, which is really reflecting some of the initiatives that we’ve got to develop the offer that we talked about as well as the investment in the new IT that we’re working on.
George Fairweather: This is our view of it, which is why we’ve included on -- our accretion is built on our economics, which is the way we’ve built the model up. And really to emphasize a little bit of what Alex just said on the synergy -- Stefano was saying, synergies will take some time to come through as ever when we approach a merger like this, our focus is always on the customer first to make sure that we deliver for the customer through this period. And we’ve got a very detailed plan to deliver the synergies. But as we said, this will take three to four years. The important thing is to go in a straight line, but it does very much reflect our view on the timing and the time it will take to start to deliver the synergies.
George Fairweather: Absolutely, it’s in our guidance. David made the announcement just a few hours ago, just orally, but it was very consistent with what we’ve been anticipating, so, no surprises there.
George Fairweather: Well, I think the overall goal obviously as we’ve said is to focus on our operating income and cash flow. In terms of thinking as we’ve tried to sort of shape, you should think as we develop the new partnerships that we are able to build our pharmacy, our pharmacy volume, and as we said that we expect that to be -- the group to be faster in the second half of the year and you can think then about taking that beyond, as we said a lot of the new partnerships coming around the end of this calendar, beginning of the next calendar. There is obviously then the function of your views on inflation and then on mix, and of course with very different profile in somewhere like our central specialty versus our core pharmacy, there is an element of mix comes through there and that will obviously change over time. And then -- but we will continue to see the reimbursement pressures that are just very much a way of life. In terms of retail, a lot of our focus has been on developing the offer, as Alex has said, both in terms of the actual offer in store, our own brands; leading U.S. brand or we’re doing on omni-channel. And so, a lot of our focus is being on working our way through getting ready for that. You should start to see the benefits of that coming through over time, focusing on the offer over time, then we believe we will be able to grow. But we are looking to grow in the right categories, which is very important and so mix is very important. And we know mix is important way of managing the margin, the gross margin in the retail products, part of the U.S. business. And so we’d expect to see the benefits of that coming through over time. And then on cost, as we say, as we drive efficiency, then we’re certainly very focused on continuing to improve our cost ratios. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales is a key area of focus. Again, we would be seeking to see that progressing. So, these really are the core drivers of what should drive the profit. I’m particularly talking obviously Retail Pharmacy USA.
George Fairweather: Our overall growth is really as we target really is in terms of generating profit. It’s the goal we really talked about just over this time a year ago from our underlying activities to seek to drive profit around the double-digit level and assuming there are no extraneous factors. So, I mean currency would be a good example of an extraneous factor, where there is not a lot we can do on currency translation, it can go one way one year, another way another year. But fundamentally, that’s what we’re focused on is driving profit, and then from core activities, and then obviously shareholder enhancing transactions like the Rite Aid deal. And also at the same time, we are very focused -- and I know it’s a little old fashioned, but we’re very focused on cash flow, because cash flow is an engine for growth in the long-term. You see we’ve made good progress on working capital this year. And this really lets us invest, it lets us over time in M&A, and enables us to continue to drive shareholder value.
George Fairweather: Okay. I’ll take the tax one first and then let Alex take the second one. In terms of tax, we’ve obviously not given specific guidance for fiscal 2017 on tax. But in terms of thinking about it, if you strip out the discrete items, as I talked about last year, then our real underlying tax pre-Rite Aid last year was -- our underlying tax last year was 26.3% on an adjusted basis. That’s obviously excluding the ABC income because of course that gets reported on a post-tax basis. So, it’s quite -- in terms of modeling, we always model and think about it the way I’ve just described excluding ABC. If you think of that 26.3%, then excluding Rite Aid, that’s a fairly good proxy for what it should be going forward because pre-Rite Aid, the mix will be broadly the same. In terms of Rite Aid, you’re absolutely right. With Rite Aid, as the proportion of profit increases from the Rite Aid deal once we’re able to complete it, then we will see a higher portion of profit here in the USA and of course here the tax rates are higher than in most parts of Europe where the rest of the business operates. But of course this year, given the accretion that we’ve indicated that will be a relatively modest impact.
Alex Gourlay: Hi. Good morning, Bob. It’s Alex here. Obviously, we’re really pleased to have this volume coming through. The majority, as I think George has said is coming through early part of calendar year next year apart from Tricare which we expect to start to fall on November the 1st. The team has done a lot of planning here to make sure we take care of customers when they appear back in Walgreens. It’s something new to Walgreens. And obviously as the year progresses, we’ll be able to get a better feel on our ability to both get customers back into Walgreens and hold on to them. And remember, many of these new contracts are narrow [ph] but some are actually pretty broad, [ph] the Tricare contract for example, so has [ph] the vast majority of pharmacies in the U.S. in that contract. So, we’ve been -- what we think is a good estimate from what we know into the forecast and if things change, as George has said, we’ll update you.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, we have a lot of confidence in terms of our ability to deliver both these strategies. So, the first one is speaking about the new volume, where we are giving better value to volume. But we believe that we’ve seen already with the Med-D work in the past, this really is accretive to our model. And again, as I said, I think the previous question to Bob, most of these contracts start in January 1st. So, we see the majority of the volume, as George has said in the second half of our fiscal year, which I think starts in March of next year. So that will start to build out. And then we’ve built solid plans on what we know about the market and what our great partners help us to build this business have told us about their networks. And some of the selling season is happening right now; you’ll see some more which we announce particularly [ph] through days and the weeks ahead. On the frontend strategy, this is a multi-year multi-phase approach. We’ve put 1,600 new beauty departments on the ground, not complete but new in terms of the brands that George mentioned, particularly No7 and Soap & Glory of this phase with new lighting, importantly upgraded training and development of our consultants to give the customers the information they need. And this is on the ground based on the trials we did before. Now, majority of this work will phase in over a two or three-year period in reality but you should expect the ongoing improvements to margin -- gross margin through 2017 and the years ahead. Remember that we focus our business on the whole box; we focus our business on operating margin including costs and of course an adjusted net earnings. All of this work is designed to drive all elements of profitability within the box of Walgreens. And we are very confident with what we are doing and the pace is accelerating.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. I mean, I think we’ve spoken of this for since we’ve been here with some expansion in Europe where reimbursement pressure really does come through the supply chain. And in fact, you’ll probably see if you read the UK papers, this morning the government’s claimed [ph] a major announcement and confirmed what we expected was a supply chain pressure and reimbursement coming through in the UK business as we planned for and as we expected. So, we are quite used to this pressure. Again, if you think back to what Stefano and George said, we are working really close with AmerisourceBergen, they’re proving to be strong partners to help us to not just improve our availability to make sure we take care of customers, which is driving our volume but to make sure we do that in a really efficient and integrated and more innovative way going forward. So, we feel confident that we can use our scale, use our partnerships, use our knowledge and knowhow from Europe to be in a good position in what we expect to be continued supply chain pressure.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, specifically on Prime, Lisa, I think this is a joint venture which we will get on in the first few months of next year. We have also good relationship with Prime and the team of Prime through Jim. And we’re getting closer, which is fantastic. But fundamentally, we’re combining our central specialty in a joint venture operation. So, we use the efficiencies that we can bring together to the market and we can buy there together in that area as well. So that’s what [ph] we’re doing here on the course by doing that through the PBM, which is owned by the Blue through Prime, we hope to be able to over time when we get that efficiency in it, attract more patients and more customers. This is a build out strategy, a classic example of this sort of partnership approach that Stefano described.
Alex Gourlay: Sure, Michael. Yes. I think as I said before and I think as people know, we have quite a successful digital team and app [ph] for seven years I think as now annually quick fill continues, refilling prescriptions continues to be a breakthrough app that we continue to develop along with the mobile, which we continue to develop and we get absolutely fit for the modern customer and we continue to get score [ph] as a team frankly and it’s a great platform for us. We obviously transformed graphic [ph] business here in the U.S. and to that approach a couple of years ago when we transferred [indiscernible] as well. So to next question, I think as your question, well, we closed operations for Beauty and Drugstore.com and it’s been done successfully. The focus is really on the retail product business. We announced last Monday order online [ph] to store or Ship to Store in 7,600 clock stores including Duane Reade. And success we’ve built in again the Boots business, sharing of knowledge between frontend and the UK is really important part of our journey here. So, we continue to invest behind the digital team. We are a very strong team in my view, very impressive team. And we’re very confident with the platforms we have and knowhow we have and know we’re focusing back on volumes, health and beauty strategy, particularly in the frontend to become the entry gate omni-channel retailer where we have a lot of room to go. And while the rest of it is very clear, we understand the risk very well. We believe with [Indiscernible] corners across America and this capability, we are pretty well-positioned.
Alex Gourlay: We don’t really think about [indiscernible] what we’re focused on is two elements of growing our business. One which we’ve seen in the last period which is a combination of access [indiscernible] growing channel but really through delivering for customers. Customer experiences [ph] for us in our pharmacies have moved and a big credit to Richard Ashworth and all of the teams involved and Brad, [ph] because that really has been a big shift in how we’ve been able to take care of customers in our pharmacies. That really has been a driver of the recent share you’ve seen in the past and we will be completely focused on continuing to do that. And secondly, it’s definitely still [indiscernible] We want to make sure that the people who are paying for these prescriptions with customers and payers, we just make sure we get the right understanding of what we want for the networks that we’re in and that’s what we’re trying to do in different ways and we have all sorts of different ways as we’re demonstrating of getting that done. So, we do really, customer-by-customer and peer-by-peer and also network-by-network to make sure that we can grow our business. We’re early in this strategy, to be honest. We’re early in this strategy and we are still learning how to really drive it and make it work. And we remain confident that we’ll learn a lot this year with the ambitions we have and analyze [ph] to have access back into Walgreens that didn’t have access before and again we’ll continue to evaluate [ph] goals going forward.
Alex Gourlay: Ricky, as you know, we agree what we disclosed with the partners that [Indiscernible] we haven’t disclosed anything outside of Tricare. So, we can’t disclose anything else this morning.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. See, margin is expected -- clearly there is pressure in the margin and Med-D because the volume’s growing stable and as we expected. And the mix as you can see in our book-of-business is shifting. So, therefore that’s what’s driving further pressure on the margin.
Alex Gourlay: That’s correct. I mean there is the trend only [ph] year-after-year on these annual contracts but the trend is not any clear than it was in the past as we expected.
Alex Gourlay: I would say that as a company we now actively manage both these elements. I think as George described well in script on the frontend, we are actively managing the seasonal capacities, some historic stock and also we’re managing out of some product lines, particularly again in the consumables and seasonal items, which as we manage more into getting more space as appropriate over trying to help, and really the biggest example being clearly space for in 1,600 stores for extended beauty ranges. [Ph] So, we are actively managing that. We are managing, again as we said, operating margin level, maybe through a box in terms of the question on reimbursement pressure. Again, we are actively managing it. We’ve spoken very clearly that we recognize and predict the trend. We saw conversations much earlier and much more strategically with peers if they call it to broaden the team from [indiscernible] strategy. We do this very actively now to understand how we can help them grow and help ourselves grow. And we are very confident that we can grow, particularly when you look at adjusted operating profit within the box, ticking both these parts. So, I don’t think we can see any more than that to be honest, because obviously we keep these things tight within the business for obvious reasons but we are actively managing it. That’s what we do, that’s what we’re paid, to be honest.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. We can’t speak about the contracts of any of big peers; we can’t talk about obviously for obvious reasons. They will pursue it exactly the same way that Stefano described. We want to operate with everyone in the marketplace in a way that works for them and works for us.
Alex Gourlay: I can’t give you specifics. But what I can say is that taking workload, particularly at out of our 8,200 drugstores is a big part of the cost program. And we are very pleased with the progress we made on our internal measure, independent internal measure to be honest on customer care, as we really move forward, despite the fact that we’ve held costs in the drugstores more or less flat this year. So, we are very confident that we can move that cost to give better advice [ph] and care, as George described, in the beauty model. And that would drive incremental sales and of course better margins for us as we’ve seen in the trials. So, we are very focused, as George said on costs, but we’re also very focused on reinvesting our cost back where customers appreciate it.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. That was my comment and I think it has been -- announced this morning, we had this morning from the UK. And George will -- I think also it’s in the guidance. 
Alex Gourlay: On the tobacco, the tobacco comments that George made in his script, we’ll continue to obviously minimize and reduce visibility to tobacco in our drug stores but more importantly we’ll continue to help customers to stop smoking through the various platforms, smoke efficient platforms and pharmacies online and with the key suppliers put in place, for example Balance Rewards for healthy choices as one example. But you should expect that we’ll continue to see reducing sales in tobacco category in Walgreens going forward.
Alex Gourlay: I am sorry. Beyond the market data that’s available, we can’t give that number. And as I said before, it’s an effect of the market as well as the effect of what we’re doing. So, we are just -- it’s just getting what we’re doing. And as said also, we’ll give you more updates.
