Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. Hello, everybody. Today, we are announcing another solid financial performance, both in the fourth quarter and for the full-year as a wholeI’m particularly pleased with the strong full-year adjusted earnings per share growth, up 18%, meaning that we have delivered mid-teens compound annual growth since WBA’s inception. A significant feature of our growth has been our strong cash generation, which continued to develop well this year. These strong and resilient cash flows stem from the important role that our pharmacy businesses play in national health care systems and in the daily lives of our customers. I believe true customer focus will be key to our future. Focusing on our customers and their needs will drive growth. And with that in mind, it is very encouraging to see the continued market share gain here in the USA, as we continue to deploy the benefits of scale in part to offset the inevitable pressures that occur as demand for healthcare continue to grow. The team in the U.S. has continued to make good progress on a number of initiatives, notably with the work to integrate the stores that we acquired from Rite Aid, which the team are delivering on schedule and on budget. James will update you on that in a moment. Of course, we have also made a significant progress in the formation and development of partnerships and alliances, as you have seen from our announcements in the past weeks, including the announcement of our expanded partnerships with LabCorp. This is all part of our strategic initiative to transform our offering, organization and infrastructure to be fit for the future. We believe in true partnerships that share resources, skills and expertise and either accelerate our own work or bring us capabilities that we could not easily or economically develop ourselves. You will hear about these partnerships once James has taken us through the numbers. So with that, I will hand over to James.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you. As you can see from our results, our businesses have mostly done a good job of growing or at least holding their own in a tough year in many of our markets. As a company, we have improved year-on-year on our headline financial measures. We have, as usual, built on the respectable operating performance with further scale and financial efficiencies to maximize returns for our shareholder, while investing, as appropriate, for future growth. We have continued to improve the operational performance of our core businesses. And at the same time, we have done a great deal to advance the overall transformation of our company. You have heard that we’re expanding our initiatives and partnerships, and there are a lot more to come. This work supports our focus on driving our business forward in three key areas. First, we’re developing our omnichannel capabilities across pharmacy and retail to revolutionaize the customer experience. We’ve been producing a leading-edge thinking and infrastructure, as we move much of our business into the digital space. This will bring us closer to our customers in their daily lives beyond the physical presence of our stores. It will allow us to focus on our customers more closely and more individually than we have ever done before. As we look forward, I believe this is easily one of the biggest transformations our business has ever seen. How we do this and the partners we choose to work with will have a major influence on the future shape of our company. It is of such importance that I’m leading it personally. Second, it’s essential that we transform our retail business to create a modern retail offering that builds on our convenient locations and differentiates our stores in a crowded market. Most importantly, we must do this at a value proposition that is attractive to our customer and competitive against other comparable retailer. Third, we intend to transform our pharmacies worldwide, expanding from our pure pharmacy focus to create healthcare destinations. Building on the current trusted role of the pharmacies, we will offer a wide range of health and well-being services supported with a strong and in many cases, unique, health, beauty and personal care retail offering. We’re actively working to make our company the first choice in this sector for customers and partners alike. These partnerships bring us additional scale, knowledge, experience and resources beyond anything we could build by ourselves in areas that are very important for our future and they do so quickly. Partnerships also create an agile, open and collaborative mindset that is vital for our growth as we look to the future. They enable us to quickly align our products, services and people to the needs of a rapidly changing and integrated omnichannel marketplace to meet the demands of a more dynamic and demanding customer base. Of course, while we undergo the transformation, we must also continue to deliver good financial performance from our existing businesses, protect the strong market position we have today and meet the needs and expectations of our stakeholders. Our commitment is clear. We will return a capital to our shareholders when we do not have the opportunity to deploy it in the near-term for accretive value creation. Our guidance for fiscal 2019 shows that we expect further robust growth in the year-end. And we will continue to deploy our strong cash flow for the benefit of the business and our shareholders. I’m confident in our company. I’m excited by the work we are doing to transform our businesses, and I’m looking forward with enthusiasm to the year ahead. Thank you. Now, we will take your questions.
Stefano Pessina: Lisa, Stefano, Lisa. For years, we have been told, "Is your model sustainable? Will you be able to reduce cost for ever? Will you be able to buy better forever? And you see year-after-year, we are very, very delivering. Look at what we have done since the first day that we are here. We have always given guidance. You can judge by yourselves whether our guidance were correct or not and where we ended up. At the end, we see guidance. So I’d say that we continue to deliver what we promise. And if we tell you that we believe that there’s still a long way to go in our – for our costs for our buying power. Well, at the end we have demonstrated that when we promise something, we do it so.
Stefano Pessina: But you see, you have to remember that the tax reform has been mildly favorable for us, because we were very tax-efficient and as many international group of companies. Of course, we had a mixed rate or tax rate. And, of course, so when the reform came in, there were positive effects in the U.S. and negative effect on everything that was outside the U.S. So, of course, overall, it has been positive, but not as much as we could hope and not as much as other companies mainly based in the U.S. have enjoyed.
Stefano Pessina: Let’s say that time will tell whether it will be net positive or net negative. We are quite positive on that. We believe that our position should improve. We believe that the network of partnerships that we are creating and we have just announced some of them will help us to improve overall our positions and to improve our profit. But the market is, let’s say, quite open and quite excited now. And as you know, we have never excluded any M&A activity. We have just said that we are open to any kind of M&A provided, provided that it is really value creating for our shareholders. So we will see how the market evolves. For the time being, you have to see that what we can perceive today, it’s more favorable than negative. But we are, let’s say, very, very aware of these, let’s say, volatility of these effervescence of the market, and we are very willing to take advantage of any opportunities that we could have.
Stefano Pessina: But again, you don’t have to look at the business or judge the business on a single quarter. A quarter, by definition, are volatile. So in reality, we should judge a business and look at the business at least on a yearly basis and try to understand what is the trend year-over-year. And in this case, you have heard that on a yearly basis, part of these elements – one-off elements are practically neutral.
James Kehoe: I think, as you dissect the guidance, I’m inclined to take it from an EPS basis, but the only forward guidance we’re giving. So 7% is – approximately 5.5% is coming from, I’m sure repurchases. So I think, even at the low-end of the guidance, we’re looking for a core business growth of 1.5%. And we did call out quite significant investments in our stores of $150 million, that’s about two points of growth. So we’re saying the low-end is 3.5 percentage point ex-buybacks and the high-end is 8.5%, and we think that’s a strong statement of confidence in the future. I think, as you look forward from next year, I think, Q1 will probably have similar trends to Q4, actually the average of this year. And then as we go further into the year, we’re going to see a distinct improvement in the gross margin trends as we move into the second-half. So we have actually pretty good visibility on gross margin. We have a strong pipeline, we have investments, but we have strong pipeline of cost as well. And maybe, I will ask Alex to give you some perspective on the visibility on file buys and Rite Aid. The one thing I would say about Rite Aid is, if there are synergies next year, but we’re actually also incurring a significant increase in interest cost, so factor that into your model. So the contribution year-on-year is relatively marginal from Rite Aid. So maybe I’ll ask Alex to give us some perspective on how we think about the revenue line.
James Kehoe: Yes. I think the – I think, it’s an ongoing challenge, the gross margin we have. It’s an industry with reimbursement pressure. And we have three valves for that for offsetting the pressure and it’s been quite successful over the last three years since the company was formed. I’d point that the average EPS growth was 16% over the last three years, last year was 17% constant currency, 18% reported. So the model is there. And some quarters will be messy and other quarters will be much better. So the way we look forward is, we have first of all, volume. It’s a scale business. So the more prescriptions we put into our stores, the more we can offset any kind of reimbursement pressure. And honestly, the better the partner we are for all of the payers, which makes us just a more valuable commodity and less pressure. The second one is how we purchase generics and the significant benefits we’ve gotten over multiple years. These are tailing off a little bit, but to compensate that, we will be significantly scaling up the SG&A efforts. And even on SG&A, there’s a track record 21 consecutive quarters of percentage reduction in SG&A. I actually think we can do better than that. I think we can start making better inroads on an absolute basis as well. So we actually look forward quite encouraged that, whereas procurement goes down, we see the lever on back office optimization in general. I come from consumer goods, which is very ZBB oriented. So we will become a very lean and cost-efficient company, and that’s what’s required when you’ve got reimbursement pressure. So we’re extremely cognizant, and I’m very focused on the overhead side as Alex has been in the past. And I don’t know, Alex, do you want to add anything to that.
James Kehoe: Yes. Just maybe to add one thing. I mentioned in the guidance section, Q1 margins and gross margin will be probably similar to the trend in the latter part of 2018. Well, actually, we do see a significant improvement in the last three quarters and an improving trend, mainly because of the items we said, the procurement valve, the scripts in the store. And where we – our numbers have been very, very messy this year, because we’ve had this FEP contract in the specialties. So our business is growing 80% in the quarter and just the mix because of lower-margin is driving 170 basis points of gross margin slippage. But actually, if you peel back, take out the FEP and take out some timing differences on reimbursement in the quarter, actually, there wasn’t that much change in the gross margin. So it’s a headline problem and it’s an explanation problem. But the – once we lap FEP in Q2 of next year, the gross margins start looking more – they could more flatter in terms of trend, and still we’re going to start pushing up the SG&A engine much, much harder. So I just wanted to recognize that. Yes.
James Kehoe: Yes. I’ll just give you my thoughts, and then I’ll ask Alex to maybe add onto this. I think if you look at the full-year, our adjusted operating income growth on the corporation was 2.9% and the U.S. business over 3%. And for a business that size in a complicated industry with a lot of pressure on reimbursement, that’s pretty solid results. So – and the starting base is pretty strong here. So I think as you look forward, we’ve got Rite Aid for an additional couple of periods next year. We got some new file buys coming in. We got a lot of operational excellence, and I don’t want to discount all of these partnerships and the benefit they’re going to bring generally in terms of a halo and our importance in general in the industry. So that’s where we play up. It’s more a three-year horizon. And then in the short term, you’ve got reimbursement pressure, and I don’t want to start guiding to the pressures. But effectively last year, we offset about 70% of the pressure through generally procurement and others such as procurement activities. So what’s left to offset is about 30% through overhead management. And I think, you’ve seen enough data points, and I’m repeating a little bit what I said at the start. I think, you’ve seen enough data points to show that neither of these tools is new to the company. I just see coming in with a fresh set of eyes. I look at things a little bit differently, and I’ve toured many countries. I actually see that we could be a little bit more aggressive on the SG&A and procurement in general. I think, we’ve got good skill sets, but I think are they at world-class levels? No, they’re not. So I think the job that management has to do is make all of these world-class quickly. And that’s why I’m actually feeling quite good about the main business. It’s not an easy business, don’t get me wrong, because of the reimbursement. But I think the tool box we have is quite well-developed and we can scale it up even more. I don’t know, Alex.
James Kehoe: And Alex mentioned it a little bit earlier, don’t underestimate the positive impact on operational excellence from new systems investments, and we’re spending significant amounts of money in the U.S. business, both on the financial systems, store systems, stock availability. It’s just an enormous amount of positive momentum that will be brought online in the next couple of years, and this will all produce effectiveness in store and actually in the back office as well. So it’s a multi-year cycle unfortunately, and we have to go through it. But two years from now, it will be a very different animal in terms of the ability to execute.
James Kehoe: Yes. The only one I would – the most significant one and significant one is about 170 basis points as a result of specialty, and it was somewhat higher in Q4 and the earlier part of the year was around 150 basis point. So not a big deal. So talking about 170, it will repeat in Q1 and then it will tail off in the rest of the year. So if you build out your projections, the business will continue to grow really quickly. But the actual margin impact in Q2, Q3, Q4 just tails off, because we’re lapping the big FEP contract. So that’s the primary one in gross margin. I think, you won’t go wrong if you just adjust for that one. And if you look at, I mentioned before in the comments, if you look at – you plot reimbursement at whatever your estimate is and you assume the majority of it is offset either through procurement of generics or on the SG&A side. So that’s kind of like the model as you might want to work through the quarters. Just in general, our business is not that seasonal. So we have – we estimate we’ll have something like between 49% and 50% of the years in the first-half, and then somewhere around 21%, 22% is in Q1, and it’s always kind of like that. If you go back over three years, it’s got – it’s relatively predictable. So you won’t go too far wrong. If you look back on 2018 or 2017 and plot it out, you’ll get a good indication for the phasing. Now, individual quarters will be lumpy and Q3 was a – Q4 was a lumpy quarter. We had phasing impacts on reimbursement contracts, which are enormously difficult to predict. And that, that gives you a 30 basis point impact in the quarter. It won’t repeat. So I think that we’ve given enough insights, probably a lot more than the past in terms of how to think about next year. So I really don’t want to go any further than that.
James Kehoe: Yes. There’s only one commentary. We’ve lost a little bit is the 13% in Q4, you should look at it and the AOI growth, which was a little on the weakest side lower than the full-year trend. The Q4 of prior year, we grew adjusted operating income by 22%. So we’re lapping a really tough quarter. And as you think about what was the quality of the quarter, bear in mind that you do a three-year stack on this. And then you might come to a different impression on the quarter, which we think was stronger than maybe the headline would suggest.
James Kehoe: No, we actually – if I was to guide that, I think I would say flat and this kind of interesting that the tax rate reform benefit of 2.5 – it’s roughly 2.5 percentage points, is offset by the other elements of tax reform that people don’t talk about, which is the GILTI tax and there is a repeal of Section 199 relief and that 2.5 is offset by 1.6 points of the negative impacts of tax reform. So tax reform is probably a net 1 percentage point. And then we have discrete items in the base year, that’s favorable tax judgments other stuffed in 2018 that right now, we project won’t repeat next year. And that’s why we made the comment, it’s a range of 2018 to 2019. In reality, it’s flat because, discrete and the not-talked about parts of tax reform will offset the rate improvement, because bear in mind, we still have one favorable quarter left of favorable rates and that’s roughly 2.5 points. And as I said, I will repeat 1.6 points are GILTI tax on Section 199 relief. So we’re kind of thinking of it as basically flat right now.
James Kehoe: And bear in mind, the taxes based on current guidance – sorry, current regulations and our interpretation of them. The treasury department hasn’t finalized all of the regulations yet. So in Q1, when it gets clearer, we’ll give a further update on where we see tax evolving to.
James Kehoe: Okay, I’ll take shot and Alex can help me out later. So I would say that you’re right. I think, the biggest item I would be concerned about or adjust in your model is the 110 in the quarter. So that was this curtailment benefit. I do want to point out on that we had a similar one last year in the third quarter. So on a full year basis, it doesn’t really change the achievements, right? So that’s really important. So it has – it does impact the run rate. So we were at a 17.1% SG&A number in Q4. I would not plot that one forward, because it’s a little lower due to the 110 pickup in the quarter. So – but I don’t want to start giving guidance on SG&A. So I would add back something and maybe project out, but we will have cost reductions. But I would describe the 17.1% as unusually low, and it wouldn’t be correct to project that forward. It would be somewhat higher.
Alex Gourlay: …revenue lines, we’ve seen first of all, a slight improvement in both underlying items growth and retail sales in the quarter. And we expect that improvement to continue into next year. As James pointed out in his prepared remarks, for example, around about 90 basis points of the sales impact this year was promotional programs, which have now cycled out to the year as one example of the ongoing improvement. And we’re encouraged by our investments in the larger, more – larger stores and also by – in health and beauty as we continue to see a good return in sales and margin from these investments. On the pharmacy side, we’ll cycle through the Med D networks from January 1. We expect to grow at the market next year. We know these contracts pretty well. And therefore, that is the fastest growing area of pharmacy underlying in the business, maybe the Rite Aid. We’re encouraged by the retention, as we said in the prepared remarks of the scripts we’re now transferring from Rite Aid to Walgreens stores. They are higher than you’ve seen historically, and the team have done a really good job to drive that up, and we expect that to be sustained and the file buys are important. It’s important we continue to add customers into our stores from other pharmacies who are willing to sell their contracts at reasonable price. So all of these factors lead us to believe the underlying growth will be solid and we’ll continue to see progress through the year.
Alex Gourlay: Well, we’ve announced already the investment of $150 million as – in James prepared remarks, which is primarily going into store labor. And we remain confident with the offer we have at local level and the way that we treat our people in stores, look after them in different ways that we will remain a very, very competitive employer. And don’t also remember the fact that Amazon today primarily recruits people who walk in warehouses, and therefore, that is quite different in terms of market rates. So those who primarily walk in retail shops.
Alex Gourlay: I think James said it really well. And I think the one thing I’ll just remind you of is, we’re also investing in technology. So we are replatforming both our retail supply chain, as well as our pharmacy supply chain, and we expect that investment will again give us opportunities for really simplifying the business in the future and give us data points and processes we’ve never had in the past before. So we remain focused and confident that we can continue to take SG&A cost out of the business and important to improve the customer experience in our pharmacies and online.
Alex Gourlay: Lisa, overall, it will have no impact. Our pharmacists have been allowed, encouraged to talk, to be honest, to make it – the cost as low as possible for the patients in every occasion. So this will have no impact. And obviously, we welcome that, of course, it’s a big step forward.
Alex Gourlay: Lisa, again, obviously this year, I can’t. But I can give you the big one this morning, which is you can imagine the team in LabCorp would not have agreed to expand by 600 stores not with Walgreens Boots Alliance had we not seen results that we’re very pleased with. And this is a platform, think of this as a platform for the industry and a platform for patients in terms of convenience. So whether we can expand on helping customers take better care of their own health by getting information quicker in a convenient form from their pharmacy and LabCorp or was this about advancing medicine to the work they do with the manufacturers in clinical trials, et cetera, or whether this is about creating better health outcomes because of the convenience and the data, but just these are all things that we are looking to do with our partners in the future. And that’s why we also had a memorandum of understanding in place as well to develop the business further. So we’re really excited by this partnership. We think it’s great for the industry. We think it’s great for patients, and the economics are good enough. So that’s where we are with that one.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, Lisa, I think, the core driver for the underlying base business is prescriptions, as you know. And even this year, where we’ve had going from preferred to non-preferred for the Aetna book of business in one single year. We’ve been able to grow overall 3.5% items worth through the whole year, and you’ve seen a sequential improvement of 1.3% in this quarter. So even in what was a more difficult year for the underlying business, we’ve been able to grow at or beyond the market underlying. And on top of that, there’s a lot of that dislocation in the market. There’s a lot of businesses who are looking to move away from pharmacy and we’re able to pick up the file transfers you’ve seen from different companies. So we think that the core business is strong in the way that James has described. The volume is strong. We think we’ve done a good job in the front-end in terms of shifting the emphasis to become more of a health, beauty, wellness expert. And there’s a lot more to go, and it may be taking us longer than we had first anticipated. But the signs are very clear, where we’re heading to and the transition is well underway. And in the U.S., that’s the core of the business along with SG&A. That’s the core of the business. So I think, we believe the core is strong. The market is challenging, but we’re very well-equipped to deal with it.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Eric, it’s Alex here. Yes, I think, again, we are very open to anything that reduces the cost for the customer and provides access to care and very important molecules, because we are absolutely focused on the customer and what the customer wants. So we think overall, this is a good move for the industry. Economically, it’s a small impact on us and one that we can absolutely manage going forward. And I think, it will be interesting to see what happens with other molecules of similar types. So this is the move to these generics has been happening in the U.S., as you know, for years and years and years. The penetration of generics overall is about 90%, and I think overall and it’s just a further example of our trend. So it’s good news for the customer. I believe it’s good news for Walgreens pharmacy overall, and we’ll remain very competitive as it shifts in the marketplace.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, it’s Alex here. Yes, I think James explained it really well. So just repeat very briefly what James has said. The FEP contract was 190 basis points more or less of the impact, and that will be going by January 1, which is halfway through our second quarter. We’ve also mentioned that we have some timing issues in the quarter. This quarter that was lumpy in their own way, because some of the contracts paid us differently to what would they did the previous year. And I think James you mentioned that was about 30 basis points. And then I always say that reimbursement pressure going forward is a bit normal. I don’t think it’s either was so better than what we’re seeing on our visual the last three or four years. And I remember, we have got good visibility into Med D at this time of the year, which is the annual contracts and, of course, the commercial contracts are longer by nature. And I think also – I mean as already – so I think that also in terms of the front-end, as James has said, we saw 190 basis points improvement in the front-end margin in the full-year this year, and we continue to invest in our strategy. So, some of that was the 90 basis points of, I’ll say, a one-off effect of stabilizing our promotional programs. We were overinvesting we believe in using new tools and techniques to make sure that we got adequate return, but the rest of that is really a shift in mix and focus in the business. So we expect to see ongoing improvement in the front-end margin. So I don’t know if that helps in anyway shape or form, but that’s just some additional color to what James has said already.
Alex Gourlay: And also, as an operator, I can tell you having a good starting position in Q1 from a cost profile is a good place to start from and so we have. So as we manage the business, the team here led by Richard Ashworth and the operational team have done a great job to get to this position. So as we look forward, our starting position on SG&A is a good position to start from 2019 from a trend point of view.
