Wade D. Miquelon: No, that's a net all-in, including those specific costs. But effectively, as we said, we offset 50% of gross margin this quarter, primarily through SG&A and COGS, but it's an all-in number.
Wade D. Miquelon: We're looking at it this way; we had about 2 months and 1/3 of a month when we think about the volume impact as part of this number, right, and then 2 months that we had an impact from the gross profit point of view. But we had 50% of that offset through COGS and SG&A. In the future, we're going to have 3 months, but we're going to have a step-up in some of our cost efforts and measures accordingly. So it will be really a balanced impact of Express Scripts through these 3 quarters, $0.07 in each quarter basically.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean it's impossible to predict and I would say clearly, these customers have -- it's a very different situation. They have much more rights at large than the Express customers and they also have had the benefit of time watching this unfold as they look forward when their contracts end and potentially renew. So again, without speculating a number, I would just say that for all the reasons I outlined, the situation is very different and they have a lot more flexibility in rights in aggregate than the Express customers. Again, back to the contract we have with Medco, it's been in place for many years. It continues to move forward, I suppose, until the parties decide at some point that it doesn't.
Wade D. Miquelon: We're never going to talk to any specific contracts with any specific customer or supplier. But I would just say that like I said before, it's been in place for a long time and we both obviously have felt it's fair, good for patients, payers and everyone, and we continue to honor that.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well there's been, obviously, many public accounts, scalpers and others out there. I don't want to go into the list of the different clients. But quite frankly, 2012 is pretty easy because now that we're already in March, we can see our actual monthly run rate and reconcile back to those accounts. So 2011 was an actual, 2012 is kind of a current actual rolling forward and then 2013 is just doing the other puts and calls we know like United.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, I guess we could basically say that there is no Express contract, so there's really no differential to give. But no, we never talk about any one customer to another. And our objective here is to be fair with all customers and try to treat them all fairly, in the same genre anyway.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think especially, again, it's where restricted gets used loosely. Someone might have a restricted network that doesn't include a pharmacy, that doesn't have a share in that market anyway, right? When it comes to excluding the nation's leading pharmacy, for a little or no savings, there's really no evidence that, that has ever taken up noise at this season as well.
Wade D. Miquelon: Look, I mean obviously since we don't give guidance, I can't point to any specific number. I would just come back to overall framework. Prior to the Express Scripts -- prior to exiting their network, we had financial goals and targets. The financial goals that we stated we want to hit over time, we've talked about what the impact of Express Scripts will be to us on a fiscal year basis. They've been laid out by quarter basis, so you kind have to model backwards from there.
Wade D. Miquelon: We aren't going to outline exactly what it was in Q2, but I'll actually defer to Rick's Heisenberg uncertainty principle of generics, which is the more you try to measure and estimate what they're going to be in the future, the more the number keeps changing all the time because there's lots of variables for suppliers -- like in suppliers, et cetera. So clearly we get a lift in the back half, we said that, but I think it'll be premature to try to put a number around it until we get there.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, I mean, you could certainly do the math that way. We don't adjust that way. We just keep it broad as it is. But what I guess I would say is over the long term, we're still operating over that systemic framework. We believe that we can have industry-leading growth. We can have that robust EPS growth. We can have steadily improving cash flow and ROIC and a good strong balance sheet. So this is -- I would call this a blip in the road on the path to keep focusing on that.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean, I'll let Kermit answer this. Obviously, there's not a lot to update, but Kermit why don't you...
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, we've certainly had some costs now we're doing to get obviously like a launch in the timing Greg said without having some upfront investment to get it right. And we haven't that disclosed amount, but that's part of those strategic investments to really set us up for the future.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think all I would say is this is that what we're seeing in those stores from lifts and from profitability and returns is very promising and we're still measuring and analyzing. We look at unit economics. So every store is slightly different, every model slightly different. It's all contextual to what we're trying to achieve. And so obviously, we wouldn't be going down this path if we didn't think that it was financially accretive and good for the customer as well. And again, early results across-the-board are promising, but we continue to refine and look at it to really fine tune our unit economics moving forward.
Wade D. Miquelon: I'm not sure of the exact question. When you say move over their network, I guess what you're saying is the network without being able to access Walgreens because we have no arrangement now with Express Scripts.
Wade D. Miquelon: Our customers could always choose that. I mean today, Express Scripts for 10 years, has been trying to sell EN30 and 40 without Walgreens. It's less than 1% of the business, but they have the right to do that. Customers clearly don't like thinking they got bacon and eggs and show up and have cold oatmeal. So the real issue, I think, is whether or not customers want Walgreens and value Walgreens and we believe from what we're hearing, they do.
Wade D. Miquelon: Customers want to get what they pay for, right? And what we're hearing loud and clear from the customers is they want a broad network and they know there's no material savings. And so in those cases, they're obviously going to have a lot of more rights in Express. What they are by customer remain to be seen. But at the end of the day, customers want to pay for what they want to get.
Wade D. Miquelon: I'll hit it first and I'll kick it over to Kermit and Mark. I think our SG&A growth, you're right, when you exclude the things like drugstores, Walgreens stores, we did have very good progress there and I think a lot of what we're doing across-the-board, not just in stores, but at corporate is continue to find ways to become more efficient and effective all the time, Express or not Express. But I'd say is that before I turn it over here, too, is the efforts we're doing at stores we're trying to match up to do it smart to where the biggest volume impacts have been. This is not peanut butter, and we still intend on having the best service in the business. We still intend on improving our customer satisfaction as we go. But this is really about making sure that we do it smart, again in concert with the volume losses we've seen.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, those are 2 of the buckets obviously, but the other piece of it is even though almost all of it is costs, we're also seeing -- well, it might not be ESI retention, we might be building scripts or getting top line volume from other customers. So for example, we've seen -- give you a couple of examples here. We've seen other pharmacies that were so overloaded with Express customers, they couldn't handle the volume, they had out of stock, they didn't have supply. So customers that we could have served in the past were going to other pharmacies have now come to Walgreens. And we're kind of seeing that by the day right here as we also link with conversion programs. We also see Medicare Part D. Every day I think it's something like 11,000 people are turning -- go Medicare Part D. And some of those were with Walgreens before then they found out or woke up and they couldn't go to Walgreens and now they turn to the age where they can get Medicare Part D and they're looking for plans that have Walgreens. So there's lots of different buckets like that. But the vast majority is incremental cost efforts, but we are seeing outside of the retention bucket, we're seeing other volume upticks in lots of different areas. It happened slowly, but surely.
Wade D. Miquelon: I'm pretty convinced of our value proposition. We're seeing it now in the sales season, we're seeing people just not having Walgreens as a non-starter. There are no material savings and I think people don't want to go through their own network just to spread an intermediary. I think the reality is, though, is that small players are going to have a very difficult time in that environment.
Wade D. Miquelon: And they've got the ability and the means to do that and that's their intention. So I think we remain pretty confident that it's a very different scenario.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think either way just to model it is you've got 8 months this year and then 4 months next year, so you lap it, right? So you could build your own models and figure out the sequence and timing on how you lap it. It's not that hard to do.
Gregory D. Wasson: Andy, just to reiterate, I think the key point is the fact that we still feel the $0.21 impact based on that lower scenario is what we'll see for the year.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, Andy, maybe Wade and I both tag team on this just to make sure we get all of that. I think certainly on the first part, as far as what's in their specific clauses and contracts, we certainly don't have visibility into those. We do believe from what we've heard in the industry that some do have change in control clauses and everything that Wade went through himself. So that's just based on intelligence, what we're hearing from the field. As far as the terms of the contract, as we said, we got an ongoing contract with Medco that we intend to honor and we don't see any indication that, that would change. As far as the percentage of the business, I'm going to let Wade kind of key in on that one.
Gregory D. Wasson: Ann, I guess the main point is we've got a lot of confidence in that number because we've done the internal analysis and based on the book of business and the plans that have been publicly announced, that's the number.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. As Wade said, Ann, we hit about 15% at the end of the second quarter and I think it's important to say that we expect that to build. And as plans begin to take action, state of Nebraska as a public reported is changing July 1, so we expect that to build.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I think -- Mark, good question. We feel pretty confident as far as the intelligence we're getting from the field. I mean we've got people out talking to the benefit consultants. We've got people out talking to clients as well as the other partners that we work with out there. And we just don't see it. What we're more encouraged by, frankly, is the fact that, as I said in the last call, that the other payers that we're working with, whether its PBMs or health plans, are more and more interested in working closely with us and differentiating themselves in the marketplace this selling season because they have Walgreens in versus Walgreens out. The survey that we did that we published last quarter also, I think, is a strong indicator that says that employers would need a 5% to 10% greater savings to even consider a restricted network. So all intelligence that we see, folks that we're working with, we do not any trend.
Gregory D. Wasson: Tom, this is Greg. Our goals haven't changed. We set out -- there's a plan to win 3 years ago. We want to go back to double-digit EPS, strong return on invested capital and top 2 shareholder return. And that's what we think our strategies will allow us to do. There's 2 ways to look at frankly: The lost business from Express Scripts and frankly we anticipate that we'll continue to be -- to work with Medco and their clients. But there's the opportunity to continue to grow share with those plans are out there that are wanting to work with us and we're very encouraged, as I said earlier, with those that are coming to us and trying to win business this selling season against those that don't have us. Secondly is the austerity and the cost-cutting measures that Wade talked about. We feel confident we're going to be able to do both of those. And we're very confident on our strategies and the ability to return back to those goals.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, yes, Matt, we continue to invest, obviously, in a multichannel business. We think that's a big opportunity for us, and some of the things I mentioned on the call would be indicative of that. We continue to invest in our stores. As we said 3 years ago, the reason we decided -- one of the reasons we decided to slow our new store opening growth was to be able to reinvest in our existing store base. We think we've got a heck of a footprint. There's a lot of things that we've done with CCR this past year as a good foundation for us to build upon. So we're continuing to invest in those new stores, those pilots and we'll continue to measure to make sure that's a good use of our capital. I think we're also continuing to invest in our front-end offering, private brand. We're really feeling good about where we're going there. So it's basically our 5 key strategies that we're pretty consistently with -- consistent with is where we're investing.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, as far as -- I'll take the loyalty launch itself. We feel good with where we're headed. We're still planning for a mid- to late September launch of our loyalty program. As far as the SG&A impact, I'll let Wade kind of address that.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, Scott, Greg. Certainly, a good question. I'm not going to speculate on what they may or may not do. I think as we said in the call, we've got a good relationship with Medco. We think we have got a great relationship with their clients. We got an ongoing contract that we think makes sense for all to honor, and we intend to do that. As far as what they may do or might do, I think that probably is not worth speculating on. I will say that, as Wade said, like all business, once we see and have an indication of what has actually happened and the terms and conditions and so forth, then we make the adjustments necessary. So bottom line, we look for fair reimbursement for the value we provide and that's what we would expect.
Gregory D. Wasson: Scott, as I've said several times, I'm going to remind you, we are in the business of filling scripts and that's what we do. So certainly, that's why we would want to honor that contract and continue to work with those clients. But it has to make good business sense for us and we just decide and determine at the time based on what we see as to how we'd go forward.
Gregory D. Wasson: Scott, here's what we are seeing and do believe that although we are not an Express Scripts network unfortunately, at the same time we are building deeper relationships with all the payers that are out there wanting to work more closely with us. So we can focus on the lack of access to Express Scripts, but the positive is to gain share and the deeper relationships we're building as a result with every other payer that's out there, and that's where we're focused. And we feel good with what we're seeing in the early selling season. And as I said in my early opening remarks, this is one heck of a busy selling season already.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, maybe, Scott, I'll weigh in. I want to come in and frankly take this opportunity. We probably have employees that are listening in, Mark and Kermit the job they've done, I think our employees have done an incredible job reacting intelligently to the reductions that we are beginning to put in place. And as I've said, the good thing about this is that there is good -- its market-by-market, store-by-store in specific markets and we've got the ability to laser in and dial down store-by-store. But our store employees and store managers out there have just done a terrific job in managing through this. And frankly, they support the long-term decision that we've made and where we're headed.
Gregory D. Wasson: And John, as we said, we held off on store labor, store reduction to make sure we did a good service. But we have been focused corporately and we're certainly looking at projects and making sure that we're focused on those that really move the needle. I think frankly, the positive is we are laser focused on those 5 key strategies and driving what -- and really focused on the projects that would move the needle. So we've been looking at corporate over the last couple of months, so there's been real progress there.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, John. I think several things. First of all, a lot of them are coming to us, as I said earlier. They're looking at this being one of the few selling seasons where there is true differentiation in the marketplace with a PBM offering. And that being, frankly, that they have the largest retailer in the country in their network or out of their network. That's #1. That's a pretty -- frankly, what we're hearing is that's a pretty easy sell and they're looking forward to that. Then we begin to talk about the fact that we drive high generic utilization. They're looking to work with us on how we can drive that even higher and bring them greater value. Many of them are now really beginning to see the benefit of 90-Day at Retail being added to an existing mail plan. As we've said several times, when a payer or client adds a 90-Day at Retail benefit through existing mail plan, there is anywhere from 7% to 9%, maybe more percent in savings available. So I think they're really beginning to work with us in ways and look for some of the ways that we can help them reduce costs and drive real value.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, I mean, I guess you could -- I don't know if it's going through or not, right, so I hope it will. But I would say that from our point of view, our principle is our principle. We expect to be compensated fairly. Fairly, not just versus our own thinking but versus the market and versus others. And that doesn't change, Medco or no Medco. I think you could make the argument that it could put tremendous pricing pressure on the little guys as they need to pay for the premium of the merger, et cetera. And quite frankly, I think you can see it from our battle. There's large -- we are #1 retailer that a small player is going to have a very difficult time probably holding the line in that scenario.
Gregory D. Wasson: John, I think we've been in this industry, there's been an ongoing reimbursement pressure for years in this industry and still will be. And I think therefore, as we're focused obviously on costs and making sure that we continue to take costs out, we're also looking -- that's the reason we're driving our strategies: to be able to work with payers and create value in ways other than just a focus on reducing pharmacy costs specifically.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I think -- I don't think we'll get into that David. I will say if you go back to Wade's chart, we tried to show what we see the book of business being with us January 1, 2013. Hey, frankly, I tell you I believe it would be difficult for Express Scripts and others to continue to sell without Walgreens in their network. We've had, as I said, we've had several conversations with many of the key clients and those clients indicate to us that they really valued having Walgreens in their network.
