Stefano Pessina: Thank you, James. So as you have heard a solid quarter and a good outlook. For us, change is about opportunity, growth and creating value. It is an essential part of our daily life, and a constant need to change or invent our Company is an indication of how core it is to the lives of the people we serve. Our task is to stay relevant and as people's lives change, we must make sure we change with them. That is why we are developing our omni-channel offering and working on our plan for our U.S. stores to create hub in the communities that we serve with an attractive range of services and products. We remain convinced about the value of our presence in the community and of the strong relationship our extraordinary local teams have built in their communities. We remain convinced about the opportunity the Company has and our ability to deliver on those opportunities. We remain convinced that being the most efficient, convenient and differentiated provider of the highest-quality services in the communities that we serve will position us to meet and beat the competition and continue to grow both operationally and financially. We remain confident in our immediate prospects, as you can tell from our guidance for the year. We remain committed to create value for our investors and using that for future growth or realizing it, as you can see from our $10 billion share buyback program and dividend policy. Most of all, however, we remain absolutely convinced about the strength of our Company and it’s potential to deliver real value growth, not just this year, but for many years to come. Thank you. We will now take your questions.
Stefano Pessina: And this is the problem, if you allow me, In reality, it's very difficult to compare the business this year with last year, because the structure of our business has changed and that's the reality. So we try, of course, to guide toward the work, but it's a different structure. And so when we compare, it’s difficult to understand at first sight what is happening.
Stefano Pessina: I have always said that we have to separate the emotions from the facts. We don't see any reason to be worried. We are not complacent. I repeat this. We have a clear plan and I believe that we will continue with the execution of our plan. If we did M&A just under the pressure of emotion, so without respecting our financial discipline, at the end we will destroy value. And sooner or later I would pay – we would pay for it. So I believe that, as you know, as we have always said, that we are open for M&A at the right price. If we can buy something and see the return for what we buy, we will do it. We will not do something just because we feel that we have to do something. We know that our plans are quite solid. We know exactly what is our strategy. We have the means and the abilities in the company to execute our strategy and this is what we do. You will never see us panicking or acting under the pressure of the emotion.
Stefano Pessina: What can I say? Let's see. We are always open. Our door is always open, provided the people who come through that door are sensible. We are always ready to welcome them.
Stefano Pessina: On the selling business, I would add that, of course, the pressure that the pharmacies have on the government, of course, we said, is reflected on the wholesale by definition, of course. And the wholesaling business is difficult – relatively difficult, more difficult that in the past, let's say, in Continental Europe, particularly in Germany and in France. It's very good in the emerging markets, very good in Turkey, very good in Egypt, very good in other market like Romania. And overall, the fact that we have a portfolio of businesses gives us certain stability, and that this business is quite predictable. You’ll see that they’re quite stable over the year, a little more, a little less. And of course, but we have to take into account that the contribution of the business is not just the cash, the substantial cash that the wholesaling business is generating because it's a cash-generating business, of course, but also the fact that we see our relationship with the suppliers, we see our relationship – and their volumes are contributing quite substantially to our purchasing power. And you see that the importance of certain part of the business like WBAD that substantially is part – is managed by the people of wholesaling. The importance of this business for the group is very, very important. And also, the wholesaling business has another important function for us, and this is Alphega. Alphega is a virtual pharmacy chain. As in most of Continental Europe, the pharmacy chains are not allowed. We have a virtual chain, a kind of very low franchise, if we can define it like that, of 6,500 pharmacies across many countries, many European countries. And of course, this is improving our overall business, strengthen our overall business because where we don't have our own pharmacies, we have Alphega, and also where we have our own pharmacies there in the UK. We still have almost 1,000 Alphega partners. So overall, the importance of the business is not just on the cash that it delivers, which is quite significant, not just on the profit it delivers, which is stable, but on the different additional services and opportunities that it creates for the business overall – for the group.
Stefano Pessina: With Amerisource we have a good relationship. We work together well. We are happy overall and I believe that they are as well. At the time being we don't see an absolute need to change the situation. Of course, things could change over time, but for the time being we are happy as we are.
Stefano Pessina: I am convinced that if we add a more transparent system, overall, the pharmacy could be better off because we are an element in the chain of distribution drugs an element that is making the – giving their service at a reasonable rate. And so I believe that whatever the system could be even a system where we would be paid by a fee-for-service could improve our situation because on one side probably we would have similar margin or just a smaller margin, but it would tell us to streamline in a more transparent world, to streamline our cost quite substantially. So we are very in favor of a full transparency.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Lisa. It’s Alex here. I'll start with the script business first of all. With 4% so far this year, as you know, underlying on the 7% last year, so – and we continue to really grow share in pharmacy, 300 basis points since WBA was actually formed, so we feel pretty good record market share to a 2.4, albeit in this quarter, driven by non-organic through an organic growth. And in terms of in the quarter, we saw the gains we had with strategic partnerships with Prime and with United, balanced out by the loss we had at Aetna specifically in terms of that moving from – structured from preferred to non-preferred. And I think, as James said in his prepared remarks, we are feeling okay about the selling season for 2019 in Med D, and we have the extra volume coming in from Rite Aid next year as well. So one of our key strategies is to consolidate volume and grow volume and we feel good about that over the long-term. So I think script volume is more affected by the Aetna business than we had expected, but underlying, we feel pretty confident going forward and continue to drive good value to the marketplace and partnerships continue to grow rather than decline outside of that particular partnership. In terms of margin, I think we said before about 190 basis points due to specialty business, more or less. 180, due to specialty business, and that’s through the major bulk of the situation in the margin along with the cost, the SG&A cost and mix within the Rite Aid business. Remember, we had two months of Rite Aid acquired in the quarter, which was obviously an impact to that margin.
Alexander Gourlay: Yes, obviously we’ve followed this company, and we offer the service locally to our fiscal pharmacies. We have that service plus many others that we support all communities with – and as technology changes, we have continued to invest in technologies to support patients in these circumstances and special care. So I think, we are confident that we can compete more than confident to be honest Lisa, and of course we're building out our services around additional local community basis as Stefano said.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi Ricky. It’s Alex here. The relationship with Express is a very good. One, the buying group has just been setup. And obviously, we remain confident that working together with another major brand in the marketplace will bring better value for us and to our customers and to our peers. So it's early days and so far so good. We continue to develop our specialty strategy, and I can't give you market share, of course, because it's not something we report specifically, but we have two models. We have a model of central specialty, we do with AllianceRx and then we have the community model where we continue to invest in small community specialty pharmacies close to where patients live and to where doctors practice. And it has proven to be very successful, and we continue to grow that brick-and-mortar out there as part of our strategy. And we think these two things together with the right relationships and the right partnership philosophy will allow us to continue to grow in a very important marketplace for us. And last but not least, there is the relationships that we have with the global manufacturers. Ornella Barra, my Co-COO, has built this with Stefano over many years, and we continue to work very closely. And for example, we have increased the number of LDDs as a result of our global and local relationship.
Alexander Gourlay: Yes. We remain very confident that we can remain very efficient. We have always have opportunities, as I said, in the prepared comments. The investments we're making in information technology will improve our processes, and we continue to really focus in it. And I think we said this really since the beginning of Walgreens Boots Alliance, we come from European market as most of us, where we are used to reimbursement pressure. And therefore, we plan for efficiencies, and we plan for investment and efficiencies importantly in advance to make sure that we can remain competitive. And we continue to scale. I mean, scale is really important to us. In addition of the Rite Aid stores early on this year gained us more opportunity both on synergies, but also on scale. So again, we remain confident, Elizabeth. And that's part of our job. That's what we do.
Alexander Gourlay: Yes. Thanks. I'll pick up the UK. Particularly, Boots in the UK, a business I know very well. Again, it's no secret that Brexit – is known to be Brexit, and the government are reacting really to increasing health care costs in the UK. And Pharmacy was impacted directly about 1.5 years ago. We see this two things happening. We see an unusual period of reimbursement pressure, which has come through, and also a reduction in volume of prescriptions as the government is encouraging through the doctors to not prescribe so many things available outside of a normal pharmacy for some conditions. So these things are impacting both the margin and the volume in this phase. Clearly, we are also looking in terms of how do we work more closely with our wholesale business. We have a very, very strong position in wholesale in the UK, and we continue to work on efficiency and supply chain and work very closely, as I said, already with Ornella and her team to make sure that we really bring services that manufacturers want to the marketplace. So we work as usual in these conditions. We’re used to it. And this is a phase, for sure, we’re coming through, which has been more challenged than usual, but will remain our strong business, and we have a lot of opportunity in the future.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Nathan, yes, all that we're doing right now, as Stefano said, we are really spending the last few years taking care reorganizing the business, looking forward and all our efforts and energies on a lot of the monies now being spent on test and trials, as I've said in the prepared remarks. We’re really, really doing some really interesting, what was customers show all of our effort is really looking forward and making sure that we are still relevant to more or less we are today in the U.S. as the customer and the markets change. So it's really enjoyable what we’re going on with it.
Alexander Gourlay: Nathan, as I've said to Elizabeth, I mean we have programs that span, two, three years, we have working on efficiencies. And we have many opportunities across stores, central offices, is now for resale and the list goes on. And I think the costs are consistently coming down because we're consistently working on it.
Alexander Gourlay: Sure. George, I think, as I said before to Ricky and to Lisa, we just closed the Med D season for 2019 in terms of the contracting, we feel good about – James said on his prepared remarks. We continue to grow with Optimum and United in our bigger business. And we also continue to do well with Prime, so all these things have proven to be successful. The issue we've had is really Aetna on moving from preferred to non-preferred.
Alexander Gourlay: Yes. I mean, I think we support price transparency. We've been very consistent with that from day one. And really, that's what the HSS is saying. So supportive, we had pharmacies on Capitol Hill to understand the recommendations and it’s too early to tell the impact, to be honest some things that rebates, but we remain supportive of giving the customers more visibility and giving them a simpler and easier pharmacy and healthcare system.
James Kehoe: This is James. So just to confirm that, the margins in the U.S., gross margin were down 140 basis points in the quarter. And that's entirely 190 basis points due to the specialty business, and as you look at the growth profile in the U.S. business, if you take out the Rite Aid growth plus the Prime business, the actual organic sales were up 6% in the quarter, which is quite impressive actually. However, the majority of the growth this quarter came out of the actual specialty business, and this created the adverse mix on the margin, but the margins on the specific businesses are fine. The issue is we have a mix impact in the quarter.
James Kehoe: Yes, this is James here. I just want to add one point. The result is actually quite more impressive because we're cycling through this one-time curtailment benefit in the prior year period. So not only were the results, as we've said, quite impressive, but we are cycling through these one-time items. I think, as we look forward, as Alex said before, we also have the opportunity to make the Rite Aid stores more efficient and generally the management overall. As I come on board, I would reflect that they've done extremely strong work over the past, I would say, eight or nine quarters. But there's always opportunity in any business. And I'm actually quite impressed by the folks in the business making sure the G&A is tightly managed. There is continuing programs. So part of my job is to make sure that continues as well.
James Kehoe: Yes. It’s James here. Maybe I'll pass it on Stefano. I think I’m relatively new, coming on board, the capital deployment options are quite clear. One is internal investment, two is partnerships and/or M&A and then it is the dividend and the share repurchase. Don't let it be lost on you that we're communicating the dividend and the share repurchase at the same time and as we look at the program, I’ll respond directly to your question is, I think if I was to make an assumption, we will pursue the program absent major M&A over the course of the next three years. And I think you can work that out for yourself. It doesn't have an expiry date because we do want the flexibility if the right transaction comes along. We are pretty convinced though with the strong cash generation and just look at what happened in the quarter up from $1.6 billion last year to $1.9 billion this year. It's pretty impressive. We expect that to continue. So I think we need to walk and chew gum. We should be able to do deals and returning cash to shareholders and that's the essential communication that Stefano has given in his prepared remarks.
