Roz Brewer: Thank you, James. Now, we’re going to turn the page and offer more insights into our U.S. Healthcare segment. As I mentioned earlier, we’re very happy to have John Driscoll, joining us as our President of U.S. Healthcare. John is an outstanding entrepreneur, who has partnered closely with us for some time now in his role as CEO of CareCentrix. He’s an incredibly knowledgeable thought leader in healthcare and has become a confidant and a friend as we work side-by-side during our three-year planning process. I am certain he will be able to hit the ground running overseeing this vitally important part of our business and building on our strong momentum. John, welcome once again. And now, I’ll turn it over to you.
Roz Brewer: Thank you, John, and thanks to everyone for joining us for today’s extended call. Before we kick off Q&A, let me sum up what you’ve heard. Fiscal ‘22 was a year of broad-based outperformance against our expectations. We are well positioned to drive continued execution through our resilient core business and by scaling our winning assets. We see a clear path for U.S. healthcare to achieve profitability starting in fiscal year ‘24, and we’re already raising long-term sales targets. At the same time, we are investing in talent and capabilities and rapidly simplifying the portfolio as part of our transformation to a healthcare company. We have good visibility to tremendous growth with best-in-class assets that we have in place today. This builds my confidence that our strategic priorities are working to drive our long-term growth algorithm. In closing, we are pleased with this year’s performance. We are tackling the challenges that next year poses, and we have conviction in the development of our new U.S. Healthcare business and our future growth potential. Now, I’d like to open the line for questions.
Roz Brewer: I think you said it well. The one thing I would add is I don’t want to overlook the investments that we’re making in our fulfillment centers. That’s a capital investment. And the intention with those eight centers that we have currently that’s supporting 1,800 of our stores, our goal is to take about 50% of the scripts out of the store, put them in a central fill location and feed those back to the store. So, when you see these investments, it’s not only investment in the labor piece. It’s also an investment for better jobs for our pharmacists, so they can lift up and consult, and then also we get better throughput in the stores. And so, that’s part of this equation, to return the script count is that you have better service at the same time, and we’re reducing costs by bringing in the fulfillment centers. And it’s one of those things that’s in the backdrop of our business but really strengthens our operating model inside the stores.
Roz Brewer: Sure. George, thanks for that question. So, let me talk a little bit about our M&A position. I think one of the things to think about, too, is the work that we did around our Boots strategic position this year as well. So, when we look at our portfolio, it’s broad. And what James mentioned earlier is that we have a repository of cash that we could access. And you’ve seen us do that with the work that we did with ABC. We did that work also with our arrangement with Option Care. So, our whole objective here is to simplify our portfolio. That’s most important for us is to simplify. And then, when you see us strategically invest, it’s about our healthcare growth. And so, we’ll be very deliberate about that and send that through a strategic funnel as we think about what we do next. To talk a little bit about our work with Boots, we went through a confidential process. We achieved a high level of interest, about 8 to 10 interested parties. And we were really encouraged. There were productive discussions with a wide range of individuals. And the markets turned on us and we went in another direction and decided to hold on to that asset. And you can see their performance, as we finished, fiscal year ‘22 was strong. And so, we’re going to continue to work there in Boots and keep it strong until we make a decision there. So, that’s one piece to think about. And then, again, just going back to look at the work that we’ve already done, we’ll engage Village, our CareCentrix team and Shields. And with Village, we don’t have a number out there that we’ve settled on in terms of a preconceived number, and then we’ve not made any plans with Village to go any further at this point. But, the work we’re doing with them right now is very strong. It’s probably the center of our healthcare work for us. And so, we’re excited about it, and it’s going well.
Roz Brewer: So, there’s a couple of access points that we have. It really lies in the space of the digital work that we’ve done over the past couple of years, and it’s mounting. We opened the conversation today and talked about that we had 102 million members right now coming through our Walgreens -- myWalgreens app. Those are customers that come into our stores in various ways. And then, we also are aware of what they purchase. So, a lot of this has to do with the data and analytics that we’re pulling together around the customer and speaking to them on a one-to-one basis, and then we can reach back out to them and then engage -- reengage them back into the process. So, we can track script loss, we can track their activity in the store, and we put that information together and then tie them back into that actual physical location that they had their script at in the past. So, that’s the work that we’re doing and the marketing dollars that come behind this are not the traditional marketing dollars from years past. This is primarily a digital plan.
Roz Brewer: The only thing I’d add to that is the uniqueness in the UK, the airport locations, if you look at just segmenting where our retail exists, airport locations had significant growth and continue to see that. We’re seeing recovery in our convenience locations. And then, as James just mentioned, where we need to see some improved performances around our flagship stores and those stores that are on high street and some of the destination and health and beauty area. So, we’ll continue to see the nice work that the UK team is doing in that business and watch things like they’re facing energy cost, and we just wonder if that’s going to slow down traffic over a period of time. So, we’ll keep -- we’re optimistic on the UK business.
Roz Brewer: Okay. So, labor trends in Walgreens Health side, there’s really no impact there. That’s our primary care physician, physicians through VillageMD. We’re continuing to grow the number of primary care physicians. So, we’re really not seeing a labor issue on our Walgreens Health side. It’s primarily in our retail sector and foot traffic in our stores impacted by what we have to do. I’ll give you some examples. We still have emergency callouts as people are diagnosed with COVID. And so that requires us to take a look almost daily at who’s running the pharmacy and the pharmacy technicians. And then, the second part of that is to make sure that some of this is geographically based, too. We’re seeing in the upper northeast, areas like Vermont, in those areas that we’re seeing that really the workplace and people reengaging in work is not happening as quickly. So, we’re working a little bit harder to reengage people to get them back to work, and that’s why you see some of the incentives that we’ve had in getting people to sign up for bonus pay and starting with our pharmacists. So really, what we’re seeing in terms of labor, we made investments over the time frame we announced last year that we would go to $15 an hour on our hourly labor. That has helped us tremendously because we’re competitive in the stores. And that’s rolling out and will be finished in the next -- I think we’ve got another 12 months to roll that across the country. So, the combination of our investments in labor and improving our working conditions in stores, all of those things are driving our employees back to the store. And also, you’re probably seeing some issues with labor in different sectors. But I would have to say that we’re doing our best work in terms of best jobs and best pay for our labor model that we deploy in our stores.
Roz Brewer: So, thanks again to all of you all for joining us today. I personally appreciate the engagement and the relevancy of the questions. We were very intentional about making sure that you knew we were committed to you with as much detail and transparency as possible. And we shared even more information about how WBA is executing well on the four strategic priorities and then how we’re transforming rapidly into a healthcare company. Those are the real takeaways there. But to just recap, as we close this down, I know it’s been a couple of hours is, I want to remind everybody that we’ll be focused on accelerating our growth and profitability in our U.S. Healthcare segment. We’ll focus on optimizing our best-in-class assets and our partners. We’ll focus on driving positive momentum in our resilient core business and making significant progress on talent and capabilities and moving quickly to simplify our portfolio. And we’ll do this at a pace to deliver our long-term growth algorithm. So, we look forward to continue to keeping you fully updated as we build on our success in the months ahead. We hope you have a great rest of your day. And as always, we deeply appreciate all of your support and commitment to the bright future we’ve planned. Thank you so much.
James Kehoe: Yes. And Lisa, we -- you asked about the long-term margins. We’ve given a long-term target of mid-teens, and that’s probably even a little bit on the conservative side. And as you’ve seen, we’ve started flipping the metric to EBITDA to emphasize that we’ve already passed the peak of heavy investments. And I think as you look out over the coming years, I think we will -- we have Shields which is immediately profitable, and we’re not breaking out by unit, but it’s at least $100 million profit in the fiscal ‘22. And that is growing like gangbusters. We’ve given you the revenue growth. And you can probably assume that the profit growth in that business will outpace the revenue growth as it scales. And CareCentrix is a new acquisition. I think you can make your own estimates. I think we’ve said in the past it’s like mid- to high-single-digit margins. And we’ve given you a revenue number. We’ve given you a growth number. So, that’s pretty easy. I think the one we -- you’re probably struggling with a bit is VillageMD. We’ve been quite clear on this one that that’s in investment phase, and we actually accelerated the investments in 2022. So, instead of 160 clinics in calendar ‘22, we’ve gone to 200. So, we’re actually doing the smart thing. We’re doubling down. This is a scale business. The unique part of, as John said about the model is, this is not an Oak Street. This is a model that breaks even in year three. So opening clinics for us, yes, it will be painful in the first two years, but then the returns are outsized because we get a very rapid payback, so. But realistically, if you plot out the number of clinics, it will be fiscal ‘25 before we’re EBITDA breakeven and the same goes for the organic business. And just to add on to what John said is there is a lot of excitement amongst the partners we have been discussing with. We do expect to take delegated risk in probably in the near-term, so 6 to 12 months kind of time frame. So, we’re very excited by it. And we’ve called up the revenue guidance as -- and that is basically just coming from better visibility as we went through all the business reviews in the three-year plan. And we’re very excited by the signal that’s sending and for strong operational plans behind each one of those.
James Kehoe: Yes. I think on the debt paydown, I think we’ve got exiting the year of $12 billion of debt. Well, we also have a lease liability of $24 billion. So, I think you can do the calculation yourself. Our target is 3.75 debt to EBITDA for Moody’s and 4 times for S&P, and we’re currently running above those levels, and we have taken commitments with the agencies to get them below these levels. So, I’m not giving an absolute number. What I would point out, though, is the tremendous flexibility we have in our portfolio. We have a lot of assets, and a fair portion of them are liquid. So, it gets back to your M&A question. Should we need to do M&A more likely to be EBITDA accretive? And then secondly is we have a lot of firepower to do EBITDA because we have a lot of assets that are not necessarily very close to the core. So, we feel like we’re in a fairly good position. But your question is the right one. We will, in the short term, focus on internal and actually potentially some M&A but not very large. We will focus on investment in the business and debt paydown. And then, as you look forward beyond ‘23, we’ve put it in the materials, our cash flow generation improved substantially when we get into ‘23 and ‘24 as healthcare investments taper off and it turns profitable. At that stage, we probably have fairly significant capacity to return capital to shareholders. But a lot can happen between now and 2024.
James Kehoe: Yes. We think we’ll have -- I think I’d almost take it up a level up on to the pharmacy business. We actually see pharmacy growing next year. So, you take out the impact of COVID, and we’re expecting a very strong performance across pharmacy. And there’s a couple of factors. So, number one is scripts. So, you asked the number one question, and we expect script growth of about 5%, which is well above what we’re currently doing. We expect an acceleration as we go through the year. And that directly answered your question. We expect 50% to come from either the labor investments, our fairly sizable marketing investments we’re making on customer retention and regaining lost customers because, frankly, we lost customers during our over-focus on COVID, and now we’ve got to win them back. So the short answer is we’re investing in people, and we’re investing in marketing and we’re investing in attracting and winning back the patients that we lost. But, if you look at the bigger picture, so a 5% script growth that generates significant profit growth. And obviously, it is ahead of us. The other factor is reimbursement. This is quite an unusual year because we have 95% of the contracts closed. So, we have extremely high visibility to the actually reimbursement number, so 95% closed. And this is -- some of our contracts are in the second year. So, this is a stepdown year. So, the reimbursement in 2024 is around 80% to 85% of the reimbursement -- sorry, in ‘23 is 80% to 85% of the reimbursement level in ‘22. So, we’re getting a favorable, call it, net margin compared to what a typical year would look like. The third one is we have pharmacy services. So obviously, as we’ve gone through COVID, we’ve developed new capabilities, and there’s lots of states opening up the ability of pharmacists to do more activity. So our pharmacy services business is growing quite strongly. So there’s three things: script growth, which is big investments to drive script; and two is it’s an easier than norm reimbursement net of procurement here; and then, the third one is a fast-growing pharmacy services business. So, we have a fairly strong plan for the pharmacy business for next year.
James Kehoe: Yes. Maybe I’ll just give you some of the impacts that are already assumed in the P&L. And we’ve essentially planned for a moderate recession, but there are significant impacts in the income statement. We’ve got about $0.08 or $0.10 of higher interest cost. We’ve got lower pension returns in the UK, that’s like $0.04. And the labor investments we’ve talked about are not necessarily directly a recession impact, but we have a very high level of inflation planned in the income statement. So I think the total inflation impact in the U.S. income statement is probably, I guess, $700 million. And we have a significant cost program in the U.S., the TCM program offsetting that, right? And then the other thing is that we do have -- still have some assumptions on supply chain and inflation. I see that a little bit as of an opportunity. We see China becoming less difficult right now and shipments are coming out way faster. And I think there’s a bit of a release in the system. The latest inflation numbers are not particularly encouraging, but we’ve planned the inflation side of the envelope quite in a detailed way. I think your real question is about how do you offset it. And maybe I’ll flip to the retail side of the business, right? So, I think you have to look at track record as you look forward into our plans. And the track record of the U.S. front of store business in ‘22 was we grew overall volume at -- sorry, comp revenue at 6%, of which about 3 points came from OTC test but still a strong 3% across the business for the year, and we increased margins at the same time. So, we could walk and chew gum, right? So, the margins went up. Despite all of the inflation, supply chain, the confusion around COVID and the stress on the stores, we still delivered this kind of performance. So, looking forward, we have planned for inflation. But our offsets are coming from a lot of the levers we pulled in the current year. One is, we are assuming next year a comp growth of about 2% to 3%. So, we’re not expecting a deceleration versus the previous year, we’re expecting repeat what we did in the base here. Two is we have a lot of marketing levers. It’s not just the omnichannel and digital investments that we’ve been making over the last two years. There’s a customer value transformation program that has delivered significant margin enhancement in the -- in 2022. And that will continue into 2023. And the big one is owned brands. We didn’t get entirely to the targets we expected in ‘22. So actually, we see owned brands being an even bigger lever going into ‘23 and ‘24 So, owned brand assortment -- and that will drive tremendous mix. We have strong owned brand positions in some of the health and wellness categories. But have we covered them all? No. Should we be covering them? Yes. And are they very profitable? Yes. So, we’ve got a lot of plans, more of the same and more on top again while we’re very excited by front of store.
James Kehoe: No, we actually did pretty good in fiscal ‘22 on availability in the stores. It wasn’t in line with prior levels. But I think if the prior years were at 96 or 98, I think we were up 92 or 90, right? So not dramatically different. So I think the supply chain guys here did a really good job on getting stock in. Seasonal was not great in the current year. We missed some of the seasonal. But the core health and wellness products, we generally have stock across the stores. And that’s one of the opportunities we have in the current fiscal year is supply has released -- freed up from China. So seasonal -- all the seasonal holidays will be better than they were in ‘22.
James Kehoe: Yes. So I think just -- maybe add in a little bit on the portfolio. We can’t say anything about any of our future actions. But I think you should listen to what Roz said that we are -- we’re very, very focused on simplifying the company because it’s too complex for investors. And then, the second piece is, we are focused on our debt and returning value to shareholders. So, we will be in cleanup mode for the foreseeable future.
James Kehoe: Yes. What all I mean is if you look at absolute in the income statement in 2022, the ‘23 number is about 80% to 85% lower just because certain of the contracts are on a year or two of the contract. And then -- but the most important factor is we have 95% of the contracts closed. So, the volatility in the guidance is reduced, right? So -- because that’s what it all is. It’s all about volatility. And we got the question on ops and risk. The only thing we theoretically can control, we can influence very heavily, is Rx scripts. But the reimbursement rate is not a large concern going into the year.
James Kehoe: Yes. I think we have a large -- and I’d leave it on that. I think if you look at ‘24 and ‘25, we have a large opportunity on capital deployment. So, it is -- it’s either share repurchase, it’s M&A, and it just becomes a discussion on which one is more accretive and which one drives more shareholder value longer term.
James Kehoe: Yes. And then, you had a question on the foot traffic. So, it’s a great question. In the UK, foot traffic is below pre pandemic, but the center of city plus travel locations continue to improve sequentially every quarter. So, there will be improvement over -- but I would say the recovery will not necessarily be absolute, and it will be over a multiyear period. The key question is how many people go back to the office. Central London is very, very driven. There are many people in train stations and many people are actually doing this office trip. And until -- and I don’t think it’s realistic to assume that you’re going to get 100% return to pre-COVID office behavior. So, the flip side of this is that we believe that we’ll continue to capture the larger basket size because that’s a behavioral shift that has changed and it hasn’t been deteriorating and plus the shift to omnichannel. So, I would say that the store will never get back to exactly where it was before in the UK. but we’ve more than compensated by the omnichannel and the size of the online business. So, as I said before, we’re much, much stronger overall in the UK. And our shares -- our share -- the proof is in the share of market. Our share of market is already higher than COVID on a value basis. So, in one way or another, we’ve captured back the value that’s in the UK market and more. And I think that’s the ultimate test. I don’t have three-year stacks in the U.S. on foot traffic.
James Kehoe: Yes. But I think it wasn’t as dramatic in the UK. The drop was not as dramatic because our stores stayed open, and the UK -- sorry, in the U.S. In the UK, there were actually shutdowns of some of our stores in select locations. So the trough wasn’t as deep in the U.S., and the recovery was much, much quicker in the U.S. But I don’t think it’s entirely recovered to pre-COVID.
James Kehoe: Yes. Look at U.S. Healthcare, you’re right. Yes, you’re right. U.S. Healthcare as an EPS will still be a headwind in the first quarter, will be neutral in the second quarter, and actually, healthcare turns to be a generator of favorable EPS growth in the second half of next year, if there is a large phasing impact on healthcare.
James Kehoe: Yes. On the recession risk and international, we’ve already built in a fairly -- I wouldn’t say conservative, but a realistic plan. And the -- I would argue, the recession has hit -- if there is one, has hit the UK already. So, they came in with their budgets, and we had a robust discussion on what the outlook looked like. And they’ve probably built a scenario that is a recession, whereas in the U.S., it’s moderate recession stance. So, that covers that piece. And then, on monetization, we can’t speak that much about it.
James Kehoe: It’s just not -- it’s impacting other people’s share prices. But I think you need to go back to the prepared comments. We want to simplify the Company over a fairly short period of time. But that’s not saying what we’re going to do specifically next year.
James Kehoe: Yes. The -- I’d kind of simplify and just summarize the U.S. business. We said that the pharmacy business is $0.45 favorable. Retail was negative 48 -- sorry, positive 48, and SG&A negative 55 million. So, we had a robust discussion that labor and significant investments to drive top line are mostly offset by transformational cost management program and cost programs. They’re all very well defined there’s people and names beside each initiative in the SG&A. We had the discussion on retail. Shrink specifically, I think, is an $0.08 favorability in 2023, if you want the specific number. But, the retail story of $0.48 is all about the comps are growing at 2% to 3% ex COVID impacts. Mix will be significantly positive because of a large drive on new own label and assortment. And then finally, the strategic planning and customer -- sorry, strategic pricing and customer value transformation. And you get into Rx, and we said the scripts were up 5%. And we have very large visibility to reimbursement, which is slightly lower than the previous year. And we have high visibility to cost evolution on generics, which continues at a similar pace in 2023 as we did in ‘22, so. And then pharmacy services was the last piece. So, I think we have significant programs and drivers behind each of the numbers we gave you. And I hope you appreciate we’re giving a lot more guidance on the individual components of the business and what’s driving them.
James Kehoe: Sure. So, it’s actually $0.60. And the two biggest drivers -- well, I’ll give you one is ABC, for example, we sold some of our shareholding. That cost $0.14. So, it’s not a small number. And then, the financial climate, we have lower pension returns in the UK, that’s about $0.05. And then, ForEx is $0.12. So, there’s a lot of corporate type items that have nothing to do with the core business. And then, if you take the core of the business, the pharmacy business is the largest variation. That’s about $0.30 and it’s coming from two things. 340B, it’s not a particular headwind year-on-year, but versus our original guidance, it’s a very large number. It’s almost all of the $0.30. Script volume: Script volume is worse than the prior guidance, but so are the procurement savings is -- are way, way better and they offset that. So I would have called it a 340B issue on pharmacy. And then, if we flip to SG&A, it’s about $0.30 worse, and that’s all from labor costs. So it’s all the pharmacy and labor that we’ve put in place. So, if you wanted to kind of simplify it, there’s a bunch of corporate stuff, call it $0.20 or $0.30, and then there’s a 340B issue.
