Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Lisa, it's Alex here. Yes. I don't think we have much to add. We still see the same position as we saw in the last update. We are confident we will grow in 2018, and we're also very confident about the customer care we're providing to our partners. That's actually helping to make customers more sticky and grow and stay with us as well. So nothing really more to add to that. The numbers we gave seem consistent with what we've seen since. And of course, we'll give a further update when we have the total market available, probably sometime in April, May or June, as it becomes much clearer.
Alexander Gourlay: Again, we don't disclose, as you know, the commercial contracts. We speak all the time about pharmacy reimbursement pressures, so that continues to be a feature of the Med D market. We manage our price to the marketplace, and we do that very carefully. And we're confident that we can sustain the appropriate margin with the volume we've got. Some of the contracts that we became less excited in, of course, we have improved the payment. And of course, some of the contracts stepping down is normal this time of year. So overall, we feel okay about the margin. It's pretty much on trend.
Alexander Gourlay: George, no, I didn't say - I apologize. Sometimes my accent is a bit hard to pick up. I didn't say that at all. But on the comment on generics, we're really seeing a very similar trend in the marketplace. So we're seeing deflation. Obviously, the market's a bit consolidated, and we feel good about the work of our colleagues in Walgreens Boots Alliance development and we feel confident. We work with manufacturers in a very consistent way and over time, so no change. I apologize if my remarks were picked up wrongly. We're seeing the same trend, and we feel good about the capability we have to manage this well in this marketplace.
Alexander Gourlay: Yes. So again, we are working - as Stefano said in his concluding remarks, we are working really hard to rethink and redesign the box. And we've been doing this really for a number of years with a number of tests and trials. And some of them would be -- just to give you an example, beauty differentiation's the best example, but many others like the mobile app who we have - again, George in his remarks announced 50 million downloads and a 5-star app. So we're putting all of this together in a single-format trial. Some time later on this year, we'll give more details as we step into it. And we feel very confident that, that box, that single format, we will be able to generate more value from that in the immediate and long-term. The data we're seeing, as we develop our ability to use [indiscernible] data in a different way, particularly in the front end, we are very confident about as we re-merchandise and simplify and make sure that we have a differentiated offer. We've been doing all of that, of course, not just to Walgreens but into the Rite Aid stores that we have acquired. And last but not least, we feel good about our access strategy. Again, the numbers are very clear, 1 billion prescriptions for the first time ever in Walgreens. And we think we can continue to grow volume by giving good value and great care.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Glen, it's Alex here. Again, I think, specifically, in this period, remember the prepared remarks George made about the specialty mix, which was 140 basis points. And as you also recall, we announced with our partners, Prime, through AllianceRx, the successful FEP contract which kicks off in this quarter we're in - or in the last quarter. So that mix is quite important as you look at the margin. But more in a long-term trend, we expect to see the long-term trends remain the same, and we said that consistently. That hasn't -- our point of view hasn't changed. We expect to lever the same levers which we've successfully used and will continue to use, costs, cost of goods, developing this front-end margin in a way that we described in the previous question and, importantly, volume. Again, we do believe that we are able to drive volume through our pharmacies in the way we've done in the last 2 years as well. These are all levers we will use to ensure that we drive gross profit dollars and adjusted operating margin -- adjusted operating income, sorry, in the business. 
Alexander Gourlay: Again, I can comment specifically on the U.K., which is our main pharmacy business. Of course, in Europe -- we have many other businesses in Europe, but this is the main pharmacy business. The government have taken a large amount of money out. We've been very clear on that and went to the second phase of VAT. And this is something that is a cycle, as mentioned by Stefano before. Almost every decade this happens in the U.K. And we're managing our business appropriately. The pharmacy business is very important to our brand and to our customers in the U.K. and we have the scale and we have the presence to manage this appropriately. So again, it's a tough environment in this period because the government action has been beyond normal. That will come back to normal action in the future years again, and we remain confident we can manage it in that cycle.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, it's Alex here. As we said in the last quarter, we are very comfortable growth at the market or near the market next year. That's why don't see that as a problem given the changes that we have seen so far. And then on top of that, we do have the additional stores from Rite Aid coming in. It's non-organic, it's non organic growth as well, to help to drive our platform, our buying power and of course, our efficiency. So again, we have different ways of delivering growth. And as you've seen over the last few years, this growth is what we intend to do and I think that's a great example of how, as we move from one phase or maybe into another phase of growth with the same focus and the same intention. The last thing I would say is that we remain extremely committed to partnership in this sector as well. I believe that we provide great value, and I believe that our partners will see consistently us delivering for them what they need from this marketplace as it changes and becomes more competitive. So really, no change. We remain confident, and evident that we are growing in pharmacy this year compared to -- growing above the market this year compared to the previous year.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi John -- hi Brian, sorry, it's Alex here. I think that -- we're really pleased with the tests we have. It's a strong model, it's a good brand. It's really link, to be honest, to know the success of this. So far, so good, then we'll update you when we have more information and more confidence in the overall model. It would make sense, from a customer point of view, that you can pop into a convenient location, that we have the, a, corners across America, everybody knows that, the best corners in America. So it makes sense from a customer and patient point of view that you can go in and get yourselves sorted, when you have an accident or when you need a medical or something of that type, which is what MedExpress does. So, so far, so good, but very early on and related to give any information that would really make a bit of a narrative, to be honest. I think in terms of the clinics, I mean, we're really pleased with the partnerships we've got there. They are local, which is important to the health systems. We are providing different services depending on what we want to do and what the local needs are, and it fit really well into Walgreens' brand. And of course, as we said, when we did these partnerships, we have the opportunity of providing more pharmacy services to the health care systems alongside that, which is the bit that you don't always see. So again, these are more mature. We are performing exactly as we wanted to. They are different from location to location, bringing added value to customers and driving - [Technical Difficulty] of a relationship in our pharmacy business with important health care partners.
Alexander Gourlay: This is absolutely not a defensive strategy. We have got a fantastic supply chain. We are situated closer to America's rooftops [ph] than any other retail brand, and we've got a -[Technical Difficulty] and pharmacists inside that retail brand. So this is about us definitely -[Technical Difficulty] As redefining the promptness of -[Technical Difficulty] Locations across America. This is not a defensive, and FedEx have been fantastic partners, and we're really pleased, the progress we've made, particularly in the holiday season.
Stefano Pessina: You see, when we approve a new contract, of course, we make sure that we can afford the contracts. And so if we give some additional discounts, if we could use our margin from one side, we analyze during the contract where we can recover all or most of the margins that we are giving away. And this is why our results are quite consistent overall, and this is why we are not losing dramatically or at all in our bottom line, in our operating -- overall operating margin, adjusted operating margin, because every contract is studied and approved if we understand or know how to compensate for what we have to give.
Stefano Pessina: Listen, we have a clear model, and we are doing certain trials. And we are, let's say, finalizing agreements with certain partners. But you will understand that we cannot present a full model today. As we said, you will hear more from us during this year, during 2018, at the end of the year, but some of the things that we are doing are commercially sensitive, as you can imagine. So you can be assured that, in our box, you will find all the things that we have been talking about until now and, I hope, something more.
Stefano Pessina: But you see, in Europe, we are used to it because in all the European countries, I would say, for the last 20 years maybe, we have seen the government pushing down the margins of the pharmacies, the margin of the distribution. So it's a part of the business, and we know how to react and we react. And of course, in Europe there had been a great consolidation, there had been a great improvement of the efficiency of all the operators. Now generally, this is quite -- it goes through, I would say, quite smoothly. We see some shock today -- in this year mainly, I would say, for the Brexit because this has created a lot of instability not just in U.K. but also in the rest of Europe. And also, the strong FX, we were not used to see the pound depreciate 20% in 1 day or 2 days. We had very big depreciation in the past. We created the euro and the depreciation were much more under control. And to see again this big fluctuation and big depreciation has created an environment which was a little difficult to control. Now these things are coming back slowly into normality, and all the business will come back to normality. But this might be considered quite an exceptional situation overall in Europe. And you see that after all, we and the other operators, in spite of these big changes, have been able to -- in constant currency, have been able to stay more or less where they were before. They are all about there.
Stefano Pessina: You understand -- Stefano here. You understand that we produce a lot of cash every year. And you have seen this in the last year, we have increased substantially the cash we're able to create. And of course, we have to use this cash, either we have to do some external acquisition or we have to buy back shares or we have to increase the dividend. But we have, in any case, to use this cash. We have found ourselves in an awkward situation because we have done -- or we intended to do an acquisition and we have to put the money aside for the acquisition. And after, the acquisition was smaller than anticipated and later, so we had some cash to deploy and we have decided to buy back shares. We hope that we will not find ourselves in a similar situation in future. And we will be able to deploy our cash in a more orderly fashion in future. But for sure, we believe that we don't see any reason why we should not produce the same or more cash in future. Well, of course, this cash has to be utilized or given back to the shareholders.
George Fairweather: Look, where we are, as I said in the prepared comments, is that we're still -- the tax team is still working through this. Obviously, all -- the full details are still in the process of being published, so it would be premature to make any sort of financial comments from our perspective at this point. I mean, for me, the key issue that I'm always focused is -- on is the cash taxes. And as I -- again, as I said in the prepared comments, we'd expect a positive effect on cash taxes. But it's worth remembering, of course, that we are a multinational. It's much simpler for some of the domestic companies to give a fairly quick and dirty estimate. But for us, it takes a little bit of time to work through, and that's what we're doing. But we'll update you in the second quarter, as, again, I said on the prepared comments.
George Fairweather: We completed the $6 billion program. And so other than sort of our normal anti-dilutive program that, obviously, is something that continues on an ongoing basis, we have no authorizations out at the moment for additional share repurchase programs. Obviously, we continue to review our overall position to have an efficient balance sheet, as you will have seen from our track record.
George Fairweather: Well, I think, as we all know, the tax reform has got the potential to help companies such as ours invest, whether that's jobs, equipment, facilities, to grow the economy and open up new opportunities really for Americans across the country. And from our perspective, again, as I said in our prepared comments, we're continuing to invest in the U.S., here in our Walgreens business and our core customer proposition. And very importantly, as you also know, we're planning to invest substantially in the Rite Aid assets post acquisition completion and the big conversion program that we've got to convert the stores to Walgreens. So we welcome the tax reform and see this as reinforcing our opportunities to invest here in the United States.
George Fairweather: We continue to look at M&A opportunities in a very disciplined way. As always, when we are looking at the opportunity for new partnerships, we start with a partnership mentality and look at what the opportunity is and look at the best way to extract value for our shareholders. Sometimes that is just a good commercial arrangement. Sometimes, it's taking an equity-method investment or having a minority partner. And sometimes, it's 100% M&A. But we always start with the mindset of partnership and then, in a sense, what is the logical structure from a shareholder value point of view just really based on the opportunity and how best to deliver it. And we always approach M&A in a very financially disciplined way, and we're very clear on what our returns criteria are. And we continue to look for quantifiable synergies, real hard synergies underlying our key financial models. And then what we always do on top of that is look at the soft synergies, which are the ones one can not quantify but often create a lot of the long-term sustained shareholder value. We'll continue to look at opportunities here in the U.S. and internationally, but -- as you've seen and what we talked about earlier in China, but always in a very financially disciplined way. Clearly, the tax reform and some of the changes in the U.S. make the U.S., in some ways, a more attractive opportunity than it was prior to tax reform.
George Fairweather: The generic procurement pressure point, if I can just - was in relation to the Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, and we emphasize, when we're looking at our generics operation in terms of shareholder value and generic sourcing that we do out of Switzerland, we look at this very much and around as a whole. And whilst we were impacted in this quarter, as we were in the fourth quarter last year in wholesale, we're very pleased with the over performance of our generic sourcing operation. It's just sometimes where it falls and it can be – but I say it's the overall that we're really focused on. In terms of the U.S. obviously, we've just finished December, so we're just closing -- [Technical Difficulty] But what I was trying to do was give you the, a fairly -- [Technical Difficulty] level overview of the performance. And as I said, in the U.S., in pharmacy, you saw strong growth in prescription volume in Q1. As I said in the prepared remarks, we continue to deliver strong growth in prescription volume in December and it's worth reminding ourselves, that we're beginning to annualize the pharmacy contracts that contributed to the fiscal 2017, what's really building on what Alex has just been saying. And then in retail in Walgreens, again as I said, where our comparable December sales were lower than December last year, and it's worth remembering obviously, what I said in Q1. Again, what's really important for us was we delivered a strong performance in our important health and wellness categories. So that's really the sort of the December story. And then in looking back looking into Europe, the, as again, as what I indicated, it was relatively tough trading in December, particularly Boots in the U.K. And that's no different. I believe we're starting to see in the preliminary figures that are [Technical Difficulty] from some of the other large High Street-based retailers in the U.K.
