Wade D. Miquelon: I guess the first thing I'd say is that we absolutely have plans in place to deliver against the framework that I gave you, both with respect to SG&A and COGS. And as you've seen from the data, we have subsequent pools, about $50 billion of COGS and over $16 billion of SG&A. With respect to any specific detail plans, the levers we'll pull are going to be dependent upon how much business we retain or don't. So I don't want to go into significant detail right now on what those are, but I guess I would just say that rest assured that the plans are in place.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean, there's no question that expanding our base for suppliers, including overseas, being more rigorous about our B [ph] processes are all part of that. Also just we're looking at how we run the fundamental supply chain and how we can use different types of partners to help us make more effective is another piece. But again, when you look at the grand scheme of overall costs, we're talking about a very small percent to get back to what we need to offset half of those retention rates.
Wade D. Miquelon: Let me just build on this, too. This 25%, 50% and 75% hypothetical scenarios, this is for a 2012 look. So $0.07 to $0.21 was the impact dimensionalized on those 3 scenarios. But make no mistake about it. Whatever happens January 1 and that quarter, we see as being the toughest period because over time, we plan to win back more and more of those plans in the next selling season as they come up. So again, if you think about time frame, this is the initial time frame, but we see that will be the toughest period, and from that point, we're just going to move and build forward.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, Tom, Greg. I'll take the first half. Maybe Wade can follow-up with cost. We do think -- as I said, unfortunately the offer and the proposal we received was below the industry cost to fill a prescription and we don't think values what we truly can bring to payers and patients across the country. So we do believe that there are hundreds of other networks out there that we work well with, that are looking for a lot of the services and solutions that we're bringing to the marketplace. That's who we intend to focus on. But unfortunately, as I said, the proposal they had on the table was below the cost to provide a prescription in the industry.
Wade D. Miquelon: Sure. I mean, if there's things that are right to do, we will do it anyway. But we'll continue to look and be as diligent as we have to be.
Wade D. Miquelon: The principle is very simple, right? I mean, one is we believe that we deserve fair value for what we do, but importantly, we don't see any reason to give any PBM a substantially better deal than all the others without having done something to warrant it. So it's pretty much as simple as that. If Express wants to give us fair compensation versus the market versus what we receive with others versus the value we provide, then we'll move forward. But if not, that's not really -- it's not really a productive place for us to be in our business. So...
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, we can't -- I mean, we're not going to comment on the proposed merger. All that we'll say is that it doesn't change things, is that if it were to happen, we would expect the fair compensation we get today with them. And if we weren't to get that, then we wouldn't be in that network either.
Wade D. Miquelon: We don't talk about any specific contract, but the reality is that we've had a good relationship with them, and we believe we get fair compensation from all the others and that's why we're working with them. But if that were to change, then it wouldn't work for us either, and we'd have to make the same kind of decision.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, we haven't said specifically of major remodels. Obviously, we plan on -- the next few months here, finishing out CCR. We've got lots of different various pilots underway of different stages. We're seeing great results on those. But with respect to our plans to expand that, we haven't commented on that at this time.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, the front-end is in those numbers, and the front-end loss is very, very small. So we've got lots of data on that. We've modeled that many, many times. So it's in those numbers, but it's basically around there.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, only they know their contracts, obviously, and so, they have to decide what their options are. But it's not just about within their current contracts. People every few years get a choice to consider whether or not they want to stay with that PBM or not. And so at the end of the day, if people can have Walgreens in their network versus not and have it at a competitive price and value proposition over time people choose that, too. So again, we're working with people to explore all their options, but every customer has different contractual obligations, and we honor those. But they have to let us know what it is they want to consider within their framework.
Wade D. Miquelon: No question. For our fiscal period. Remember our fiscal is starting effectively September 1, but our back half is much stronger for generics than our front half.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, we're very, very far apart. And the truth is we also have to make sure we're fair to all of our other partners. So coming to some spot that's not optimal and not fair to everyone else doesn't really work either.
Wade D. Miquelon: No, what I'd say is prior to this Express Scripts event, we had given basically 3.5% to 4.5% as our ongoing kind of systemic model. And within that, we plan on opening around 200-ish stores, which drives 1.5% to 2%. So you could then basically make an inference somewhere between 1%, 1.5% and 2% is more of a normalized comp store range.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think I said before that from the offer they proposed us, there was no scenario we could think of, none, that wasn't financially better for us to move on without them. So you can assume that -- your question's answer from that.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, and I think Greg alluded to it, but I think the key point here is, really, the way we look at our business, both in the daily living as well as in the pharmacy area, is really total gross profit dollars, making sure we drive those and versus less looking at just the margin per se.
Wade D. Miquelon: And I think the big idea here, we're making lots of progress, we've got a long way to go, too, is really just being more relevant to consumers. What we've done across our assortment, what we've done across our décor packages, the new lines we keep in reducing, additional private label, all that is making us much, much more relevant every day. And I think this is the big idea of how we really keep driving bigger basket and more gross profit dollars over time versus just pricing promotion per se.
Wade D. Miquelon: I would say for the most part, it's somewhat of an anomaly. Again, we talked about last year having some low inventory in some of the key categories. But we continue to have many strategies in place to keep driving inventory down. I think there's still room to go. We haven't put a goal around it, but quarter-to-quarter, there could be an impact. Working capital and total, too, was impacted by the WHI transition a fairly large number, and so we'll be out of that now as we move ahead as well.
Wade D. Miquelon: No, that's the fiscal impact. So that would be the fiscal year. So obviously, the impact will be heavier on January 1 than it was in December. But as we go over the next selling season and then we start to cycle, we believe we'll also bring more and more accounts on through different PBMs. And so that starts to offset it and really strengthen our position over time financially.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, let's put it this way. Those numbers are 2/3 of an annualized impact. But as I said before, once we get to the next selling season and cycle into next December and January, we believe it'll pick up a lot of that business with other parties who value Walgreens and want us in their network.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, look, whether that happens or not is not for us to say. We have no official opinion on it. But what I will say is that our principle and our stand doesn't change at all. We need to be provided and compensated fairly by the people we work with, right? To the extent that, that were to happen and we would keep getting compensated fairly as we do today, I suppose we would work with those people. But if there was some shift or change in line with what Express Scripts has proposed, then we wouldn't. It's really as simple as that.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. And more so over time because of our ability to win business back with other parties over time as those contracts renew.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, we know of many, many PBM shifts. But again, for any one of those, it's going to be up to them when they want to announce it. So at the end of the day, this isn't going to be a battle that's won in the newspapers or a battle that's won on conference calls. It's going to be about what customers want and their options and their choice. And over time, we're pretty confident that we'll get back in much of this business with people who value us and see the value proposition we provide.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, we don't talk about plan by plan by plan, but just again, the fact that we said that it's below the industry cost to fill, if everybody took this with every plan, there'd probably be no industry. So again, it's just not acceptable versus what others provide and the value provided. So it doesn't work for us.
Gregory D. Wasson: Andy, Greg. As Wade said and as I said, we're not going to speculate on retention. We do feel that we are having positive response from all of our partners. First and foremost, our intent is to work with everyone, all the partners, our patients, their beneficiaries, to try to find solutions that allows them to continue to use Walgreens. And we are having positive response from many. I think regarding the time frame, I think as we get -- as plans and employers begin to get closer to that time, that cut off for the first of the year, I think you'll continue to see more interest and more activity. And certainly, from our point of view, it's really up to the plans and employers to make that public themselves. We certainly respect their desire to do just that, but we believe that the relationship that we have and we're seeing with patients and employees in the market and the value they place on continuing to use their community pharmacist that they've known and trusted for years is powerful, and we feel good that we're moving in the right direction.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Andy. I think that varies by client and type of client, size of client, and so forth. But certainly, many of them are going to need to be making decisions soon. And again, we're just working with all to try find solutions that help them through this process and feel good about the response we're getting. One thing I would like to say, Andy, this is really not just about Express Scripts. There's a shifting payer landscape. Going forward, payers in general are looking now more holistically to try to figure out how they lower overall health costs and coordinate care. And I think the shift to the individual marketplace away from employer group business over time plays in our favor. I think the shift that there are more payers emerging, health plans, physician groups, health systems all looking for the value that we could help them with. So I think there are going to be emerging payers that we're partnering with. So we absolutely feel good about our strategies and where we're headed, the shifting landscape that we're working with and where we're headed.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, on cost, all I would say is this. As you know, while in some cases their prescriptions will be basically more concentrated to one store versus another, we're not making this just a store problem or just a pharmacy problem or just a pharmacist problem. We're looking at this holistically across the entire company, making sure that we do everything possible to deliver the right cost savings so that we move forward successfully to a new future. So it's really more about that. It's more about taking a principled stand and looking holistically across the company to make sure that we continue to move on over the long term towards our goals.
Gregory D. Wasson: And Tom, I would add that certainly, that's the reason we're kind of looking at this based on retention. And as we learn more about retention, we'll pull the right levers that make sense for our company long term. And our value in community pharmacy has been the great locations, our convenient hours, the fact that we have more 24-hour pharmacies than the rest of the industry combined. So we'll look at all those intelligently based on retention.
Gregory D. Wasson: Scott, as we said, we've got to keep the confidentiality of our partners and respect that. So as we said, we're working closely with many, and as they intend to or desire to release that, they will.
Gregory D. Wasson: As I said, we're not going to give information to that detail yet. As I said, we're encouraged by the response we're receiving.
Gregory D. Wasson: I'd like to add on to Wade's point. Just to be clear, we wouldn't accept terms similar to what Express Scripts has offered us from any PBM regardless of what happens.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, yes. Greg. As I said, we're not going to comment on the merger, but I'll go back to exactly what I said. It takes -- rates that were proposed by Express Scripts, we won't accept those from anyone. Certainly, we'll begin to look at what we can do to reduce costs and COGS just as we are with Express and make the adjustments needed. The main point is, as I said earlier, we are focused on where healthcare is going, what our partners that are out there working with us are looking for us to provide. We're going to drive these key strategies to play a greater role in community pharmacy and greater healthcare going forward. We will see, we believe, a shift to the individual marketplace. Our strong consumer brand and trust with patients in that market, we believe, provides value and wins. We do believe that we'll see government entities and state entities that are looking for additional solutions to provide to their beneficiaries, especially those in underserved communities, where 45% of our stores are located. So we think there's a lot of value to work with health systems and hospital systems like Ochsner and Northwestern and the others I mentioned across the country to help coordinate care. That is where we are headed. So regardless of what happens and what the landscape looks like, we know where we're headed. People are looking for us to provide that type of value, and that's where we're going.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, John, again, without going into the details, again, we're looking for fair reimbursement for the value we provide. And as I said, the proposal we offered was well below the industry average cost to fill, and we're not going to work in that type of environment. We've got too many payers and partners that want more from us, and that's where we're headed.
Gregory D. Wasson: We continue to work with our partners and that's where our focus is, in trying to find solutions for them. And again, to the earlier comment, we're not dug in. If there's a suitable arrangement, we're certainly open. But at this point in time, we're miles apart, like Wade said, and we're working and focusing on helping our partners find solutions.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, a lot of it's really just about thinking differently and reengineering. We're putting a lot of systems in our stores. Our POS system is one example we've talked about many times that we're rolling out now. Makes it much easier for a cashier to work, much more effective, it gives us much better data integration. But these kind of investments in infrastructure and in our people will then help free up time to do other things to help our customers. And so we have lots of efforts like that underway. But I think that's the bigger idea.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Eric. As we've said and others have, I think we're still seeing a consumer that's a little wary. Consumer confidence as we know is down. The good thing is we feel we're well-positioned with our convenience and all that we've done over the past year to really provide solutions to that new consumer. We feel good that we are managing pricing promotion well. I think [indiscernible] and Bryan Pugh and our merchants are doing a good job there, indicated by the fact that our gross profit dollars are up, traffic's up, basket's up. We are able to pass on, due to our convenience, some of the inflation we're seeing. But I think we feel pretty good with our position to continue to do well in a challenging economy.
Gregory D. Wasson: Eric, as I've always said, the key to retail is swinging doors and managing the pricing promotion to get that done. We feel good that we're managing that. The opportunity that we do have is to continue to drive share in private brand with the launch of Nice! And where we're headed there, we think that's going to be an opportunity for us. So we're going to swing doors and continue to make sure that we're driving traffic and basket but at the same time, drive the profitable items that can help us offset that.
Gregory D. Wasson: As I said earlier, we're working with several partners, and we are having several positive discussions. We feel pretty good with those that we're having. We're not going to release any information on that because of the confidentiality of our folks and the people we're working with. I will say at the same time, as Wade mentioned earlier, this is not just going to be a single-year event. In addition to those that we're working with that we believe we'll be able to work direct with and be able to continue to move forward with, there are folks who have the opportunity either this year or over the next couple years to change PBMs. And as we've said, January 1 would be potentially the toughest time for us, but as we -- but we do think that there are folks who want Walgreens in their network and we'll have many alternatives and choices and ways to do that.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. Again, if I can just wrap up, this is unfortunate example of a PBM that has forced a network provider to a point where it no longer makes sense for us to participate in that network. And with that, we know where we're headed. We've got plenty of opportunities to work with providers that want all the services we provide, and that's where we're headed.
