Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. Let me finish today by reminding you of our key priorities as we look forward.  We are working to deliver the benefits of our transaction within our core businesses. These will involve executing our synergies and efficiency programs across the group, including the progressive development of our procurement initiatives. We must also properly manage the assets of the business to ensure we are suitably structured and prepared to address the pressures we face as the pharmacy markets evolve. These pressures may variously be from reimbursement cuts, competitive action or simply changes in consumer behavior. Whatever form they take, if we are properly structured and prepared, operating an efficient, high-quality, patient-oriented pharmacy service, that we will earn the right not just to participate but to be an architect of the changes in our market. We are already seeing the benefits that can be achieved in retail with the initiatives under way at Walgreens and ongoing at Boots. We must ensure that we get the best return for our investment and create the best environment for our employees and customers alike. This will require us to operate enhanced systems and control so that we can monitor and manage our business properly.  Now many of you have asked where we are on the CEO search. As you know, we formed a search committee of the board and they have been working with one of the top executive recruiting firms to help us find a new CEO. Currently, we are in the process of reviewing the candidates they have proposed. Finding candidates with the combination of attributes that we deem important for the role is naturally challenging as we expected that -- it to be. But we remain confident that in due course, we will find the right person for the job.  Lastly, as the new culture takes hold and finds roots in a company, you can see echoes of it in all parts of the business. I hope that in one particular area, you are seeing the new culture emerge very clearly and that -- and the different [ph] now approach to our owners and the financial community in general. I have always viewed investors as my business partner, and I hope that they will view me in the same way.  As an organization, we strongly believe it is our duty to care for our shareholders and to ensure that we are as accessible, responsive and transparent as we can be. We also believe in being proactive in reaching out to our investors to properly understand their requirements and to ensure that in our investor relations effort, we have as mindful -- we are as mindful of our shareholders as we are of the patients in our pharmacies or our customers in wholesale. I think that Gerald and his team have done well to demonstrate this new [indiscernible], and it is a great pleasure to see, although there is still more to do. We are in the first steps of a long and exciting path, and I look forward to traveling it with you as fellow owners and partners.  As I said earlier, I am optimistic about the long-term future of our company and have made a significant personal commitment to our future not only as the Executive Vice Chairman and acting CEO but also as a significant shareholder. I am convinced that the formation of Walgreens Boots Alliance is a unique first, which will almost inevitably lead to many other new firsts in our industry. It may not yet be clear which steps these will be, but we are determined to continue to show the way and be at the forefront of innovating health care. Our ambition is to build a generally global company and a universal health care champion. We look forward to providing a more comprehensive outlook on our future strategy and value creation next week at our first Analyst Day.  With that, we are now ready to take your questions. 
Stefano Pessina: Well, what we think is not really important. The reality is that, as I have said many times and I have realized immediately after being for 2 weeks in the job, is that this market, the American market, is ready for another round of consolidation because the margins are squeezed everywhere. The government is more and more in charge for the cost of the health care business. And so for sure, they will exercise their power to squeeze the costs as much as possible, as we have seen in Europe for decades. And so the complex structure of the -- of delivering the medicines to the patients will have to be rationalized. And as a consequence, it's easy to believe that we will have additional synergies coming from M&A activities. These could be, of course, at the level of horizontal consolidation. But in many layers of the chain, the consolidation is still up and is still quite advanced. So it's very likely that we'll see also vertical consolidation. And the opportunities are there for everybody, and we will see what happens. But as I have said before, we want to be, as we have been in the past, at the forefront of changes. And so if there is a need for a consolidation will be confirmed. We will try to be part of it. 
Stefano Pessina: Well -- Stefano. In -- of course, we are looking at the market. I have already said that we have been here for a little more than 3 months. I believe that we are starting to understand quite well the market and there are many opportunities. When we talk about opportunities, of course we don't exclude typical M&A opportunities. But there are many, many opportunities which are not related to an acquisition or to a merger, related to a potential joint venture, commercial joint venture, as we did initially with WBAD. When we approached Walgreens, so when we started our discussion, the first thing that we decided was to create these joint ventures to buy together, and this joint venture would have been there even without the merger. So there are many ways to deliver synergies. And of course, we are open to any kind of organization which can improve the value of our company, and we are analyzing many, many different alternatives. And of course, it depends also on the maturity of the potential partner, from the willingness they have to do something with us. What I was saying is that the market, that goes clearly in one direction, and sooner or later these kinds of things will happen. 
Stefano Pessina: We have always been able to face the opportunities because -- of course, it will take time to create the platform here in Walgreens Boots Alliance, a solid platform, because of course, we have to integrate the 2 companies. The integration is doing very well. I have to say higher than my expectation. But still, there is a lot to do. But the fact that we have not yet finished this job doesn't mean that we cannot do something else in the meantime. So of course, if we had an opportunity, we will take this opportunity. And any big, important opportunities, be it an M&A activity, be it a joint venture, a commercial joint venture, takes months to be perfection, I said, to come to life. And so we will have time to continue our integration while discussing the -- with other possibilities. So of course, you'll -- if we will see opportunities, we will be ready. 
Stefano Pessina: And so you don't have to be too impatient. At the end of the day, you have to leave us with something to tell you next week. 
Stefano Pessina: But also -- Stefano here. Also, we are talking of a few hundred stores that we -- the stores that we have already closed, a few hundred stores. It means a few percent, a few unit percent of the number of stores that we have. In reality, all the retailers should, let's say, have a program on maintenance for their stores. And if -- when you have such a vast territory, such a high number of stores, that inevitably you will have some stores which have been maybe profitable in the past and are not particularly exciting today, and you will need to open stores in areas which didn't even exist in the past. So the reality, you see a certain concentration which is still small because a few hundred out of 8,300 stores is not a big number, but you'll see it's a certain concentration because this program has not been done in the past in an orderly fashion. In the future, once we have, let's say, recreated this new base, I believe we should every year look after -- review all the stores. And if we have -- every year, if we have to close 10 stores or 5 stores or 15 stores, we have to -- we will have to do it in order not to have this concentration of stores just in 1 year. Because it's better to do this gently over time, practically this will be business as usual and nobody will see it in reality even inside the company. 
George Fairweather: Well, and our first priority, I think -- now remember, we're -- when merged at a relatively short time, our key priority is to see what additional savings were achievable. The second, the increase of $0.5 billion will take time to come through. So quite a lot of this will be into the year and into 2017. So it's really over the next 2 and a bit years is how I would look at that in terms of driving performance. I think what 's -- when we're -- the piece I would really reiterate on the guidance that we've given is please do remember the change in currency. I mean, remember, the sterling is about $1.48 today and it was about $1.68 back in August, just as a reminder. So in setting the guidance and in reaffirming the guidance, you've got to take into account that we've had an unfavorable wind on the currency versus some of what we're doing in other areas. 
George Fairweather: Yes. I mean, there's a number of factors. And I know what makes it really complicated looking at half year on half year, and of course it includes the deal and remove the 3-month lag, et cetera. I mean, in terms of Med D steps -- Med D, the step-down, obviously, firstly, we've got 2 months' results in Q2 given this kicks in at the beginning of the year but will impact us for the cool -- the full quarters in each of Q3 and 4. The second half of the fiscal year is seasonally weaker than the first half normally. And of course, I know we haven't got all the comparables to sort of give you the overall seasonality, which makes it tough to model. And then, of course, we've got the exchange rate issues as well coming in because of what's -- where the exchange moved -- the exchange rate has moved over the last number of -- the last 6 months. And of course, we are still bringing in the 45% of AB at that point in time. 
George Fairweather: Okay, I can answer to the inventory step-up. Well, I mean, it was an -- it was $0.08 because under -- and that is in the legacy AB businesses. So it's in the Retail Pharmacy International and Pharmaceutical Wholesale. And that's -- we've -- one of the key differences between adjusted and the U.S. GAAP results. And that's simply because under -- when you're doing the purchase accounting, and we've done the provisional purchase accounting allocation and we've got a year to finalize that, what you have to do is revalue the inventory at a selling price less a small margin. So we're not valuing the industry -- the inventory at cost. So that gets -- what it does is it essentially artificially takes down the U.S. GAAP profit in those 2 divisions as a result. So that's why we've stripped it out to show the operating results with that out. It has no impact at all on the comparables because it doesn't impact the Retail Pharmacy USA segment. I'm sorry it's got so many of these adjustments. We'll try -- next week, I'll try to take you back through them in a little more detail. It really does make it very difficult to articulate the story as clearly as we would -- I'm sure you would like and we would like. 
George Fairweather: Yes, from a volume point of view, we're pleased that volume and really the margins come through as we expected. And so again, there's really -- it really has been a solid selling season and we feel good about the total. 
George Fairweather: I mean, we -- we've obviously got our $3 billion program authorized, so I think that should give you an indication of our thinking in that respect. We've obviously not been specific on this, but we wouldn't put a program in place if we hadn't felt that we have the ability to generate the necessary cash to complete that program whilst maintaining solid investment grade. 
George Fairweather: I mean, in terms of the overall guidance, really today, just reaffirming what the guidance that was put out in the summer last year, recognizing that currency has gone against us, we've not been through, obviously, our detailed -- our intensive detailed budgeting exercises as a combined group, and we're getting everything on a comparable basis under U.S. GAAP. So we're going through quite a bit of change to try and then be -- to go through this process. What we'll try and do next week when we meet is try and give you a little bit more insight into the drivers as we go through each division's section and then we've got the half day on the financial modeling on the Thursday. So hopefully, we'll be able to give you a little bit more insight on that. It is quite complicated because of the lack of comparability because we have obviously put the segments in place that particularly reflects where the -- in terms of where the synergies are, where we're putting the synergies in where the real economic activity is happening. 
George Fairweather: Yes, I mean, obviously, we have a range of stores. I've said before that I'm really going to look at this and this is about 2% of our estate we've talked about this morning. And so therefore, 98% of the estate is in either good or satisfactory order. And I think also, we've done a lot of work on the front end. We are becoming more confident about our ability to not just improve the front end through margin expansion but to develop potential new formats, integrate digital assets to become a new channel. Some of the work Simon and the team have done in Boots has been great in that respect in the last couple of years. So we have different strategies that we will apply over the months and years ahead to make the very most of what is a great set of assets. Stefano said this in the introduction. We have got the best corners in America, and we have looked at them and we still think we have a really important asset that feature the Walgreens company. 
Alexander Gourlay: It's Alec here. Yes, it's a combination of both. First of all, the additional $500 million is going to be almost all be in '17. So this is a result of what we've been doing over really the last 9 months as we've really deeply understood the current operating model and really tried to lay out the grounds for the new operating model that we're going to do through the business. We've been really successful. The team has done a great job in Walgreens in terms of being able to find cost savings that do not affect the customer. The most pleasing thing about this beyond these cost savings is the fact that we're still growing volume ahead of the market, both in pharmacy and in retail products. And also, we're seeing internally our measure in cost of the delay improving. The whole idea of better for customers, simpler for our teams and more faster, agile organization is what's driving all of this, and we'll keep on going as we'll keep on working the old model and trading these processes, the IT structures for new model. So yes, we're delighted with the SG&A savings in this quarter and they are materially better than the same period last year. And as part of the restructuring we started already is in there, but a lot of this also is just due to ongoing cost control and cost management. 
Alexander Gourlay: It's Alec here. Yes, we -- the team has built a new tool and some good data. And so that's -- so this has been driven really from implementation of Balance Rewards, the insights we're getting. And they're driving that through better tools to the merchants. So the merchant teams have done a really great job in terms of understanding more precisely where customers truly value promotions and where actually they don't. And you can see the growth in the front-end margin. You can also see the growth in product sales at the same time. So we've really been able to pull these 2 things off together. And we feel confident with the new tools we've got and the key tools we're developing going forward. Also a great hire. Linda, Linda Filler, has come into us. And again, Linda, we believe, will accelerate our journey given her tremendous experience in Walmart and Sam's Club in particular. So that feels pretty good. In terms of own brand penetration, we've created a new division within our organization, within Walgreens Boots Alliance, led by Ken Murphy. And again, we're able to think about how do we understand local insights in America and also global insights, and Ken will speak more about this next week, and how therefore do we get the right products and the right brands into the American consumers' hands in the drug store channel. Having said that, we've done a couple of things recently. We've issued 2 new masstige cosmetic brands, CIRCA and Colour Prevails. That's happened in the last 2 or 3 weeks. So we're not waiting for that to happen. We continue to work on the basis of growing own brand penetration. So I think in both fronts, we made good, solid progress and there's more to come. 
Alexander Gourlay: Yes, absolutely. We've also got some cost savings timing. So for example, we've got much closer to the plan of how we're going to actually drive the cost savings. And therefore, we've been able to take a few more of the cost savings in the first half relative to the first half of last year. And then the remainder of the year, we have still cost savings coming through. So we actually had quite a lot of cost savings in Q4 of last year to go against. 
Alexander Gourlay: It's Alec here. Yes, we have done a thorough review. And again, we're -- we've been doing this for a while. We've also reviewed the performance of the closure of the stores we made in the last year as well, and the good news there was that we saw more retention of customers and we saw that they'll be able also to retain a lot of our people as well, which is really important to us as a team and as a business. So we feel confident about the number we've given out, approximately 200. And of course, we will tell our people first where we're going to go when actually making these closures. Another key point is that we'll be opening up about 200 stores in the same period. So this really is just getting the right stores in the right place. And I also think it's about the right cash and the right returns per store basis. This is a very individual store-based decision. And of course, the stores which are potentially going to be closed, we have looked carefully at the markets today and the numbers of customers in them and how they shop in that market and also how the population flowed over the course of these stores being open. And we've seen stores which really the population is moving away from and there's less future opportunity than today. 
Alexander Gourlay: It's Al again. Yes, we've made really good progress in terms of inventory reduction. And myself and Jeff are working really close in this together. It's really end-to-end view from the pharma manufacturers all the way through ABC into the work the Rachel Ashworth [ph] is doing in the stores. We're also seeing importantly our service levels improve as well. So again, we've seen this nice thing. When you get less stock out the system, you improve costs and then you improve working capital. And importantly, you improve service levels. So again, we'll continue to work at this. There are more opportunities and we'll do in a really balanced way to make sure that we care for customers first, get it right going forward and we take working capital out. And I'm confident that the working relationship with ABC will continue to improve. And of course, working in Europe, as I did before with Ronald [ph] and the team in Alliance Healthcare, we really worked as well for a number of years and saw more and more opportunities which comes through very clearly in the U.K. business performance for both the Wholesale and the Boots division. 
