Rick Hans: Welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal 2010 year-end conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO will discuss the quarter and fiscal year highlights and our continued progress in executing our core strategies. In addition, Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will detail our fourth quarter and fiscal year financial results. Also joining us on the call, and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, our President of Pharmacy Services. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for the reconciliations. Also, I am available throughout the day by phone to answer any additional questions you may have. You can find a link to our webcast under our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation will be archived on our website for 12 months. We're also making the call available as a podcast. You can download that too at our Investor Relations website. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Please see our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Wade. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions.
Rick Hans: Thank you for joining us today. We'll announce September monthly sales on October 5. After that our next Investor Relations event will be our Analyst Day on November 4. We look forward to seeing many of you there. For those who will not be attending in person, Analyst Day will be simultaneously webcast through our Walgreen's Investor Relations website. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be Wednesday, December 22; that's when we will announce fiscal 2011 first quarter results. Until then, thank you for listening, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Wade Miquelon: I guess the things I would say is, first as gross profit goes, you know we are up nicely this quarter and a couple of factors that played into it. First, from the front-end we are up nicely, which was a combination of many things; it was more effective pricing promotions, more effective plus markdowns, better buying, lots of different factors, but we feel very good about the directionality of the gross profit in the front end. If you look at the pharmacy, basically we had some help from generics in this quarter. As you know, in prior quarters we've had some lags, but we had some help from generics. And that helped to offset some of the underlying reimbursement pressure. And we've also had some positive efforts from reimbursements as well. So that was effectively a mixed bag there. Going forward, what I'd really say is that our team model overtime and again understand quarter-to-quarter there can be some volatility. But what you should be seeing overtime is our continued effort to focus on gross profit dollars. And to make sure that those gross profit dollars overtime are able to outrun our SG&A. And we feel pretty confident we can do that. But that's really the model that we're focusing on.
Wade Miquelon: No I think Greg said it all, I think we've done a good job of bringing it down. You know you've got some reconciling items. So you can see it when you take out things like new store openings and others. We're making real progress. We feel very confident in our Rewire for Growth uptick from year to year. And beyond that, we put a significant amount of effort into looking at how we do kind of continual reengineering process improvement so that it's really an ongoing process of improving things versus getting to one time. So again, we've focused on driving gross profit dollars up and trying to drive SG&A dollars below that. And I think we feel very good about all the good initiatives and interventions we put in place.
Wade Miquelon: Look, I would say I think the store ops and merchandising folks and marketing folks are doing a terrific job. We're focusing on all levers. Right, we've got a lot of good initiatives and plays. The CCR initiative is working and it continues to improve. The various subsets, things like beer and wine are working well. The focus on price and promotions is working well. We're being very disciplined in buying. We're doing better buying. So I really feel like there is a lot of blocking and tackling across all things and I'll to work on that. So I would there is no magic in the improvement, it's just a lot of hard work across a lot of core initiatives and we feel that we're doing the right things right.
Wade Miquelon: I think what I'm try to say is on the front end we'll continue to I think gain momentum on the quarter initiatives we laid out. CCR as you've seen the results, it's still only partially out there. But they're getting stronger all the time. So we believe that is going to give further momentum. If you think about the pharmacy obviously there is a balancing act where we've done a lot of good jobs to take efforts to strengthen and to stabilize reimbursement, although pressure will still be there. But we still got the expansion script life services coming in our favor. And then ultimately, we'll have an illusionary wave. We do have things like AMP out there which are unknowns, but I think that in our model we try to do as good as we can as planned for the toughest case. And then if a better case comes, that's a tailwind as well. So those are the core kinds of things. Again, a look at the economy before, it's very tough out there. Whether it's going to get easier any time soon? Nobody knows. But we're trying to plan a model. It's going to successful even in tough times. That's what we're focused on.
Wade Miquelon: Dilution this year ended up being about $0.05 or $0.06 maybe, a little bit more than we anticipated prior, as we pulled some items aboard. I think next year we're roughly staying around $0.02 to $0.03 dilution. So that might be a little bit on the low end of that, because again we pulled some of those forwards. And then going on, we're move into (our $0.03 to $0.05). For the most part, we're now at the point where it's roughly awash. But again, prior to little bit of dilution last year, but I've hit the low end of the $0.02 or $0.03 because we did pull some of those one-times forward into this prior fiscal.
Wade Miquelon: We had, between the savings that (Duane) cost, its $60 to $70 million more and then the one-times being $40 million less which pushes over.
Wade Miquelon: Well we certainly saw a nice pick-up because we actually accelerated some of our plans for next year into the fourth quarter. So that certainly helped. But I think moving forward those will carry through as well. So our goal is to at least meet our goal of $1 billion, and hopefully we'll beat it. But we're really focused on is meeting it. That's the goal, is to absolutely meet it under any conditions.
Wade Miquelon: Well, Tom, I think great year. I think on the generic front where Kermit was going is, last year was a really tough year as far as the new generic growth that we saw versus the year before. We still have a tough or a tighter year for new generics this year, but it's certainly less than the dip that we saw last year from the previous year. And as you know, by next fiscal year, the following fiscal year we're going to be into the new generic wave.
Wade Miquelon: Remember that this is really, I would say kind of foundational work; it's really, you're just trying to get the base platform right for the future, except that it's increasing our sales, it is increasing our margins, it is helping reduce our working capital and we're providing a better customer experience. I think that's the key thing is trying to keep these four metrics positive as we build that base for the future.
Wade Miquelon: Ann, it's an excellent question. I guess what I would say is, on a relative year-on-year, the economy is factored. Now it's up to us to make (innovations) to be successful in any economy. So you don't have that kind of, call it step-down effects. There is undoubtedly reimbursement pressure. We don't think there's going to be as much pressure as we saw last year. That was probably the greatest year, as we said of $0.5 billion'ish between the less than normal generic lift between AWP and between the variety of other reimbursements. So we think it will be challenging, but not as challenging. A key part of that is A&P. There's certainly a lot of activity happening around that, you know for us to speculate when or if that kicks in exactly on the day the amount is probably a bit premature; there is lot of activity. But certainly we're assuming across all reimbursement, it will still be a challenging environment, although I would say probably not as challenging.
Wade Miquelon: I would hesitate to give any number. I think you know it's premature and some of these things are very binary. But I would say that last year, there was a lot of challenging factors and I don't see this year at least repeating that in aggregate.
Wade Miquelon: As you recall, AMP was included in the Deficit Reduction Act of 2006. And there are certainly reasons that that implementation has been delayed, and one of those is that there's a study out that says over 12,000 independent pharmacies would have to close their doors that couldn't survive in an environment where you have further rate cuts. So there is a challenge around the implementation of AMP, and we recognize reimbursement pressure will continue but we expect to be able to manage our commercial segment going forward as we have in the past. And although the pricing index may change, we wouldn't expect it to have a dramatic impact on our current reimbursement economics.
Wade Miquelon: I think the key thing is that in any challenging economy, one learning globally is, is it is important to focus on value. But value doesn't always mean price. In fact value is about reframing the value you provide. We provide fantastic convenience; we have great private label offerings. If you look across the store, we're expanding things to make it even more convenient for people to get more things. As Greg mentioned, we've done a terrific job of focusing on things like the key value items that people really, really, want to make sure that we're sharp on. So I think the important thing for us is not to just get into a price war game, but to really say, what are the things that we can do to provide value. And even on the back end flu shot, a flu shot from Walgreen's is $30, is a tremendous value. It's cheaper than going to a doctor and getting it, and it's certainly a lot cheaper than getting sick and being out of work or (hastening) contaminant flu or whatever. So I think we are in a good spot to provide good value in the front-end and the backend. And I guess what I would just say is, it's important for us to recognize that that doesn't mean just cutting prices.
Greg Wasson: I'll jump and let Wade kind of tag along a little bit. But our goal was obviously to keep our SG&A dollar growth trending down. We feel good with where we've been over the last quarter or two. And our bigger goal was frankly to make sure that just SG&A dollar growth is less than gross profit dollar growth. So I think we feel good with where we are with rewiring. We're going to deliver the $1 billion that we had set out by the end of 2011. I think we'll continue to see some improvement from the slowing down of new store openings that we called down actually on this call. And we really got some good focus across the entire organization on just cost control. We got a relentless focus on cost. So I think what we could say is we're focused on continuing to drive that trend down and keep it less that gp dollar growth.
Greg Wasson: And, Ed, I'd like to add certainly we've still had a tough economy. We still have a tight consumer. And I would agree with everything Wade said. I think we're doing everything we can do to manage through that profitably. But we still have a tough consumer and we're going to have to make sure that we balance swing indoors without giving up too much margin. I think the operations folks and merchandisers had done a nice job in balancing that.
Greg Wasson: Ed, I'll answer the second one first. And then flu maybe I'll turn it over to Kermit. But certainly, our goal as we stated in 2008 is to get back to double digit earnings growth. And stronger return on invested capital trends in order to grow our shareholder return or shareholder value. So that goal hasn't changed. As far as timing, obviously we don't do that, Ed. I think we're doing all the right things to achieve that goal. As far flu shots, as I said, we've just over two million through yesterday. I'll Kermit kind of maybe take it from there and talk about where we are versus last year. And some of the things that we're doing this year that give us confidence that we're going to hit that 15 million flu shots.
Greg Wasson: I'll jump in. I think certainly for the quarter we saw less aggressive markdowns and summer clearance than we did a year ago. I think that contributed some. I think also less aggressive clearance in our CCR markdowns, we're pretty much through that. That obviously contributed some. But I also think they did a nice job in really maintaining and balancing that pay off between price and promotion. And I think we've done a nice job with what we call our key value items. Our basis everyday items and making sure we're priced right to show value. As well as what we put on the front and back page of our ads. But also at the same time not giving up excess margin. And I think what we're really enthusiastic about is the opportunity that we still have to drive private brand penetration and the learnings that we are able to bring back from Duane Reed to help us expand that. So just a good balance of price and promotion.
Greg Wasson: I think I get all of those Deborah. I think as far as front end there's a contribution to total margin, I don't know if we have broken that out, if we have. But I think we definitely were encouraged by what we did, we do at the front end. As far as the breakdown as I said, I think that we are really focusing to make sure that we are price right on key items that really drive value in our consumers mind today. And our folks are looking for valuable private brands, bonus sizes of national brands. And I think that we just did a nice job, as I said not giving up excess, but at the same time swing indoors. So, I think we have to understand, and we have a pretty good idea of what the value of our convenience is and what that delta is that we can get for that convenience. And I think we're really on top of making sure we manage that delta. I think the next question on loyalty. As you know we have rolled out or started to pilot in three markets, in May of this year. So we got about three to four months of data now. We feel good; we're encouraged with the early results from those three markets. We also, as you know through the acquisition Duane Reade have acquired a loyalty program that gives us a lot more data and some rich data. So we're encouraged where we are. We're willing to get about a good six months to may be eight months of data, before we decide how to fine tune it and when we'd begin to implement it nationwide. We should have enough data after the first year to begin to think about, when we'd go nationwide. Let's see, I think you talked about private label. What I'm encouraged most with was private label is, we've over-penetrated, over indexed in our private label with what where you would think we do and that's an over-the-counter cost goal, the health and beauty type items. We've under -indexed to our 20% or so total penetration in consumables. That's where Duane Reade brings a tremendous amount of expertise and talent because of their history with Loblaws and come out of a strong private brand consumable retailer. So we're looking forward to bring in through a lot of their expertise to drive our penetration in the consumables. And we began that last month or two with our first introduction of the Duane Reade private brand throughout the chain with about 15 to 20 core SKUs.
Greg Wasson: I think all of the above. I think one of the things that we probably haven't maybe talked about as much or maybe even made that clear is that CCR is much more than just what you physically see in the store. And certainly, we're focused on the results that we're seeing in store sales, customer experience, throughput and all of that. We feel extremely good about it. But in the last 12-18 months Bryan Pugh and his team frankly have rebuilt the entire plumbing of our merchandizing process. So we have much better sophistication in the systems to be able to manage multiple planograms or categories. We've really improved our ability to understand pricing in that delta we're talking about for convenience. So I think it's frankly a lot of process system improvement that's helping us manage that and achieve that balance I'm talking about between price and promotion more so than we have in the past.
Greg Wasson: I think the first number you're referring to that I gave is the 35 store pilot group, which we are seeing a 3.7% or so tick up from the previous quarter. And really that's our best control group, or the best group that we're looking at, because we have a good control group of stores to measure. We feel good with the improvements we're making and the trend we're seeing. The other group that we're really focused on that I called out were the 200 stores in the wave two. And we feel good with where they are, as I said the 13 weeks after conversion. So obviously we're running up in comp sales in a tough economy, so we feel good overall. Keep in mind that even though we will only have, or will have 2000 stores converted to CCR, a lot of the CCR benefits we're seeing chain-wide now with the enhanced categories and the assortments that we're able to roll out. So hope that answers your question.
Greg Wasson: Well, we hope that it would Andy, and the good thing is, is as I said that we're a year into those pilot stores, nearly, and we've made a lot of improvement. So we feel good with that trend.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I mean, this is ongoing. This is just the first step of a many-year, (many-light) journey. So it's really trying to improve our store experience to the benefit of our customers.
Greg Wasson: Well, Andy, we feel good with where we are with our direct-to-payer's. And by payer, we look at that as employers, our pharmacy benefit management partners that we work with, health plans, and the government and so forth. I think a good example of the progress we're making in our direct-to-payer approach is what I talked about with our flu shot. We had national agreements with UnitedHealthcare and CIGNA on providing flu shots to millions of their members as well as many of the regional Blues. And that was a result of Hal Rosenbluth and his team that I think you're alluding to. We have consolidated our sales and client services organization under Hal and his teams. We now have one group that's bringing all Walgreen's Pharmacy and Health Wellness solutions to all those payer segments. And I'm feeling very good that we're really encouraged with what's happening there and I think across all payer segments.
Greg Wasson: Hi John, good to hear from you. I think that State Medicaid's AMP, you know I'd kind of lump those all together as Wade said. I think that certainly there's going to be a headwind. And right now there's a lot of moving parts in AMP that we're on top of regarding timing and what the final impact will be. But certainly whatever we end up seeing, not only have we planned forward already as Wade said, but I think we'll still be working with states, both regarding State Medicaid as well as Medicare with the government. But as far as state, we think we can bring a lot of value to the states, not only with how we can help them on their pharmacy costs, but also on their total medical costs. And that's John, I think where we really are focused. And probably the biggest maybe difference between us and others would be, we're focused on helping provide value to all payers including state to lower the total medical costs and not just pharmacy. So we'll be focused on working with them across the entire medical spend. As far as the relationship or the reimbursement environment with the commercial payers, the PBMs and others, I think that it's all about providing value. And I think payers going forward are all going to be looking for help to improve the quality of their healthcare spend as well as controlling that cost. And as I've said several times, keep in mind, pharmacy is only about 10% to 12% of total medical spend for most employers across this country. We are seeing employers more and more focused on looking at how to improve the total medical spend, both from a quality and a cost. So I think it's all about us providing value and that's why we're trying to transform community pharmacy as we are doing, to provide more value.
