Greg D. Wasson: Yeah, so, I mean obviously LIFO to FIFO you never really know until you get the various price increases and things that flows through. I think LIFO was very indicative though over the way we do run our business.Steven J. Valiquette – United Bank of Switzerland: Okay.
Greg D. Wasson: Again I think, with all the things I mentioned we should be able to have nice solid gross profit margin or SG&A dollar growth.Steven J. Valiquette – United Bank of Switzerland: Okay, thanks. And congrats on the ABC deal as well. Thanks.
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah John, Greg. Yeah, I would I guess agree with your comments to begin with the stories of macro trends in February and certainly in March as we said, we got an early Easter, so we probably know more by the time we come through April, but as far as the front-end certainly as Wade said, we are focused on shifting that promotional strategy from (inaudible) to some of the new media opportunities. And I think we’re working to balance both traffic and basket size. I think certainly we want to have both – as I said we are lapping to change in that new strategy beginning actually last month, but we are focused now on really reinvesting some of that margins that we are picking up from a private brand from our Balance Rewards program to focus on traffic. So we want a little more balance going forward and we think we should be able to achieve that. Whether that’s in the fiscal year or not, we don’t want to give guidance, but we think we can achieve that.John E. Heinbockel – Guggenheim Securities: Okay, thank you.
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah, Matt again we kind of focus on comps versus just the Express Scripts, but I think we’re good about our comps and the win back we’re seeing. I think that it certainly is to the earlier call, the macro environment February is tightened up a little bit post Boots events, but I think we feel very good with where we are, we’re on track, and we feel good about our pharmacy comps going forward.
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah, I think it is a fair question. In fact that we believe that actually it will become easier for us as Wade said, we’re actually moving from three to (inaudible) down to one, but I think when we look at certainly our three key objectives, I think we have a real focus in the organization in driving those three key objectives. I think secondly with our partnership with Alliance Boots, and where we are and being on track with that, we feel good there. I think when we began to explore our strategic opportunities for our US supply chain with our exploration of our contract we looked at a lot of different options. And frankly this was the most compelling strategic and financial option that we had. And with AmerisourceBergen’s expertise, Alliance Boots’ expertise, we actually think it can enhance our supply chains and frankly simplify and ease some of the work that we’ve been doing in the past with self distributing. And so we have also established our JVs and our collaborative efforts in bringing them into the fold as a partner that is really, I would argue was not more work, it’s just going to complement and augment what we are already doing.Eric Bosshard – Cleveland Research Co.: Thank you.
Greg D. Wasson: We haven’t dissected the quarter, but we did see nice gains in January as people switched into plans where Wallgreens isn’t preferred, and what we usually see, we saw the year prior is that throughout the year as Part D people are made aware the benefits they can get by going to a preferred pharmacy within that network. We tend to see gains all year long as well. I have to mention the 12,000 people a day which are entering into Part D and getting into a plan, and hopefully disproportionately into a plan that has Wallgreens and/or is preferred by us.Mark Wiltamuth – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Greg D. Wasson: Well Meredith it’s Greg, keep in mind that they deliver daily, which is obviously it improves the service level that we have in our sources we go direct in most cases once a week, I think that the opportunity, think about it this way, Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen are experts in pharmaceutical supply chain distribution. We’re very good at it, but the combination of what they both do to improve our supply chain, take that off of our hand and improve our service levels is really the opportunity that we’re excited about.
Greg D. Wasson: Thanks Ed.Edward J. Kelly – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: I have a question for you related to this along with the original synergy target with Alliance Boots; I think it was kind of ask maybe, kind of different way still kind of unclear to me, practically how does this impact the cap share of the generic procurement synergy that you actually talked about. I’ve asked that question because you had control, I guess in the past right over your own generic purchasing, you’re going to combine that with Alliance Boots, and it’s clear as to how you benefit from that scale. But I think you’re transferring that control to a more synergy’s program, it’s just unclear to me, how all this is going to work and how it flows through into the income statement of the companies.
Greg D. Wasson: Yeah. I mean I think we’ve been, I guess it’s really been a heavy ramp up base with more than 60 million members in very large, let’s say majority of our sales now on the card, it’s really that investment phases, as they are long, the magic now comes with redemption. And that we have a critical math that people signed up or a critical math of purchases, people are getting significant number of points that they can use. It becomes about redemption turning now to delay. And that’s what I think, Greg, we’re running the online promotion. But to some extent to we’re also exiting the build phase on loyalty. And that’s why we see that as a win going forward.
Greg D. Wasson: And specifically to your question, Andy, we’re encouraged by the basket size unless that we’re seeing with lot of the floating numbers.Andrew P. Wolf – BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you.
Greg D. Wasson: Lisa, I think a lot of that certainly is unknown at this time, although we’re beginning to see things take shape. I believe that the first half it’s really community pharmacy has and we’re certainly looking forward to do as to help people understand, educate and navigate to help the government locate folks who are eligible. I think secondly as far as participation in networks, I think you’ll see all the above. I think you’ll see some preferred networks like you are with Medicaid Part D. Then certainly we want to leverage our existing relationships with to participate. Medicaid, I think with the expansion in Medicaid, we’re interesting to see how states respond. I think in fact see maybe – potentially you may see more move into managed plans. But there again, I think we intend to work with them in whatever way or former fashion they’re looking to go forward with its preferred opportunity or not, at least one (inaudible) at the ACA it’s even though a lot of it’s unknown, it’s kind of unfolding before eyes. I think there’s really two positive dynamics embedded in it for us as a community pharmacy. Number one is the fact that similar to Medicare Part D, individuals want to go where they want to go, and so when there is a dynamics that allows people to choose what they want, we typically more times in that are able to be a provider to people that want to go to Walgreen.Lisa C. Gill – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Greg D. Wasson: That’s a good dynamic. I think the second thing is by the nature of this overtime, we’ll be looking to reduce the overall cost of healthcare for the patients and community pharmacy, being more generic utilization, be it for preventing things that we can do on the front line, screenings, compensations, a variety of things, we will deliver for that. So we can – we will expect to be fairly compensated for what we do because the levers that we can pull to reduce the overall cost of that are significant well beyond just the cost of the drug.Lisa C. Gill – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Secondly….
Greg D. Wasson: I think to some degree that’s true, I thought you’re going to say, are we looking into variable pricing, and the answer is no but yeah, for sure, some will be incremental, but also there will also be some shipments of those from mid and small employers maybe others that chose to go in different way and push people to exchanges and from that managed points by zero some gains.Lisa C. Gill – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. I appreciate the comments.
Wade D. Miquelon: Apart from being able to, we continue to win back that business which we are, we also feel very good about the ability to keep growing this proportionally our share of Part D, we were – go ahead I’m sorry, Matt.Matthew J. Fassler – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  No you just go ahead Wade.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think we’re just seeing very nice gains, we are expecting those continue to grow throughout the year as people switch into a preferred plan with Walgreens.Matthew J. Fassler – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood, just a quick follow-up question on the Amerisource deal, if you think about the investments you make down the road, what were the cash needs to be able to fund those, and what’s your expectation for how you pay for it.
Wade D. Miquelon: I think we can do it internally, at least for the first piece 7%?Matthew J. Fassler – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, that’s helpful. Thank you so much.
Wade D. Miquelon: Reflectively they may be like some of our generic distribution assets, but they will get the large benefits by integrating broadly into their supply chain, a lot of our distribution centers have a generic distribution upon in our front-end components, so we’ve got actually lots of volumes still there, and a lot of opportunities to reallocate resources, but broadly they will be taking this volume into their system to get the full scale and efficiencies, and be able to deliver three lines of business task versus just one prior or three lines from three different distributors to include ourselves as one.Meredith Adler – Barclays Capital, Inc.: It sounds like they were very anxious to do this business, obviously there were many, many layers and pieces to the benefits of this, it’s all very interesting, and just talking about the most supply chain contract, it seems like because you have been shipping generic drugs on your own trucks for your shipping front-end products, isn’t it just less efficient for them to be the one that ships that product.
Wade D. Miquelon: And it’s they can probably do – rather than do brand deliveries and separate from our generic deliveries, they can tolerate brand generic and on specialty into one shipment, which has lots of positive implications for us and lot of efficiencies and aggregate for every one.Meredith Adler – Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Well, congratulations, it’s very, very interesting transactions and…
Wade D. Miquelon: We are not transferring control is back to – our JV which is set up and working and will continue to work, and it will work on behalf of our partner effectively as well. And we do see that these benefits are going to be incremental the components for us, but also incremental to them. And so again, we will maintain control on this, a lot of those benefits on our side will flow through our JV structure, which then gets split, and then cycles a little bit because of the 45% ownership that we have in Alliance Boots, but at the end of the day, we will see that this will bring incremental value for us and clearly incremental value to AmerisourceBergen as well.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, there is upside to the synergy target. Commercial agreement is very separate. The commercial agreement stands on its own.Edward J. Kelly – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yeah. A couple of things; one is our SG&A this quarter had some, outside of what we can call adjusted have some anomalies. We had some further investments in loyalty, we had some from M&A which adds SG&A on top of that from a growth point of view, but sheer gross profit as well and then there was actually some other one-time items there we didn’t call out, so we actually felt pretty good about our SG&A this quarter. I think the thing to look at is, the SG&A versus gross profit dollar growth, which both, gross profit dollar becomes easier in the back-end too. So it’s that spread separately, our sustainable model has always been to have kind of organic SG&A growth of 3.5% to 4.5% on any period, 1.5% to 2% that’s driven by new stores. And I think on a two-year stack basis over time, that models will still be as relevant as the one before.Edward J. Kelly – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yeah, Andy, Wade in here, I think of this as obviously a new currency that it takes a while for people to understand the value of that and as they build points and then begin to redeem them, they begin to understand the value of that currency especially in the economic climate like we have today. And that’s where we are beginning to see gaining momentum and we feel will really help us with the traffic in the front-end as we go forward.Andrew P. Wolf – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. I mean because a lot of the behavior you’re trying to get is lot towards like accumulate the points as to get, people to buy a certain product, and that is a different kind of modality I think than a typical loyalty card. And so that’s what I was asking, is that on trend or the CPG partners getting what they want out of that, whether it’s trail of a new product, or that’s what I was asking may be, shed some light.
Wade D. Miquelon: Again like anything obviously there is some learning and start-ups that what I would say is that the loyalty card holders are – the feedback is very, very positive in terms of the program and increasing the ability to understand it. So I think we feel that we’re in a very good spot there. As we continue to tweak and refine in terms of what will motivate people, how do we make the CPG dollars, and others, and money go as far as possible. In fact there are some refining and tweaks but I think directionally we are on a good track and we know where we’re going to take this over time.
Wade D. Miquelon: Kelly, I think both the plans and the government understands that finding, educating this population to help them find plans that work for them is going to be even more difficult than the seniors.Lisa C. Gill – JPMorgan Securities LLC: And in…
