Greg Wasson: Steve, good question. Certainly, I think we do realize we have first mover advantage. We have been at this for a period of time now and I think Jeff and team, in Bern, John Donovan are doing a great job as we have talked about. Certainly, we are focused on maintaining that first mover advantage and not giving it up. I think, as I somewhat said in my remarks, we do feel like we have got a truly differentiated model which is not only an integrated retail wholesale model, but certainly two great partners with AmerisourceBergen here in the U.S., Alliance Boots in Europe, so I think we put together an opportunity to serve both the U.S. and the European market, but integrated wholesale retail market with three iconic brands which gives us that opportunity to even go beyond, so we think our model frankly is a superior model, we do not want to lose that first mover advantage. As far as what it may do the market, we will see. I think certainly with three big buying groups out there, the industry is going to continue to change and we will have to stay ahead of that, make sure we react, but we think we are at advantage.
Greg Wasson: Yes, John, Greg. I think we did mention that and I think as Wade said in his remarks the first couple of things we looked at for this quarter were some distribution centers but what we want to do is make sure that we are looking to the future with our new partners in AmerisourceBergen and Alliance Boots and if that obviously comes together like we think it will, there is opportunities for us to position ourselves going forward and whether it is looking at the distribution centers and making sure we have got the right footprint we are looking at all types of cost within corporate and making sure that we have got the right initiatives, the right people devoted to those. Certainly we are looking at all of our assets across the enterprise to make sure that we are set up for the future. So real nothing truly defined but just an effort to make sure that we are indeed positioning ourselves for the future. As Wade said, I have designated Tim Theriault, who is our CIO and head of Innovation and continuous improvement as our – to lean, and the lean Six Sigma and drive that throughout the organization. I think the one thing that we have seen from our Alliance Boots partnership with the wholesale expertise and cost focus that a wholesaler has bringing to Boots over the years is opportunities to bring cost down in the system. So it’s really all that, in a nutshell, they kind of make sure that we are positioned for the future.
Greg Wasson: Well, certainly as we go forward, some of it could, John. But I think right now we are focused on a lot of the initiatives we have over and above that to drive the business. So we think most of the majority of that will indeed come to the bottom-line. At the same time, we haven't really given out what we think we can accomplish with AmerisourceBergen. AmerisourceBergen, frankly, is indeed in those fiscal '16 goals, but were just beginning to get started on that. So we think there is opportunity over and above that.
Greg Wasson: Ricky, with that promotional investment, as we said, we grew our track like a 200 basis points in the quarter before. We increased basket size and it has reached the top, which is good. We just had to throw a lot more at it than we anticipated and that's what we meant by meaningful investment and that's what I meant directionally, I don't see that competitive commercial environment changing much.
Greg Wasson: We are, but we only gave that information as of the last quarter as you know, but we are doing that.
Greg Wasson: That's a good question. From a margin percentage, you are right. Specialty are the lowest and brand will be higher than that and generics the next but from a gross profit dollar growth, it is a little bit different. Obviously we have, for example, when there is brand inflation, we get some benefit on that. So I guess what I would say, is our model, really think of it in terms of gross profit dollar growth versus the margin percent, per se. And this will certainly probably drive any quarter hits in generics next quarter as about the same as that. But again, that's what will really swing the gross profit dollar growth once we get into the back half and beyond.
Greg Wasson: Yes, it is driving ahead. Good observation. It does give us confidence. Actually even more so leading up to those fiscal '16 goals that Wade talked about. I think the team in Bern has done a tremendous job working with our pharmaceutical suppliers in new and creative ways. Now it will bring in the AmerisourceBergen volume and as I said, that's positive as well. It could be a little less in 2Q because there is some bumpiness but we feel for the fiscal year that we are ahead of that target that have we given and we feel confident in the $1 billion. We believe there is upside.
Greg Wasson: Well, as we say, and as I say all the time, anybody in healthcare, we always say there is ongoing reimbursement pressure and certainly that hasn't changed and frankly won't change. We have deal with that. I think that we will probably see similar to what we have seen but there is certainly more and more focus on it. I think what we are working to do is to work with people in preferred ways, to create more value and be able to bring more and more services in addition to just the pharmacy provision that we bring. But I think we have to accept ongoing reimbursement pressures due to a focus on our cost to fill. Also, we think we are positioned better than anyone as far as procurement and to make sure that we are both working all three of those metrics in unison.
Greg Wasson: Ed, this is Greg, I would say that we are doing this quarter-by-quarter. Obviously we are kicking the tires as we go to make sure that we can achieve those goals and we do. So I would somewhat consider this as an update, but at the same time you can sure rest assured that we will continue to look at those numbers and make sure that we are confident. And I think, to Wade's point, we think that we have got ways to achieve those goals. The CAGR on the operating adjusted income is a little bit soft but we think the change in the mix of the business will allow us to get it.
Greg Wasson: Yes, Ed, Greg. I agree with you. I think that good news is, we have made investment. We have got the top line moving. When I said I am generally satisfied with that, that's what I mean. I am never truly fully satisfied. With that we did have to make more meaningful investment than we anticipated. We want to make sure that we are getting a bang for a buck for that investment. We probably had to overinvest based on what we anticipated. I think the opportunity we have, now that we have 12 months of data coming from our Balance Rewards program, there's tremendous insights to help us get much more effective input with that investment that we are having to make, but we obviously want to make sure that the investment we are making gives us a much greater of a return than what it did this quarter. Now you can't change that overnight. So a lot of the plans and activity, as I said, are in place for the next quarter. So that's the reason I say, I don't think directionally we are going to see much of a difference but I do think as Alex and team get more and more insights, we are absolutely going to be using that to get a better return for the investment in the promotional activity we are making.
Greg Wasson: Yes, I did mention that and I think we obviously, as a leader in industry, believe it is frankly up to us now, this is on us to make sure that we are indeed leading with best practices. We have Kermit and team. I will let him talk about in a little bit. He has implemented good base of dispensing efforts. I think as a result, we are indeed seeing a reduction in some of those higher margin pain control substances. We want to make sure that we are getting them to patients appropriately and the patients that frankly need those medications are able to receive them and frankly those that don't, don't. And now, it will be ongoing as far as that hit that we have talked about that's an ongoing hit.
Greg Wasson: I would just add that, we implemented our Good Faith Dispensing Policy back in late April of last year and this probably is really designed to ensure that the patients get the right medication that they need, but while at the same time helping us to a control abuse of these controlled substances.
Greg Wasson: Meredith, I think I remember the article you are talking about. I think obviously it got overstated and sensationalized maybe a little bit, so as we go forward part of our lean six sigma is just make sure we have got the right projects, processes in place, we got the appropriate people signed to those and frankly continue to look at optimizing not only our headcount but our assets along the way, but the article you are talking about was extremely over sensationalized.
Greg Wasson: Yes. I think there are some best practices not only in corporate, but even out in the field and Alex Gourlay is not on the call. Maybe the next one, I will have him on, but one of the things I think we are doing with Mark Wagner and team is focusing on trying to get more and more work out of these stores, the AmerisourceBergen distribution agreement with daily deliveries and so forth, we hope to not have to carry as much inventory and be able to diminish the workload in our stores, but we have a real focus on moving from more and more tasks to more focus on the customer and I think that in itself we are able to bring some of the best practices that Alex is bringing from Boots and what they have done over the years as well.
Wade Miquelon: Yes. I’ll speak a little to the business initiatives and expansion obviously some of these things are public and known and some of these things are still things that are not, but they’re the kinds of things we’ve talked about, work we are doing with for example you know big pharma to help reinvent their model to help save costs in clinical trials, which we are doing some work with right now. Also, things like Theranos which we believe has very meaningful potential. We are very excited about. In various geographies we’ve got a strong footprint but we have got opportunities to do even more breadth of services in those markets and get deeper and broader and working with our partner Alliance Boots. We are doing exactly that. On the cost side, I think you saw we had very good cost progress. We do a lot of things efficiently, but there's always opportunities to do a lot more and under Tim Theriault's leadership we are brining continuous improvement to a whole another level in the company really looking at every process end-to-end and how we can be much more efficient, much more enabling to our employees, so we have continued opportunities and we are aggressively going after, but it's going to make us, I think, a much better company and it allows to serve our customers even better to boot.
Wade Miquelon: Again 3.5% to 4.5% is kind of what we have historically said on an organic basis. You know I don't think we are prepared to give a new number today. I would just say that we think there is opportunities to be increasingly efficient. It is not just SG&A. It's, by the way, it’s across the board and its really an end-to-end processes but again I think the big idea here is who we are becoming in partnership with both Alliance Boots and AmerisourceBergen is a enhanced and different company than who we have been and we are really readying ourselves to make sure that we can capitalize on that to the maximum extent possible.
Wade Miquelon: Back to the $1 billion, John, to the extent that some of it was reinvested then we will deliver more. I mean that's really a net that we targeting.
Wade Miquelon: No. I agree, I think, certainly. We often joke about Rick's theory of the Heisenberg and certainly principal of generics, you know the more that you try to study and analyze the timing of these the more they seem to change a bit, but you have more information than we do. Certainly the back half looks to be stronger. Again, I think under Alex’s leadership I think we are doing a lot of things to get us more balanced between both growth and profitability and as we sweeten the mix around health and beauty down the road as well it’s an opportunity for us.
Wade Miquelon: The largest impact was, as we said was the waiver, the trough rather of new generics significantly, but then the next largest could have been the front-end promotion with as we said to a lesser degree [50 bps] [ph] from controlled substances and gross profit dollar growth, but it was meaningful, but the largest was the trough in generics by far.
Wade Miquelon: We are very, very positive on Theranos. It's really a one of the disruptive plays. It's a better patient experience with a prick of blood. It's the highest standards of quality in lab with half of Medicare and the patient feedback we are getting is very good, but it's really a better, faster cheaper, more conveniently play. You know we are going to, as we here stand here, we will keep learning and perfecting the patient experience, which is really the key thing, but we are very, very positive things. I think it's a one more example of how the pharmacy can play a role in broader healthcare and that's the direction we are going, we got the assets, we have the healthcare professionals, we have the convenience and we have the right to win in the spaces and we are very excited about it.
Wade Miquelon: Yes. I am sure that the biggest benefit we have been getting is generics we have said that hasn't changed. Other areas where we are getting meaningful early synergies are the things like own brand procurement, [indirect] [ph] spend, our relationship with some of the CPG players, so all of those are providing opportunities. The one that will ramp up over time, but becomes really a point of differentiation in ongoing getting is what we are doing to drive, but the owned brand of the Boots portfolio and again it just today a few select a store, but the broad Phoenix area, but the results are very, very good and we are very optimistic that as we expand this, this will become certainly that becomes a very strong part of our value creating portfolio for many years.
Wade Miquelon: Yes. I mean, there is a lot of moving parts as you can see in our cash numbers and working capital numbers associated with this transition and this is a non-normal quarter, if you will, because even while we are transitioning inventory, for example, on brands ABC, that reduces inventory for us but our payables go up commensurately but in a very short-term on the cutover date we also get fairly large levels of inventory on that store, for sample, so that we can make sure that we had a flawless transition and that will it work its way out. So I guess what I would say is two things. One is kind of this pig in the python who will work its way out from the transition over time from a cash flow basis but then beyond that, because we have daily deliveries, because of their expertise, we should be able to over time take out additional days of inventory, although we have put in those specific goal there. Also keep in mind that starting next month, we will begin the generic transition which will go several months, nine months, region by region, store by store. And that will also create a little bit of timing flux, up and down, with our cash flow working capital but, again, over time these things will work themselves our and lend themselves to a net net inventory opportunity in the future.
Wade Miquelon: Well, there is couple things going on here. One is just, it's a bit iterative, right. You never know exactly what the accretion dilution is until our numbers are done, right. So as they grow their earnings and we grow synergies, it also is relative to whatever our base is. Again, you know there is also a flexibility what will those synergies which some of those are known no more normal some are known completely, but I think that we have close enough at the point, because of three months lag to know your general range, but again there are a couple of moving parts that in the end can move around. For example, this quarter we were thinking it would be $0.05 I think was our guidance $0.04 to $0.05. We ended up at $0.07. Again, because of these moving parts for some of these final synergies and how they come in as well as our relative performance and how you calculate that.
Wade Miquelon: Yes. There is some inflation in the industry. In the past, we did see some unusual inflation on select molecules in this past quarter, which did give us a little bit of impact. It's hard to say whether that will be ongoing or not. Certainly, we think we are very well positioned with Jeff and John Donovan team in Switzerland to make sure that we are working with both, generic and branded pharmaceutical companies to provide value and offset anything that may occur and we saw a little bit of unusual activity, but again our folks in Burn are on top of it and we want to work with these folks in a way that helps them create value as well as the synergies opportunities we see.
Wade Miquelon: I would just say that it's probably too early for us to know all the implications and timings as we go forward here. I think you know there's lot of opinions out there and one is probably as good as the next, but right now we are not modeling a lot from the early days, but over time obviously it's going to change the structure of the industry and how we participate with players. Maybe, Kermit, you want to…
Wade Miquelon: Yes. I mean, I think, we obviously put these goals before ABC and then when we announced ABC, we said that there is additional opportunity, but we wouldn't be changing our goals. That's in part because $9 billion we already believe is a very meaningful, large goal to hit and an appropriate goal, but the other thing is we also had other projects built in. If we had not gone with ABC, like project GAAP and others, where we would then changed our distribution supply system internally and had meaningful benefits built in for that, so this is really swapping out this for that, albeit a little bit better, but I think the key thing is we really start to reap the benefits of ABC in a meaningful way in 2015, both, on the generic distribution side as well on the procurement side and even other opportunities that we are now starting to work among the two and the three parties, so there is a bit of a hockey stick here versus a CAGR, but that was always to some extent the case, and I think that this is really now just part of our base operating model.
Wade Miquelon: Quarter-to-quarter we look at it and say are these realistic based upon all the risks and opportunities we have internally. I mean, if we ever feel that's not the case, we will certainly tell you. You can put together a path like we can and take our numbers and put it along that path, but we continue with the assessments and say that we think it is still possible to hit these and do we have the right bullets in the chamber, if you will, and at this point we do.
Wade Miquelon: Well, I mean, that's right. There are business initiatives as well as, I think, global growth opportunities or whatever but these are the series of initiatives that we are working with our partners, Alliance Boots, to strengthen various markets, introduce new services in some case, work with new partners like Global Pharma and create value in unique ways.
Wade Miquelon: Yes. Just, I guess, putting it simplistically there's some markets that had been a bit challenging for AB on an EBIT basis but on the other hand, because of their accelerated cash flow, their accelerated de-levering, excellent work on refinancing on after-tax and also some tax benefits on after-tax basis they are generating great value creation. So it's a little bit of that EBIT pressure but actually from a bottom line impact we are getting it back.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, Charles. Just to clarify, it was actually a reduction of 50 basis points in gross profit dollar growth not in margin.
Wade Miquelon: No. Actually, I apologize if I confused you. What I had said was is that the benefit that we anticipate we will get from ABC in distribution and buying is part of our plan to get to our $9 billion goal. This is not included in the $1 billion AB synergies. That's just with AB. This is separate from that, but, I guess, prior to ABC, we were looking at a variety of different models that would have made us more efficient, which had some savings built into our plans. These are certainly bigger, but to the extent that this is our partner and our chosen way to go to market with both, generics and with our supply chain those are basically built into our base model and into our goals.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sach: Thanks for the questions. Just to follow-up on the cadence of the Alliance Boots contribution. It looks like you are calling for about $0.07 next quarter, $0.07 to $0.08 next quarter, about same as what we saw organically this quarter. I was just wondering if you could maybe shed a little light on a why that contribution would be flat sequentially? And then anything you can give us around the balance of the year would be helpful.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sach: Okay. Got it. Then just on generic price inflation, obviously, has been a big topic. One of your competitors called this out as a headwind to them in the quarter. I guess, specifically anything worth calling out in the quarter as far as generic price inflation goes? Then more broadly, how should we think about an environment where it does appear that generic price inflation will continue. As you guys look at the over the balance of the year, is that a headwind, tailwind, neutral? Any thought there would be helpful.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sach: Great. Then I guess just the last and if you guys wouldn't mind. Any update around changing view around ACA contribution as we have seen a little bit more progress I guess on uptake of enrollment and also around Medicaid expansion. Any thoughts you guys have there relative to the rest of the year would be great. Thanks.
