Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Lisa. So big question. Future pharmacy, I'll take quickly. And then I'll let Mary Langowski, talk a little bit more detail about our payer conversations. Obviously, we won't get specific. But needless to say, they have I think, changed both in tenor and content and are constructive. And then I'll let Manmohan talk about NADAC. You know, as far as the future of pharmacy -- retail pharmacy in particular, which we talk about the store as part of an overall experience, we are working to essentially meet the consumer where they are today and where they need us to be. And there are a number of elements to that, both in the back of the store and in the front of the store. And so -- and I don't want to take as much time as we take to take you in detail through all of those pieces. But at the front of the store, you saw us talk about footprint, which leaves us a more rational investment horizon in terms of them bringing up to the standard that our customers would expect the store experience as well as the assortment that we would have for them reducing our -- using almost a PBM-like approach to formulary to how we work with national brands being deeper with fewer in order to both drive better economics and better outcomes for them. As well as I saw yesterday a really exciting presentation on where we're taking our loyalty program. And so again, how we engage with our most valuable consumers as well as everything from home delivery, omnichannel and freeing up our store managers to really have flexibility in their framework, changing their compensation program dramatically in order to incent outcomes in their individual stores and have them act as owners. That's the front of the store. The back of the store, we know, and Rick and the team have done a tremendous amount of work around automating the workflow at the back of the store. As you know, we had paused our investment in backend automation, but we have pushed forward. We are continuing to drive and ultimately are highly committed to having that be a key part of how we both free up labor to do higher order things as well as be more efficient. Also at the back of the store, the dean's council, we spent two detailed days working with the deans of 15 pharmacy schools as well as the trade association, or association of deans rather, looking deeply at community pharmacy as a preference, what we can do to be a leader in that space, design of -- we're talking about design of curricula, so these pharmacists come out of school excited. And importantly, starting even as far back as middle school, to animate and excite sort of potential future pharmacists to the idea of community pharmacy, where unlike hospital pharmacy, you have the opportunity to build long-term relationships with your patients. So the supply chain of labor we're taking super seriously, both in terms of the effectiveness of it, but also the size and the sort of skill set. Our contracting strategy is a key part of what we do in the back of the store, expansion of pharma services. I got an email yesterday from the CEO of a major vaccine manufacturer, who again, wanted to make sure that we were on the edge of our seat, getting excited about what their innovation was going to bring and how we were going to play a role in that. So a lot there between the front and the back, but you don't need the number of stores we have today. We have a very clear picture of what we need to do there. We will have more details to follow. With that, I'll turn it over briefly to Mary, to just go a little bit more color for you with the payer conversations that we've had, which I believe are highly constructive, and then Manmohan.
Tim Wentworth: Yes. Let me just add to that because that is such an important point from a policy and our country standpoint. The fact of the matter is we know that we are the last company standing in a lot of places. We are the only thing standing between those places and being pharmacy deserts. And our goal is not simply to be the last one to leave. Our goal is to actually find new ways to work together, whether it's a State Medicaid programs, whether it is local law enforcement and so forth for them to do their jobs so that we can do our jobs and continue to provide care in those communities.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. I'm going to pass it to Manmohan in just a second. What I'd say is, first of all, as it relates to commercial and NADAC, I believe what Rick would say, if I pass it over to him would be that while we do have some commercial contracts that use NADAC, those conversations we're having around sort of neutrality in terms of outcomes, that's actually the easier part of NADAC, quite frankly. As it relates to the gross margin in pharmacy, I will pass it to Manmohan and as I quickly would point out, gross margin is not only discounting, it is also mix and so forth. And so Manmohan, if you want to talk more about that.
Tim Wentworth: Thanks for the question. I'll take the second half, which is absolutely, that's a key part of the analysis and underlying assumptions that we have experience with. Obviously, as you may know, we've been closing multiple hundreds of stores over the last several years and we've gotten very good at being able to not only move those scripts in those patients more importantly, but also to predict sort of what the drop-off would be based on certain circumstances. So, it is a key part of the analysis. The short answer is we retain nearly all of them, not all of them necessarily but nearly all of them and certainly in a way that makes the underlying overall economics of closing the store makes sense. As it relates to essentially a pro forma of what the business looks like with all of that gone, which would be fairly complex because of a number of factors that you have to assume and that we have assumed, but we wouldn't want to necessarily put out their guidance right now. I'll let Manmohan talk a bit more though about those dynamics.
Tim Wentworth: Yes, and let me be clear about one additional thing. We are extremely focused on the fact that closing those stores means we have to reduce our fixed costs that support those stores as well. So, if you're trying to model it, what you would need to do is assume some percentage of stores and then back out the fixed cost because we will be highly disciplined at ensuring that any fixed costs that are being carried by those stores are also removed, which is what makes closing the stores in part very attractive.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. I would tell you that we have not only ourselves using our models, but used a very aggressive outside firm that brings incredibly thoughtful models to the table and have done this in other scenarios to challenge our thinking. And so listen, there's no one exact right number. Let's be clear. There are a group of stores that are clear. There are a group of stores that we will be working to see whether or not they make sense and one of the factors that we actually factor in is our payer mix. But I also want to be clear, this industry has been reducing its capacity over the last several years, and that is not a bad thing. I think most of us knew, when I was in the PBM business, I knew that retail pharmacy was largely overbuilt for where the future was going to be, particularly given the possibility of technology, home delivery and so forth. And so, for us, that's another factor as well as the number of stores we may need to serve a particular payer today may be very different than what it would have been 10 years ago. I mean, if you look at the Department of Defense as a contracting entity, they have minimum standards and they're very tough and they don't require 70,000 pharmacies, let's be clear in their network. So we think that reducing capacity in the industry is not a bad thing. We think it's good for the labor so that we're not actually overusing pharmacists in stores that we don't need. But we also think that from a payer standpoint, we are going to be positioned to serve payers very effectively with the footprint that remains.
Tim Wentworth: Yes. I will let Mary. I would remind all the listeners, Mary joined about three months ago and brings tremendous experience and relationships in this space, understands it well. And I want to be clear; we are big believers in value-based healthcare. Actually, pharmacy is the value-based healthcare provider in the ecosystem. Quite frankly, if you really look at cost for outcomes and the work that we can do to impact those outcomes, so we love the fact that we actually own what will be seen over the next 20 years and needed as the most valuable part of the healthcare ecosystem. And frankly, the most accessible, that's number one. Number two, as it relates to VillageMD and that model, we like that model. That's why we've said we would continue to have some investment and it's participate in their growth. It will take time and as I said, we are looking for a different horizon for what we're going to be investing in strategically under our own leadership. But Mary, do you want to talk more generally about that question as it relates to U.S. Healthcare strategy and Village in fee-for-service versus value.
Tim Wentworth: Great. Thanks, everyone, for the questions and for dialing in. Just to leave you with a couple of thoughts. First of all, our team is very clear that we are in a turnaround. We have a clear eye view of the things we need to do we have gone very deep in understanding every part of this business and being realistic about the baseline we're resetting for growth. Second, we have a team that is literally, I believe, one of the best teams any company could ever have. I am extremely blessed to work with a group of folks who not only work effectively together but are relentlessly focused on the challenge and most importantly, highly committed and believe in the future of our business, the retail pharmacy experience that patients and payers and pharma companies need us to be. Retail pharmacy is central to the future of the experience that we're going to create and the growth that we will have. It is necessary, but it will be different and over the coming quarters, we look forward to showing you as well as telling you how it will be different and the kind of results that it will achieve in a more capital friendly way. And finally, we are very clear about our role as stewards of capital and making investments that make sense. We have some great assets that are part of our company today. We're going to be thoughtful about how we continue to improve the value of those assets, or do other things that make sense based on our longer-term strategy. So thanks again. We look forward to sharing more in the coming quarters.
Mary Langowski: Yes. Thank you, Tim. And thank you, Lisa. Quite frankly, we are laser focused on being paid fairly for the value we provide. And you know, put simply, the playbook is a bit dated and does not account for, nor does it adequately or fairly pay for the role and value that we think the pharmacist is bringing in delivering services. We also don't think it accounts adequately for the complexity that we now face in the system. And it certainly doesn't facilitate putting pharmacotherapy and behavioral interventions at the center of chronic disease management in this country. We think that has to change. And so we're collaborating with our PBM partners across the industry to make those changes.
Mary Langowski: Right. I won't speak to specific payer conversations. But I will say that there is an understanding and a collaboration going on that some of these models need to change, and we're reshaping our current negotiations on brand versus generic reimbursement. And obviously, in discussions on some of these new models, new payment models that are out there. We, I think, are seeing an understanding that we need to align incentives better. And just as I said before, that the old playbook is old, and it's not currently serving to the system.
Mary Langowski: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Stephanie. In the U.S. Healthcare business, we are laser focused on being extremely disciplined around where we will focus, what we will do and importantly, what we'll stop doing. So there are areas where we'll grow and double down. And those areas fit the lens Tim articulated earlier. Those things have high-growth potential. They build on our core business. We're streamlining how we operate, as we discussed around going to market with higher impact, how we develop services and how we partner across the industry with payers, health systems at-risk providers as well as pharma manufacturers. And then third, we'll stop things and frankly, we already have stopped certain things that don't fit this lens or create near-term value. In some cases, we'll exit or restructure those things. So it's important that we stay really laser-focused on that. With respect to value-based care, we have already articulated that we don't have plans to continue to invest in brick-and-mortar owned primary care practices. Now having said that, we believe strongly, as Tim said, in value-based care as well as in VillageMD and we believe in these businesses and payers believe in these businesses and consumers, frankly, love getting their care in these types of businesses. But what we've stated, and I'll say it again, is we'll be a partner to VillageMD in an ongoing way. We'll continue to be an investor. But what we're really looking to do is invest in capital-light services to be a broader partner across the industry. With a range of providers and with a range of payers as well as a range of pharmaceutical manufacturers. And we think we're really well positioned to do that, particularly based on the conversations we've already been having over the last three months. we are very complementary to a lot of players in the system, and they frankly want what we have that they don't have, which is reach our ability to reach people, our ability to engage them and our ability to create interventions in really critical moments. So that's what we're planning to do.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yes. Hi, Lisa. This -- so on NADAC, maybe a couple of thoughts. First, we've seen significant fluctuations in the last several months on the index itself. We had $20 million of impact in the quarter, but you got to think about that was a partial quarter impact. Now, we have seen some improvement as the index again was updated in June. However, we are taking a very prudent approach as it relates to Q4 and the guidance for the year. And I'd say this is one of the reason the fluctuations we've seen on NADAC is one of the reason why we have the broader range as we put out the fiscal year guidance at this point.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, sure. So, as you think about the gross margin on the retail pharmacy side, maybe a couple of themes there. Let me start on the retail side. And what we experienced in the third quarter, and we think the trend is going to continue in Q4 is the environment didn't improve as we anticipated. And as a result, we focused on investing in price and promotion. Now we've seen the unit and sales uplift as a result thereof, but at the same time, there is impact on the gross margin in the short term. And so that is coming through, and we expect that's going to continue along the same lines in Q4. The second piece that does impact our gross margin year-over-year is the level of shrink. And I think we talked about shrink in the last couple of calls as well. We have seen it on an increase in trends, and there are a number of actions that Tracey and the team are taking to bring it back to historical normals. On the pharmacy side, then on the margin, a couple of themes playing out, NADAC is one of them significant fluctuation, as I said earlier in the call, we have seen some level of improvement as the index itself changed in June. But as I said, we're -- at this point, the level of fluctuations we have seen month-over-month, we're just being prudent in terms of what can play out here in Q4. Outside of that, the last point I'd say is there are some market dynamics that we experienced in Q3 as well and some will play in Q4 and maybe a couple of those to point out is there are certain generic launches where the procurement dynamics continues to be just like branded and so that is impacting our gross margin on the pharmacy side. And then lastly, I'd say the mix that's coming in on the branded side is also having a negative impact on the margin. So that's maybe overall profile of what's driving our margin in the quarter.
Manmohan Mahajan: Sure. So from a third quarter perspective, we did have positive free cash flows in the quarter, and that was aided in part by the working capital improvements in the quarter as well as decreased capital expenditures. As you think about the first nine months of the year though, the cash flows are impacted by lower earnings and then $785 million of payments related to legal matters as well as the phasing on the working capital. As we think through Q4, we expect Q4 free cash flow to be positive, similar to third quarter. And that is including a roughly around $150 million payment related to opioid in the quarter. And then maybe finally, I'd say, look, this is a top priority for us in the company. And all the actions we've outlined and will continue to boost the cash flow position here.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, sure, George. So on the earnings for fiscal 2025, you're right, we're not providing guidance, but we will come back and provide detailed information and guidance in October. But what we offered in the prepared remarks is a couple of things to consider as you bridge to 2025. First is Q4 seasonality impacts all of our businesses and you think about vaccinations, you think about cough cold season, you think about the holiday season impacting the retail sales. So seasonality drives Q4 to be typically our lowest quarter, and so you got to consider that. And second is, we do expect profitability growth, both in our U.S. Healthcare segment as well as in our International segment as we move into fiscal 2025. However, said that, there are a few headwinds. And the biggest one here is as we think about our decision to wind down the sale-leaseback program, sale of Cencora shares and then you consider a more normalized tax rate into fiscal 2025 that we believe will result in approximately $0.75 headwind in. And then on the retail side, you have to consider – we do believe the environment will continue to be challenging here in 2025 from a consumer perspective. But there is a little bit of easing comparisons as you think about 2024 versus 2025. And on the pharmacy side, some of these headwinds will continue as you think through this. So these are all kind of the building blocks as you work through modeling 2025.
