Gregory D. Wasson: Thank you, Rick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call. Today, I’ll begin with highlights of our fourth quarter and fiscal year, next I’ll discuss the substantial progress we made in advancing our three key strategic growth drivers, and finally, I’ll take a look ahead to fiscal 2014. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Wade for a more detailed financial review of the quarter, our full-year performance and the coming year.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yeah, I’ll start and Wade can give some actual dollars. But as far as, as we said directionally pharmacy was up obviously with the help of the generics that we had for this past quarter offset obviously by ongoing reimbursement ratio, but also with our 90 day drive that we have. One of the focuses as we have is to continue to give customers what they’re looking for and as our chronic medications in 90 day economies are retail. So that’s an impact is working the other direction certainly in pharmacy, but we think it’s a right thing to do long-term. As far as a front-end, as we’ve said we think we are making good intelligent investments in price and promotion. I feel like we are getting steady momentum back into the front-end of the business and we’ll continue to make sure that we do that going forward. But as we said, we always plan to make some investments to the front-end, that’s exactly what we are doing.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yeah, I think we had solid gross profit dollar increase and then when you compared to the SG&A dollar growth and we’ve said all along there goals to have a 100 basis points spread between the two over the long haul and I think with the performance that we’ve turned in this quarter, we’re pleased with the way both of those worked in Unison.
Gregory D. Wasson: I think our folks in the field, Mark Wagner and Kermit and team has done a tremendous job in really making sure that they are ensuring that our SG&A and our labor in the stores, and our expense match the volume as we bring it back. I think our store people have done a tremendous job of becoming more efficient. We’ll really focus Meredith, on trying to take more and more tasks out of the stores; sort of we can free our folks that are in the stores up more to spend time with customers. So I would give probably 80%, 90% of the credit to our folks in the field. With that, for our folks in corporate, we have really this year, I think done a tremendous job in getting focus on the key projects and initiatives that will move the needle for us going forward in a big way and stop doing a lot of things that will not. And then it combined those and I think we feel very good with the focus we have, any ongoing focus we will keep.
Gregory D. Wasson: Bob, I will say that I happen to be in Bern last week or two weeks ago with Stephanie Hattenschweiler and Steve Collis and the team, and I’d tell you there is a lot of confidence and a lot of energy with that team. So we feel good going forward with what that team is going to be able to deliver.Robert P. Jones – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. That’s great. And if I could just sneak one more in on the front-end, obviously promotional activity seem to be a big focus. Currently, I know you talked about the more targeted promotional programs and it sounds like you obviously have had a negative impact in this quarter and you are expecting that to continue in the front half of fiscal 2014 if I heard you correctly. I was just wondering if you could give us any order of magnitude as we think about the cadence into 1Q and 2Q, is it more or less negative than what we saw on the gross profit margin in this quarter. Anything directionally there will be really helpful? Thanks.
Gregory D. Wasson: It’s still about that, historically that was both for how we want to balance our balance sheet as well as there are just some areas where it’s more advantageous to own than it is to do a structured lease agreement. But I think we’ll probably be about that zone moving forward.Robert Willoughby – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That’s great. Thank you.
Gregory D. Wasson: I mean it will be obviously higher than the higher end of that limit, but we haven’t give an exact guidance because we are going to give rise to the following here, so it will be higher than $400 million.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I mean there is moving parts right so if I gave you exact number it would probably be plus or minus wrong, but I think we feel confident that year by year by year we can keep delivering incremental synergies on these extremes and we are also increasingly finding new areas that we can focus on, now we drive cost efficiencies but just take capabilities and drive top line benefit as well.
Gregory D. Wasson: I guess we’re not going to comment on their business anymore than we feel that they are obviously performing very strong in a challenging environment. I think you saw this is the last year, delivered strong numbers I think that they feel, the wholesale business continued to do well in challenging environment as well as their retail business and being able to drive profitable meaningful growth.
Gregory D. Wasson: Again, I guess I’d just say that that objective for us is to make that spread or beat it consistently most of the time…
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Ricky it’s Greg. I would just say I think we’re looking at it certainly for all those reasons it is more of a long-term benefit for us. For all the reasons have been expressed it’s a tougher audience diverse audience to bring into the program and make aware of. But so next year is going to be hard to tell but certainly from a long-term we think it will be a benefit for us for all the reasons Kermit explained.
Gregory D. Wasson: The ABC thing absolutely does change obviously, because it’s a different arrangement now and they are managing the bulk of the inventory. I would say I don’t think we see the rate being materially different than it has been over the past couple of years on average, but there are a lot of moving parts with that especially when you move from such dollar branded to having generics and then as we transition generics over time that will change yet again. So I think maybe as we go forward into the next quarter we can provide some clarity, but I don’t think it’s going to be anything material versus history.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yeah, I just to kind of restart, I really think that we really look at it from a gross profit dollar basis as you know, and I think we are really finding a good balance with some good momentum we have in growth right now with also managing the margin wisely, so.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, we don’t give obviously, specifics on that kind of detail. But I think that fundamentally we feel very good about our business going forward. I think we just want to provide some color that quarter-to-quarter, there can be some lumps, some up, some down. But in aggregate, we feel good about our growth of our gross profit dollars and the managed SG&A as well.
Wade D. Miquelon: And I think we can always be better everyday forever and that’s one of the things we’re working hard at is to really put continuous improvement and continuous focus on driving efficiencies and effectiveness in every aspect of our business, so I’d say, yes.
Wade D. Miquelon: The first quarter is by far the toughest quarter of the year seasonally. So that’s again we guided sort of roughly $0.05 accretion for the first quarter. It’s summer period, not holiday period, so both in the wholesale and the retail business, it’s a low seasonal point.
Wade D. Miquelon: I guess what I’d say is we’ll do some work to try to figure how we can provide more clarity and guidance as we go forward. I think obviously, the rate that I gave today looking forward was kind of the Walgreen standalone rate, Alliance Boots has different rates. So we have to use a blend for that and then of course, the work we’re doing together in synergy, and other things a bit more complex. But we’ll do some work to see how we can provide better understanding as we move ahead.
Wade D. Miquelon: But we’re also against an easier compared to back half, but we’re up against the tougher compared to first half.
Wade D. Miquelon: I don’t know if we give actual numbers Bob, but I will say, I think the investment the team is making in over the past several months that’s beginning to drive the momentum. I would say that, we’re pretty much right on as far as the order of magnitude that we need to continue to invest to drive that steady momentum. So I wouldn’t see any probably more aggressive investment. I think we’ll just continue to take it quarter-by-quarter and make the right investments. But I feel good with the level of investment we are make on, I think that could continue to drive the momentum we’re looking forward in front-end of the business. How could they get other balancing the promotional strategy is just one small component what the teams are doing driving the Well Experience, improving our own brand portfolio more relevant localized tailored format. There is a lot of great work going on that’s very structural and long term in nature, our customer satisfaction keeps growing. So I think this is the bigger store story of why we feel confident as we move forward here.Robert P. Jones – Goldman Sachs & Co.: It makes sense. Thanks so much.
Wade D. Miquelon: I guess it’s right to say is that I just kind, I’d revert back to that objective we have that 100 basis point or more spread over time on SG&A gross profit dollar growth. There are also an SG&A, there is lots of lumps that happen quarter-to-quarter and even fiscal-to-fiscal, I guess the key takeaway is we are very focused, as Greg said on really prioritizing the organization around the things that really matter. We’re really looking at everything to see does it create value, things like indirect spend, things that we buy that we don’t re-sell do we need it., we does it cost optimizer, is it efficient. So again I think it’s really more of that ratio that’s important, because even that number that you alluded to, the 2.6% also include things like USA drug. So it’s not really even a true organic number, which has been better than that and these things can change that metric over time as well.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well the enrollment period starts today we certainly have our pharmacist and all of our people prepared to ask questions as members or those who are affected or impacted coming to our stores. From an ACA perspective, we certainly know there is going to be an increase in a number of people that get insurance. We’re not speculating on what that number is but overall we would anticipate benefiting from that in a number of ways not only from our script volume, but when you think about healthcare clinics. We have over 300 healthcare clinics that will provide not only preventative, but minor acute as well as chronic care. We’ve also been involved in partnerships around the ACOs, where people are looking to have manage the entire benefit and under this exchange benefit design it’s a benefit design of both medical and drug. So we think we are going to play a key role in that as people take advantage of the pharmacy benefit and drive their overall lower medical cost.
Wade D. Miquelon: We have no plans for that, I mean really it’s managing our businesses as effectively we can the way they are.
