Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. Hello, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer who will take you through the results as usual. Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance is also here and will join us for questions. You will find a link to the webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. And we refer you to the Appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. In a second, I’ll hand over to George to take us through the third quarter results. Stefano will then cover today’s Rite Aid announcement in addition to his usual quarterly update. After the prepared comments, we will of course be happy to answer questions on both the results and on new Rite Aid agreement. I’ll now hand you over to George.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you, Stefano. I'd now like to ask Candace, our operator, to open the lines for questions, please.
Gerald Gradwell: If I could just, again, ask people to speak up and speak clearly when they're asking the questions, we can’t answer questions, we can’t here properly. Thank you, next question.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you. And that all we have time for us. So thank you very much indeed for everyone participating. Obviously, if there are any further questions, I know we didn't have time to address all the questions, the IR teams are around, about and available. And please bear with us if it takes a lot to get back to you. We do have quite a little lot of questions already queued up to get through. So thank you very much indeed and we look forward to speaking to you all again with our full-year, our fourth quarter. Thank you.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Elizabeth. Good morning, it’s Alex here. Yes, the profit profile first of all of the stores we’re acquiring is more or less the average profile of Rite Aid, maybe slightly less, but more or less the same, and also the same investment profile you know that’s already have been investing well in their wellness format and again these stores have got the same profile as the stores that we’re retaining. So we feel pretty good about that. And they’re mainly doing [filling][ph] in the Northeast, the Mid-Atlantic and the Southern, Eastern regions to give us more presence in these regions and pretty obviously, as the service of Walgreens over time can get to customers and patients in these areas. So we feel good about that core of stores we’re acquiring. We think they are good value for us and it will really, really improve our network particularly in the regions that I mentioned. In terms of partnerships, I think we – you also yesterday saw we announced our partnership with LabCorp which we’re really pleased with, seven store trials called LabCorp at Walgreens and adds on to the partnerships that we've announced in the past particularly with clinics across the many healthcare systems in the U.S. And how we see this working both from a space usage point of view, a convenience [Indiscernible] through our pharmacy and then linking into the various IT systems and technologies that we have. We really see this will drive not just cost reduction for us, but real convenience and access for customers and ultimately of course more volume descriptions for us over time in more healthcare and pharmacy services. We’ve made good progress in the last couple of years with the strategy. There's more to come and as long as it fits from a customer point of view next to our pharmacy and as long as it makes sense to reduce the costs in the healthcare system, we will continue to test and trial and roll out these services.
Alexander Gourlay: No, I think I’m really pleased – just one that’s – I think it was mentioned in the prepared remarks. We're really moving into phase beyond the beauty differentiation phase of simplifying the core offer and we’re just trying to roll out up to 1,000 stores by the end of this year. So it’s another important step in the Phase II as Stefano described. So this is very active. It's very real in the business, and we continue to drive that model forward. And the idea of this one really is to simplify these stores and specially extend that customers can find products more easily and we can edit the products on their behalf using the data that we have been collecting in the last three or four years. So we're not slowing down here. We're actually speeding up is the main point I want to add to Stefano’s description of the activity.
Alexander Gourlay: This is Alex here. We are confident from an operational point of view that we can get to that number at the end of the year and continue to drive the strategy that Stefano described so clearly. So you’ll see through our numbers, the volume in pharmacy continues to be as we expect it, strong as the partnerships and we made a slight improvement, but an important improvement in the underlying sales growth in the front end and the margin in the front end continues to be accretive year-on-year and cost control is good. So we remain confident that we can get that done.
Alexander Gourlay: Obviously, yes. I think, clearly, having more pharmacies in certain markets will improve access for Medicare D for sure and that’s something that we contemplated in terms of the partnerships we have. So this makes us slightly more attractive. I don't think it fundamentally changes the prices paid to be honest. It just makes us more attractive in certain markets, all will certainly help. In terms of the market itself, we continue to have strong partnerships, which you see that much of our volume beyond the new partnerships with the Prime and Express Scripts have been driven by Med D this year and we continue to operate well in that market with a target from three or four years ago. There has been some changes and that will continue to occur and we'll continue to govern these changes properly to make sure that we are paying within the prices that we think is right for the service that we provide. So we remain very confident about our position in the marketplace, very confident about the prices we have and continue to govern what we get paid as best we can under the reimbursement pressure that Stefano has described.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Michael. Yes, it’s Alex here. So I think as George said in his prepared remarks, we are in the early stages of our new relationship with Rx Alliance Walgreens Prime and that will be accretive in terms of dollars over time. Although, as we all know, specialty is a high-sales and low-percent margin business, but that will be accretive and it's a very important market in the U.S., and we're pleased with the progress made, although it's very early days in this partnership, but you will have noted that we were able to win the FEP contract as one example of the attractiveness of this new model in the marketplace. In terms of other gross dollar opportunities going forward, it is more difficult to see in the network side of the stage to be honest, there's more headwinds, as you can see in the Retail Pharmacy gross profit. As Stefano said quite clearly, we’re used to living with these headwinds, and our strategy here has been very clearly to do three things. One is to increase our volume to make better use of our network. Secondly is to improve our buying capability, which again you can see very clearly. And also thirdly is to really make sure that we work with other healthcare services to improve the overall gross profit dollars we’ve got. And the major aim of all of these activities is to make sure that we focus on the bottom line. The operating profit at the end of the day is, I think is the most important to us. So that’s how see it and I think we see that continued pressure, more headwinds and tailwinds, and we continue to work all these levers to improve our operating profit and you’ll see in this quarter, we improved our operating profit in the U.S. by [6%] as, I think, as one example of it.
Alexander Gourlay: Yes, as I said before, operationally we really like the spread of these stores. They really give – we get in some new markets locally, we are able to really intensify our presence for patients and customers in these markets. And of course once we get into the next phase will understand more how we can really operationalized and make the whole areas more efficient, but I think we’ve agreed operationally with the coverage in these new markets.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Charles. No, I think as we stated in markedly better particularly expects in beauty and especially driving the beauty category very well in the stores. So we are pleased with the performance of beauty. It’s really coming through quite strongly. We can imagine the beauty is still a relatively I wouldn’t say small, but it's not as big a part of our business for example as a consumable side of a business. We are continuing to refocus on a more profitable promotions and refocus on seasonal lines which end-to-end actually loses money and taken in from our ranges. So I think you have to look at the whole mix. So we are very confident that's why we're rolling it to another 2000 stores. We're also very confident in our partnerships with other companies, for example next has been rolled out that's a L'Oreal brand. It’s a very good brand growing right now is well into the Beauty differentiated stores. And we continue to see a lot of customers signing up to a Beauty Enthusiast Cards. So again the whole model that’s driving forward and we continue to see the growth coming in beauty that we had hoped to see. So that's where we are and I think obviously will more news as we get deeper into the state and as we get more grand and more beauty customers getting more interested in doing more of their beauty shopping in Walgreens.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Eric. At this point of coverage being the operating efficiencies, there’s both, but I would say there is probably more in the operating efficiencies side. Again, if you think of all we’ve achieved with Walgreens and also think of the ambition as Stefano described very well in an earlier question to simplify and make the front end more efficient and more differentiated. Once we have done that in the first phase of IT simplicity, we'll be able to plug-in all these stores into that platform. So I think there’s a lot to go at in the operating efficiencies probably more than the coverage site in reality.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Robert, it’s Alex here. Yes, I think all the drop year-on-year, as George said in his prepared remarks about 100 basis points was due to specialty. So, there for the trend on the two quarters as you pointed, it’s about the same that you ask a little bit worsening, but not significantly worse. And as I said already in another remark, we are really focused on operating margin. So therefore we drive – operating margin by driving volume through the fixed – primarily fixed cost base. And again I wanted a big call, it’s a teams who have handled that volume and the cost base, as you see has been almost flat in reality, giving a 6% more growth in the USA in this quarter. So I think that's the model that we spoke about it before that’s the model that we've been executing, recognizing, as I’ve said consistently the reimbursement pressure is really – and what's driving really is market condition the consolidation really of the PBMs in particular. The downward pressure on pricing and that's a real effects that we're seeing with less inflation on branded drugs and that’s clearly featured the marketplace this year in particular and we continue to see that going forward. Now we were used to this as Stefano said and we used to managing in a certain way and we're pleased with the progress of our cost of goods. The WBAB organization continues to perform well for us and we set a new partnership there with Express we announced in May. We continue to work on the cost base and the structure of the company and where Stefano said already we're moving into Phase II there and we have more opportunities there and we continue to work in partnership to make sure that we get the volume into that fixed cost base in the future. So that's our focus. It would be wrong we tell you that I see a time in the future, when I see that the reimbursement pressure going away from its current levels as the market and we are operating an effective to be within our marketplace.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, Bryan it’s Alex. I would say it's mixed. I mean I think so first of all nothing is fundamentally changed year-on-year in the marketplace from what we're seeing. Some peers prefer preferred networks and some preferred to have open access across the networks. So I don't think there's anything fundamentally changing. There's certainly a trend towards more preferred networks over time, but that’s more accelerated or decelerated and we are in the marketplace. We look at every partnership to understand what the payer requires of us and what we can bring to them and then we work through the government processes, which are very tight in the business, what is that we expect to be paid in the current marketplace for the services that we provide. So we – that’s how we see it on the – it’s very active for us, a very important part of our business and we try very deeply to understand what the marketplace and what the payers want from us and we're not trying to drive in any direction. We try and drive customer care and access and as such really our strategy.
Alexander Gourlay: That’s right. Stefano, so I think there's nothing in the plan to the rationalization, but obviously we’ll study the situation very carefully when we get to the right point in process and then we'll update you. That is as simple as that in works. We understand that model very well from within Walgreens where we have been rationalizing some stores in some markets, so we have a very clear model we used to assess the opportunity.
Alexander Gourlay: Hi, John, well I think again we are very rational – as we have the data now for four or five years of what’s in customers baskets and we use an idea to understand exactly where we should cut the tail. And the stores are going to first of all our lowest volume stores there we're looking at from a very local point of view. So that's the first thing I would say. The second thing, I would say about this is that really is about taking the workload out of the stores. So that our colleagues can spend more time with customers and reduce of course, the store hours as appropriate with the workload is reduced. We have a very, very complicated operating model, a lot of many promotions, which in these less intense stores don’t sell, causing a lot of excess working capital and sometimes loss in the business as well. So the focus really is simply on making so easy to shop, clear to shop, reducing workload and making sure there's more as available within our store for customer care. And I'm going to first 1,500 stores having done some tests and trials because these are stores where there is least risk to sales and lot's more we can learn as we accelerate that process going forward.
George Fairweather: Okay, I’ll try and take some of those in the right order. If I start, perhaps, with just the tax, as I said in the prepared comments, the core tax rate was 25.3% and then this quarter if you look back historically, we had a relatively high number of discrete positives clearly very significantly quarter-by-quarter as you can see going back historically. And as I say you can see this was a relatively high number, but I think in terms of the core tax rate and helping you with the model, the 25.3% that you see it today is clearly under U.S. GAAP or the rate that we would anticipate at this point for the core tax element for the full-year. Just in terms of buyback program, clearly, we've announced the program just today. And I think – and just in thinking about modeling, clearly, we’re pretty well the end of June now, so we’ve really only got a couple of months to go to the year-end. So there's not really long for any impact where we to choose to commence that program, any impact will be relatively modest. Obviously, our guidance as ever is all in, but again as I said in the prepared comments it is of course assuming currency exchange rates for the balance of the fiscal year.
George Fairweather: I think in terms of the accretion, what we said is modest accretion in the first full-year and I think that's important to take away and we’re very clear on the synergies that we can deliver the $400 million over three to four years. We've got a very clear path to delivering it. And I think one of our approaches to acquisition integration is one where we have very detailed plans. We take it in a very structured way, so that we do things smoothly. We are going to be obviously – actually acquiring those stores over a period of time as we've explained in the announcement and then we will be rebranding those over time to Walgreens, bringing in the Walgreens offer. And that is not something that we would ever dream of actually big banging. We need to do it properly so that we have the customer proposition is delivered in a consistent way as we do the rebranding. So we're very confident about the returns, but what's important is to go in a straight line and do in a way where we keep the focus on the customer as we integrate the business on the service that we provide our patients rather than sometimes which you see, dare I say, I see in other businesses do, where they rush things and they don't execute properly. And I think you’ll have seen that consistently as with the merger of Walgreens and Alliance Boots, I think you'll see we've got a very clear track record of doing that over time.
George Fairweather: We've not published our long-term leverage target. We've chosen as you know Robert to talk about our commitment to solid investment grade and that’s very much what our policy as we've obviously because of the time is taken since the original announcement of the original Rite Aid transaction we've obviously been building up a lot of cash, which is not something that we like doing we're very committed to having an efficient balance sheet. We have to do and that’s why today when we've announced the new transaction, we've been probably announced the $5 billion share buyback program. So we're very committed to being financially disciplined to when we're looking at M&A we’re always very focused on the numbers. If the numbers don't add up, don't give meet our investment hurdles then we're very disciplined, we don't do transactions and so we're very happy to grow organically and invest with to do M&A when we get the right returns, but equally a very clear policy of returning any surplus funds to shareholders within those parameters that I've explained, having an efficient balance sheet very important to us.
George Fairweather: Yes, I think as I have said, go back to the point that is very promotional far too promotional. We don't think is good for us. It’s not good for customers, I mean don't think is actually good for suppliers either. So we believe much more net consumption driven model and that's where we’re heading to. Also as customers change more and more new future will use personalization and digital marketing and more than the secular to understand what Walgreens can do for them. And we've got a mature digital organization for retail that as you know and we're making moves no to really shift to spend over time in marketing and towards digital and personalization. So all these things are true John and is an evolution of the model and we're really accelerating it based on fact, based on data and we are really making strong moves in the next 18 months as Stefano said to do that. And then we have the systems coming in and Phase III to really sustain not move and accelerate to further. So we've been running for two or three years we're very confident that we know the approach have to do. I’m going to taking the steps to get on with it.
Stefano Pessina: I would add something. What we are trying to do at the end, we said from the very beginning, our aim is to keep the adjusted operating margin as healthy as possible. And you have seen that in spite of all the difficulties of the market. Over the last years, we have been successful in doing that and we hope that we will continue to be able to do this. There are many ways in which you can derive the numbers and the success of a company and we are really focused on these metric. We know that there are always additional opportunities to buy better additional opportunities to be more efficient and not just to cut costs for the sake of cutting cost, but to be more efficient. And so we accept that the market is a very challenging market that we have worked in challenging market for decades. We know that this will be our environment in future and as we have done for the past, we will really try to compensate and to respond to the challenges of the market through other actions that we can implement and we have always implemented successfully.
Stefano Pessina: Well, let's say that I see everything as an opportunity and not because I am an optimist, but just because we have demonstrated in the past that we can survive in an environment. Having side so, honestly I don't believer that Amazon will – the interest in the near future in the next few years in these market, because they have so many opportunities around world and in many other categories, which are much, much simpler than healthcare which is very regulated business and also it's a business which in industry where the consolidation has been really quite significant. So there is not a lot of new things that they could do, of course they could. But not so many as they could do in other markets, so as they are a very good team and very rational team, I believe that at the end this will not be their priority. Having said so, if we were wrong and our belief was wrong, I believe that at the end of the day, we could find our goal in the new environment and we wouldn’t exclude to partner with them, we wouldn’t exclude to analyze the new situation of the market and to find our place adapting ourselves. So honestly I have seen the emotional reaction about the move that Amazon has done with Whole Foods, but I have found these reaction as I said emotional and with all due respect not rational, because if you analyze things accordingly, you will see that this is not the best opportunity for Amazon and you would see that the market has changed so many times in the past and the big players in this market have survived. So better luck we will continue to survive in any case.
Stefano Pessina: It’s Stefano here. Yes, as we said initially, we were thinking of buying a certain stores and after discussing with I think I am talking off two years ago of course. We decided that the best outcome for both company was to go to a merger. And we were thinking at the time of course and following the advice of the specialists that the merger could go through without major issues. These are not being the case, at a certain point that we have actually a good deal in order to address some concerns of the FTC. Also these new deals if they can – as you have seen a lot of time and at the certain point, we have decided that to get this variety that to go back to the old idea and to buy a certain number of stores. Of course in doing that we had – and we have to take into account and then needs of both companies. So because if the Rite Aid sell – decide to sell certain stores. They have to do eat in a way that the remaining company can be efficient and can overall take into account the money that they will receive overall can be better than before. And from our side we have to buy those stores, which are feeling certain gap that we have in our network. And in other cases are strengthen our position in other states. So this has been a thoughtful let's say deal as Marco said taking to account all the objections that we could imagine from the FTC. This is just an asset deal, but also taking that into account that our needs and the needs of Rite Aid because they have to come out from this deal as a stronger company. And we have selected a cluster of stores in certain states where we needed them. But we could not really cover all of our gap because these would have left Rite Aid in a situation which operationally would not be particularly efficient. So this is really the best possible deal between our two companies and I strongly believe, strongly believe that this is a deal, which is a very good for us because we get probably 70% – 80% of what we wanted as national coverage and is very good for Rite Aid because they come out from this deal as a stronger company and with a company which can be very efficient operationally.
Stefano Pessina: And in any cases, it's an option, so they can exercise it or not. So it is not a mandatory part of the deal.
Stefano Pessina: And you’ll see the main important thing, looking at the accretion, is that we will ramp up over time the transfer of the stores and in the first year we will have – it will be at a certain extent, the most complicated year, because we will have to start to do this transfer. And we have said that the transfer will take a certain – probably two, three years, it cannot – if we want to do it in an orderly fashion, if we want to do it without disruption, if we want to keep the value what – at the end we will have both, we have to do like that. On the synergies, we have said that we would have at least $400 million of synergies, of course as you know and as we have always done in the past, when we give a number for the synergies, we take into account all the elements we are practically sure or very, very confident. But over time, the experience tells us that we find other synergies and as you have seen we have – in the past at least we have exceeded what we were expecting, because we cannot see all the potential synergies today until we don't understand exactly the nature of the stores that we will have both. Remember that for the time being, we don't have the full set of numbers about on those stores. And so we cannot see exactly which kind of synergies we can achieve and we have just taken the basic synergies that we are quite confident about.
Stefano Pessina: Well, as we have said many, many times, we are not living in an environment where we will see a lot of goals and particularly where we will see margin going – gross margin going up. We accept these and we work on other part of the business, on other elements of the profit or loss in order to compensate for it. This is what we are trying to do what we have down and what we will continue to do. So if you want to say that there are in these markets – certain headwinds, of course there are. But this is the nature of the business and we have to cope with it and we have to work on the elements that are available to half and believe us that are available to us to compensate for it, which we have done until now and we continue to do.
Stefano Pessina: And in any case, that this will be a plus up there of the deal. For the time being we are not taking into our numbers. So we would see as soon as we will be able to take a decision to take a thoughtful decision.
Marco Pagni: Yes, hi, good morning. We should assume that we have taken a kind of specific feedback from the agency that we have received over the last 22 odd months in formulating store package that we have agreed with Rite Aid and – but beyond that I wouldn't care to express any level of confidence one way or another as to how the transaction will proceed, obviously the matter is before the regulator. But I can tell you that we have designed it in a way, which has been very carefully thought through with Rite Aid with our consul to take a kind of all the feedback that we received during the last 22 months of a very detailed review process.
Marco Pagni: Yes, Charles, this is Marco Pagni here again. We’re not able to comment on how the FTC may or may not see any particular facet of this transaction. But I would say is that it - it's important that the Rite Aid going forward be competitive in the market and clearly it's an option to join our procurements vehicle, WBAD will help it, but that’s cost of goods going forward, which we believe is important for its competitive position in the market, and I express the view as to how the FTC will see that, but one could imagine that might be important for them.
Marco Pagni: The postretirement changes is one of the – a number of changes that we are doing as we look to make sure that we have a clear remuneration policy that for all our employees that this was the change that affected our relatively small population of employee. So it's really part of an ongoing program. We're very focused on – in all aspects of compensation as well as all aspects of cost base. You'll see when the Q comes out later today that there is a change in the provision of $109 million, so you'll see that number in the detail of the Q.
Marco Pagni: Our $109 million changed in the provision, but clearly in terms of the benefit going forward, there will be a benefit going forward in relation to this. But clearly we've been doing a lot of work on looking at our base remuneration for our employees in our stores, so we're seeing rising costs in those areas for all the right reasons.
Marco Pagni: Yes, Scott. It’s Marco again. HHI index, Herfindahl Index are pretty old technology for the FTC. So I'm not sure that are particularly focused on that as a measure at all. And as I said before, we spend 22 months with the agency, we have a pretty clear ideas to where they're concerned about overlaps and where they're not.
Marco Pagni: As we said, Scott, we’re pretty sure that we understand whether they are concerned and whether or not.
