Rick J. Hans: Thank you, Ashley and good morning everyone. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO and Tim McLevish, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will discuss our first quarter results. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Alex Gourlay, President of Customer Experience and Daily Living. In the interest of being efficient with everyone's time today especially as we begin the holiday season, we are going to limit the call to 45 minutes. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information. You can find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website. After the call, this presentation and a podcast will be archived on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K filing and subsequent Exchange Act filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Rick J. Hans: Thank you Tim. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions. When we get to your questions please limit yourself to one question. Thank you. 
Rick J. Hans: Ladies and gentlemen that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. Lastly on a personal note I believe all of you probably know I am planning on retiring as of the end of the month. It’s been my honor and pleasure to work with Walgreen’s over the past 27 years and with all of you over last 15 years as the Head of Investor Relations. While many great accomplishments have been achieved at this company over this time period, I believe the best is yet to come. Thanks for wonderful memories on behalf of Walgreens let me one last time wish you all happy holidays. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Sure Ed, so let me just talk about the pressure that we are experiencing from a gross margin standpoint. I mean there is ongoing pressure from generic inflation. Some of the impact that we had in the fourth quarter was mitigated a little bit through some improvement in average wholesale price and the related impact on the growths etc. Certainly we have generated some additional synergies and from our joint venture buying group in Switzerland. And then as we’ve pointed out, that we do expect a step down in reimbursement levels associated with the Med Part D that’s already contracted in.  So on a going forward basis we do expect continued pressure and maybe a little bit additional pressure going into the second quarter and thereafter. We’ll continue to I mean expect that we’ll see some improvement in the average wholesale price which helps reimbursements, will continue to generate the synergies we can to mitigate that on a ongoing basis, and I will remind you that there is lots of speculation about the wisdom of taking on the Med Part D contracts. I will tell you that incrementally it is very attractive business.  Now clearly I mean there is a negative impact on overall margin percentage and even dollars relative to last year. But had we not undertaken that it would had a serious impact on both our revenues and our overall margins. So I mean in the end of the day it was a good thing for us to take that and generate some continuous to keep an attractive customer base coming to work to our stores and doing business with us.  We’ve talked about a billion dollar cost reduction program, we made some good progress on that in the first quarter of this year as is evidenced by our results. We continue to execute against that and I would expect that largely to offset a big piece of the margin pressure that we continue to experience. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I mean the second quarter obviously we have to step down to Med D, so we’ll have some pressure there. I wouldn’t expect further pressure from there, there isn’t a natural step down in the third quarter on Med D. We’ll have to see how the generic inflation plays out but overtime we kind of eat into a little bit of that as the reimbursements get some support with improvement in NAWP, etc. So I don’t expect a material -- more pressure in the third quarter relative to the second quarter.  Let me before I turn it over to Alex to respond, I just want to say one thing, our cost reduction effort certainly at some point has to take cost out of the store level. But that’s the reverse order in which we are focusing on it. We are starting at the corporate level and working our way down to the supply chain and we’re making best effort to mitigate any impact it may have on delivering service to our customers. And in fact some of the things we are doing is taking work load off of our store managers and their store employees to enable them to better focus on customers. With that let me turn over to Alex to comment. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Let me comment on one other piece. You noted the mix of impact on the front end on our retail products business. Traffic was down a little bit, margin was up and basket size was up. A big piece of that was elimination of questionable promotions from last year. But again as we endeavor t upgrade the quality of our product on the front end, improve the margin percentage, and illuminate some of those unprofitable promotions it actually takes a fair amount of work out of the store. So rather than hang lots of hang tags of discounts and so forth, our store employees are much better positioned to be supporting and providing service to our customers. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Alvin I want to remind you that what you read in the -- in our proxy statement was a piece of information provided to the bankers to enable them to generate fairness opinion on the transaction. And we haven’t confirmed that information but I will simply tell you this that the results of the first quarter are largely aligned with our expectation for the year. I mean it is kind of where we had anticipated the first quarter coming in and it is aligned with our projections for the year. 
Timothy R. McLevish: So, we regard specialty as a very important and strategic business. It carries some characteristics which create some distortions to some of the metrics as you might look at them but at the end of the day its attractive business and it is our strategy to continue to grow that business. These numbers aren’t going to be perfect and precise because they are averages but how I think about the specialty business, as you are talking about very expensive prescription drugs. They tend to carry prices up to 30 times what our average prescription would carry. They carry gross profit perhaps 10 times what our average gross profit would be across the rest of our portfolio.  So net, net that means that our margin percentage is going to be considerably less and it will put downward pressure on that margin percentage. However, generating margins of 10x of what our average is with modestly more SG&A to support it means a very attractive business for us. Again it may distort the ratios but it is very attractive and it generates very attractive dollar margins to support our business and operating profit.  I would also look to see the next test is kind of what is the return on investment on it but the -- on average probably the required inventory to support that is actually less than the average because typically we don’t carry those prescriptions in the pharmacies or in our warehouses. It is just in our case now or AmerisourceBergen or upstream in the channels so, we aren’t carrying the inventory to support it. So it is attractive business on almost every level even though it creates some distortion in some of the ratios. 
Timothy R. McLevish: We don’t comment on speculation or rumors in the marketplace that we have never confirmed any of those rumors. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I mean on Balance, we’ve employed over the years of strategy to have the best corner or location in any geography and with an intent that it would generate more traffic and more revenue and obviously more margins and more profits. In some cases that worked, in some cases it didn’t but on Balance it left us with an occupancy cost both in terms of rent or lease cost and another occupancy as part of the strategy to avoid better service and try to drive higher traffic and revenues, etc.  So in some cases we find there are many cases on Balance, the average when we look at it relative to our primary competitor, our occupancy cost and store costs are higher. We are doing lots of things to manage down all aspects of that overall cost structure including taking a hard look at those stores. Obviously we have a vast array of different terms remaining on leases. They tend to be 10 plus year leases and some of them are well into their lifecycle. But I can't say that we would have an appreciable impact short term on just waiting for those leases to naturally roll. We are taking the opportunity to go in where we can to renegotiate leases and then in some cases it's attractive for a land lord to do that. And we’re looking at a variety of things but it is not a short-term quick fix solution. But it is all part of our cost savings initiatives that we have talked about. 
Timothy R. McLevish: I mean as we have built the fleet, as Alex mentioned we tend to use kind of a cookie cut approach. So if you look at most of our stores they are quite similar in appearance and size and scale, etc. As we go forward we will probably adapt that format a little bit more to the market conditions and so forth. And we are doing everything we can for the existing fleet where the size doesn’t fit optimally to the market to adjust as I talked about earlier.
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I am sorry George but I don’t want to go in to specifics on where it is at. I mean we’ve identified, have the overall program. I’ve also commented not quantified but commented that we will look harder at our cost structure and in all likelihood considering market conditions and considering the opportunity we’ll go more aggressively at our cost reduction program. We haven’t finalized that, we haven’t communicated to our Board but as soon as we do we’ll get back to be on it. But we are going to go after all cost or wherever there is opportunity and I prefer to start with those that are away from the customer, the furthest away from the customer. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I mean on Balance we’re some underwater on the incremental share and the incremental scripts that we’ve picked up relative to the step down in those that we already had. So if we had assumed that we could keep all of the existing scripts at the old prices we are deriving, it wasn’t very attractive for us to enter into this contract. But the likelihood that somebody else would pick it up and would take that business away from us was quite high and it was better for us to continue to participate with a little bit somewhat lower margins on the existing business that we are doing. And we have picked up some incremental customers and prescriptions. But I can't quantify exactly what that is. On Balance though I would say it resulted in a step down in margins from the prior year. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Just need a -- there is not much on volume being ready. We’re feeling pretty good about the market just now. The market is growing quite well, we have seen more life come into the market through the various initiatives of the government. But we are well prepared for January peak when a lot of people present scripts in the market for the first time to the new pharmacy. So we have a big focus on not on that we are feeling good about how well prepared we are in the market and the market looks solid as you have seen from other as well in this period. 
Timothy R. McLevish: It is Alex here, hi. You got to play in the market so as always -- we’ve always been in the market, we’ve always tried to compete in the market and give payers good value in the market. And that’s what we are doing right now. Again the market has changed as we said before and we are working closely with the payers to make sure that we give them good volume. So that would be the intend going forward. The good thing we have that we didn’t have before is that we have got the ability to leave these global buying -- so again as time goes forward we are feeling good about where the organization is and on the extra, again extra scale it is giving us. So again we are a big chain, we got global buying power and we should and will compete. 
Timothy R. McLevish: And I would also, I mean we’ve talked about the generic inflation that we have experienced over the last year. And some of that is catching up as the average wholesale price gets adjusted more to appropriate levels. The other thing that we are doing is as contracts -- our reimbursement contracts expire and we renew them, we are ensuring that we have inflation protection built into those and we are having good success in doing so. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Really it’s on both sides Eric. It’s in the generics a little modestly on the branded but big piece of it also is in the goods not for resale as we point out. But just by sheer magnitude of the opportunities, it more comes from the purchasing of generics. Under this head we are making good progress and we are on pace if not a little bit ahead on the target for the year. And as we flush that out going into second quarter I would expect us to update you on that and perhaps we’ll see it pretty clear to providing a even better number. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I mean we do as you know bring in our 45% share of Alliance Boots but until we close on the transaction we can’t as a private company and we are not at liberty to share specifics of their performance results or growth. They do report periodically quarterly some information on their -- I guess annually on their website but they don’t share detailed information and again we are not at liberty to share. 
Timothy R. McLevish: I mentioned earlier that when we close on 12/31 the transaction it will be obviously be a 100% owned and it will be consolidated into the WBA totals. We are removing the lag as we report on a going forward basis but we’ll restate to remove that lag and it will be all be adjusted from a historical perspective. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Yes, I mean I can’t talk specifically about expenses that they’re incurring. Anything that you would have seen in ours will be reflected but you will see when we do restate for the first quarter of 2015 after we do consolidate, close the deal and consolidate any expenses, any unusual expenses that they might incur in that quarter will be reflected in our consolidated number. So you will have the visibility to them. 
