Roz Brewer: Thank you, Eric. Let me start out first by asking James to give a little bit of color on your second question, and then we’ll go into the AllianceRx after that. Thank you.
Roz Brewer: So, Lisa, let me talk a little bit about how we’re thinking about our growth in Walgreens Health and how that really leverages our core business, and Walgreens managed by John Standley. So, here’s a way to think about this. We are creating an entity here that does much more than just dispensing of pharmaceuticals. So, the way to think about this is the number of VillageMD units that we plan to bring together, when we think about this investment of $5.2 billion, we’ll be opening at least 600 of those village medical clinics within our entity and then adding the Health Corners. We’re trying to put the consumer in the middle of this and also giving them the visibility of what it costs to manage their healthcare over their lifetime. When we think about where does the profitability come from in this, it is much beyond the prescription usage. I think about a customer coming into VillageMD and actually understanding more about their healthcare needs, it will help them understand the spending. And then also two, what comes from operating a primary care physician practice within our entity. And then, I think about the work that can happen between optimizing for that patient, between understanding what the pharmacist is applying to that customer or patient’s healthcare needs, and to get that repeatability and also giving the customer or patient the opportunity to come into one of our units and utilize the Health Corner. And so just managing their care over time, for instance, looking at their A1C levels and things like that over a period of time will hopefully bring their cost of care down and keep them out of the healthcare system and returning to emergency rooms and hospital settings. And so, we’ve not really articulated a clear view on profitability going forward. But, what I would tell you is that this does take us well beyond just the additional script. It’s much larger than that.
Roz Brewer: Mike, this is Roz. Can I just add a couple of things here just for clarity? So, you also noticed that we made a significant investment in labor. And as we are all involved in this uncertain labor market, we’re not quite sure how much more investment we’ll need to apply there. But what we’ve done so far, applying it very directly against regaining our script business, which could turn the numbers around in that area. And also as the potential for a fourth dose to come online, we’re managing through that. So, the uncertainty here is the other part that we need to think about. And then I just wanted to mention the piece on shrink, is that we're managing this on a couple of different levels. It's happening at store level, but myself personally and our government relations team has been in the Washington DC area, having conversations with our national leaders on how do we get around this shrink issue? And what we’re seeing is goods leaving from our store and ending up online applications. So, we’re working with our partners that are in the online business pretty heavy to make sure that we can monitor this situation. So, it’s that level of certainty and the enormity of some of these issues that is there more to be had here. But, it’s the uncertainty piece that we’re managing, Mike, if that’s helpful.
Roz Brewer: All right. Thank you. I just want to mention to everyone, thank you for joining the call this morning. I hope your takeaway from this call is that you see that we’re making meaningful progress towards our strategic priorities. We’ve been delivering against our Investor Day commitments that we laid out just as early as October. It’s still early days, but it’s clear that we are creating sustainable values for our shareholders, and we’re off to a strong start for the fiscal year. Raising our full year adjusted EPS guidance is important for us, as you continue to track us and, see the road that we’re on, to really try and achieve these attractive low-teens earnings growth over the long term. So, I appreciate your time today and look forward to those who will join us at the conference next week. Thank you.
James Kehoe: Yes. Hi, Eric. So, we’ve taken the stake from 55% to 100%. As you plot out to adjusted operating income, there’ll be no change because we already consolidate a 100%, and then you have the below the line adjustment for the minority interest of 45%. So, you will recall that when we gave guidance at the beginning of the year, it was a material driver within the U.S. business. We called out that there would be a 7% decline in U.S. revenues as a result of roughly an $8 billion decline in the AllianceRx Walgreens Prime business. So, this large decline and we kind of stared at this and looked at and said this business will need to be restructured. It’s probably better under one owner to do this quicker. And honestly, we see -- we’re formulating the new specialty strategy in the business. We see -- now that we have the Shields assets combined with our specialty pharmacies combined with the AllianceRx Walgreens Prime business, we do believe we can formulate an integrated specialty business. Hold on a little bit as we come out with more information on this. You’ve raised some legal disputes between the two parties. They’ve now been resolved as a result of the acquisition. Looking at our guidance, it has a slight negative impact because if we were declining a $100 million in income year-on-year, we will now be declining 100% of that income on a net income basis, as opposed to 55%. But honestly, this is a couple of cents on the full-year, so I wouldn’t even worry about it in the context of guidance. But I do want to reiterate, I think you’ll see us maybe in the next six months come out with a more energized specialty strategy, which will be more integrated in how we surround potential partners with a series of integrated services. So, we’re pretty excited by this. I do want to emphasize -- I do want to emphasize the relationship with Prime is very strong as a result of this. We’re still significant partners of theirs in retail, and we will continue to offer specialty services to them on an ongoing basis as they require.
James Kehoe: So Lisa, thank you. You have five or six questions in there. The first one is vaccinations. So, we’ve increased the estimate from 25 million to 30 million, and especially as a result of high levels of activity in the first quarter. I do want to stress though the 30 is just -- it’s a number we’ve picked at a point in time. Depending on the evolution of the variants and guidance from the CDC and others, this number could vary quite a bit. So, there could be some potential upside to this actually. And two, but specifically on that we increased 5 million that’s worth about $0.09. And then testing, we had a fairly large opportunity as well, because actually the biggest driver in the first quarter is actually probably testing as opposed to vaccines. And that’s probably in the range of 12 to 15 kind of cents, just on the full year. So I’m giving you a full year number. So, $0.09 on vaccines and testing is call it $0.12 to $0.15, so quite a sizeable contribution to the full year. As we look at the 30 million, you break it out on approximately 19 million are boosters. You can figure out what the rest is. Pediatrics, I believe is somewhere in the region of 2 million to 2.5 million. So, the rest is people aged 12 plus. So, I can’t be much more specific than that from memory, but it’s kind of our base assumptions. We’re not giving profitability. You can work it out from the cents per share that we just gave you. I’m trying to remember that I covered all your questions.
James Kehoe: Yes. So, George, the Q1 was excluding immunizations was up 1.8%, and it was a little softer than where we would have liked to be. One of the big drivers was Medicaid where the market grew strongly in both Medicaid and discounted products. And we like the market in Medicaid because we have a lower percentage overall share in the category. That being said, there is a fairly strong connectivity between the scripts and the amount of vaccinations and testing done in the quarter, because the pharmacists are doing both jobs and there is been high level investments. So, I think what has happened a little bit is because of staffing shortages, we’ve had to reduce operating hours in some locations. And then two is some of those phone calls that happen to say, adherence follow-ups they take in the medication, those phone calls were not priority number one during the administration of the vaccinations. So, we got to get a bit of a rebalance in the year to go, and we are reasonably confident that the actions were taken are definitely in the right direction. So, we should see an uptake in scripts in the coming months.
James Kehoe: Maybe I’ll tag team with John on this. There is a fair amount of talk about free testing. That’s still to be determined when that will be in the market. As far as I know there isn’t a website set up and there isn’t a defined procedure of how it’s all going to work. So, I think it’s a couple of months away. I think that the critical one right now is stock availability. And I give you an interesting statistic. Our health and wellness share in the market generally is around 17%, 18%. Our share of the at-home test is 40%, 45%. So, I think what we’ve superbly executed against is supply chain fulfillment and partnerships with suppliers. Right now, we’re a little spotty in places on availability. We’re at about 70%, but we clearly sold the majority of the at-home test in the channel. So, it’s been a huge success. So, the 200 million didn’t come just magically. It came because of stock availability. And we had much more of -- I think we had seven different types of COVID at-home tests in our stores in various places. So, we’ve I would say executed on this one and that’s why we have such a big contribution in the first quarter. We think we will continue to out execute. We see our stock availability levels going up significantly by mid month. So, we’re feeling in a pretty good place in the next three months. Beyond that, nobody can tell. It’s all on what’s the -- where are the variants at a particular point in time? I think testing is here to stay for a considerable amount of time, but our full year forecast is now riding on this. I can assure you of that.
James Kehoe: Yes, flu. We had a very strong -- strangely, we had a very strong flu season in the UK, which was up 150%. Then we had a fairly weak one in the U.S. Flu incidences generally were down compared to a record season last year. So, did it go brilliantly? The answer is no. I think the exact number is why we were -- I think it was an 80 basis-point headwind on vaccinations, something like that. When you look at the script numbers, the first quarter was 80 basis points negative due to a weaker flu season.
James Kehoe: I would just summarize, it’s not material year-on-year. I think it’s tracking slightly behind the budget. But it’s not material enough to talk about. And then year-on-year, I’d call it kind of neutral.
John Standley: No, James did a great job summarizing it. Specialty is a huge part of our business. We do $20 billion-plus of specialty, and we’re excited to bring these assets fully back into the portfolio, as James described. So, big opportunity for us. We’re really excited.
John Standley: Yes. I think, I’ll just comment, James. We saw really strong performance in OTC, beauty, personal care, all very strong categories, good success with our mass personalization efforts and a little bit of halo from the vaccine and testing. So, I think those were all good contributors to the strong performance in the quarter.
John Standley: Sure. I mean, I think the -- I would just say on Rx, I think we saw script count growth above and beyond what we saw in vaccinations, but we think there’s more opportunity for us there just looking broadly at the marketplace. We are, as James and Roz talked about making significant investments in the business, both from a staffing perspective as well as with project nucleus and other capabilities we’re putting into to really drive that pharmacy experience in store. So, I think we still see a ton of upside and growth opportunity just in the base pharmacy business, just to grow our market share and to push that forward.
John Standley: No, not really. I think it’s a little bit soon. I think we need another quarter behind us. We’ve got, I think 81 clinics open. We still need -- I was on the phone to some of the Village guys yesterday, we still need to get the same kind of stats. They already have stats to prove that a pharmacist working with a doctor produces tremendous benefits in terms of outcomes. We need to replicate those statistics in the co-located. We’re convinced that will happen. It’s just a timing difference. I think as you look forward on village -- sorry, if you look forward on our segment, one thing I’d ask you to have in mind is, the revenue is pretty small in the quarter, because we’re just closing the acquisitions. A good way to think about these acquisitions is both -- if CareCentrix closes at the beginning of the third quarter, we essentially will be doing a little over a $1 billion a quarter in terms of revenue in the segment. So, if you think about Q4 and you do a simplistic run rate, by the time we finish Q4, we’ll have a run rate of about $4 billion, probably north of $4 billion in terms of call it 12 months run rate on the segment. That’s the only kind of new insight we would give, because a little bit -- analysts' models are a little bit all over the place in terms of expectations. So, I don’t think you’re going to see stability on revenue as we get into Q3. And it all depends on closing time on CareCentrix. But once that’s closed, you’re looking at $1 billion a quarter for the remainder of the year.
John Standley: Yes, absolutely. I mean, I think, where we’ve gone with diagnostic testing now, just with COVID testing in over 7,000 stores, we’ve got some good green shoots in A1C testing that are underway right now. It’s very early stages, but I think that’s a big opportunity for us. And in our COVID testing, we do clear rapid testing in our stores in over 4,000 locations. So, I think that’s one example of some of the changes to our business, so come out of COVID as we move forward that are big opportunities for us.
John Standley: I don’t think it’s a hugely material issue for us at the moment. We’re obviously watching the situation. We feel the administration is actually very supportive. And the idea here is obviously to get access to medications to as any folks who should have them as possible. And that’s really our objective as well. And obviously, Shields gives us a whole another approach here as well, as you look at the 340B space, but it’s also an important part of our specialty business, and again, just making sure that we can get patients access to the medications that they should have. So, I think as far as what we can see in exposure so far, that’s reflected in the guidance that we’ve given.
John Standley: Yes. I was going to jump in if that’s okay. So, I think what’s important about us is access. So, between what we have in community pharmacy today, what we have in hospital pharmacies, what we dispense in our retail pharmacies and what we have today through our central, so we bring I think a great network of access to the marketplace with really strong clinical capabilities. And just as an important part of that is our relationships with pharma, and just over the last few months, we brought in 10 new limited distribution drugs to our portfolio now of probably just over 200 limited distribution drugs. So, we actually do business with all of those large PBMs that you mentioned and support them in their efforts. They’re important partners to us, as well as direct contracting. So, I think there’s a space force in this market. And you’ll hear us talk about that as we bring our strategies for the integration of all our capabilities that we have.
John Standley: You bet. So, we’re working with industry groups in various states to really try and make sure that any kind of performance really, the fees are fair and equitable, which many DIR fees today just aren’t, the way they’re designed. And so that’s really, I think the key component of it, from a regulatory perspective. So, we support efforts to just try and have a fee structure that makes sense where a community pharmacy or retail pharmacy is fairly compensated for the services that it provides. And that’s really kind of where we’re headed here. I think the impact of it -- we would just have to see, one, specifically what the regulation is. And then secondly, do the PBMs or others -- or not really PBMs or plan sponsors, somehow shift the playing field in some other way. You’d have to take into consideration in terms of trying to determine the quantitative impact of what those changes might be. But clearly, some of these fees just don’t make any sense.
