John Driscoll: Good morning. As Roz and James outlined, while we're confident in the range and scale of our healthcare business, we are disappointed with the pace of our path to profitability. U.S. Healthcare missed targets due to VillageMD and CityMD underperformance. Directly related to reduce COVID, cold and flu season and softer market demand. We're taking immediate actions to drive improved profitability. We anticipate this year will remain a transition year as we take action to deliver value and drive profitability. We're rightsizing our cost structure, through optimizing overhead and revenue synergies to better match market demand. We're raising and accelerating synergy capture goals. We believe that we can enhance Village growth and value by focusing on gaining density in existing markets to accelerate VillageMD's path to profitability and supporting the integration of our digital assets with our VillageMD platform, and we continue to enhance our Village management team. We've recruited Rich Rubino, a seasoned healthcare CFO, to be the Chief Financial Officer of the combined VillageMD Summit Business. Longer term, we're implementing a high impact three-year plan to improve performance through an intense focus on operational excellence and cost optimization. Achieving our healthcare vision depends on each of our companies, delivering on their respective plans, and relentless execution of harvesting growth synergies across the Walgreens portfolio. We're building a differentiated value-based care delivery model that successfully integrates pharmacy and medical care for a value-based care market that will more than double by 2027. Walgreens has a unique right to win, with our reach, consumer engagement, and enterprise investments in primary care, specialty, and care to the home. We continue to see the enhanced value of our individual healthcare assets connected to our core Walgreens pharmacy to create value for patients, providers, and plans. A great example of that is our quickly scaling clinical trials recruiting business. Next, let me turn to Summit Health, where we see opportunity to drive meaningful AOI in U.S. Healthcare. While we are obviously disappointed with the pace of unlocking the full value of Summit and CityMD, we expect Summit to contribute materially to profit growth in fiscal year ‘24. Leveraging WBA, we will invest in targeted marketing campaigns to increase the patient base at CityMD sites. Our continued focus on operational excellence and cost optimization should continue to improve growth and synergies from prior acquisitions. Finally, we are raising and accelerating the synergy capture goal from $150 million in 2027 to $200 million in calendar year 2026. Turning to VillageMD. Over the last few months, we've slowed the pace of clinic openings in new markets. As we've studied their performance, we have refocused our growth plans to leverage regional density to support more profitable growth. To achieve our strategic objectives of better engagement and lower cost of care in a more cost effective manner, we are launching new virtual and asset light models. We've expanded our marketing efforts to support patient panel growth in our clinics and are working with new leadership to accelerate cost control. We continue to be impressed by the performance of our more mature VillageMD markets risk performance and are focused on continuing to accelerate the conversion of our fee for service lives to our proven risk based model. VillageMD is a high quality care delivery model. As James mentioned, most of our newer VillageMD clinics are at an early stage of development. But if we focus on the performance of our more mature Medicare Advantage markets, where we have achieved an appropriate level of market density, including Arizona, Georgia, and Houston, VillageMD has demonstrated the ability to bend the cost curve. We will focus on replicating this performance in other markets, as we convert fee for service volume to our risk based model. And we will also leverage our integrated care models with pharmacy and our other healthcare assets across the U.S. healthcare business. As part of our refocused U.S. healthcare approach, we aligned our go-to-market products for health systems and health plans under one team of seasoned healthcare executives with some encouraging short-term sales results noted on the slide. In summary, Walgreens remains the independent partner of choice for health plans and health systems through the combination of our legacy pharmacy platform with our portfolio of health assets. Our portfolio consistently delivers better outcomes at lower costs for plans, systems, and patients, which we believe is well suited to meet the demands of a healthcare market that is quickly moving from fee for service to fee for value. While there is clearly work to be done, we now have the leadership, plans, an organizational structure in place to rapidly advance our priorities. Now let me turn it back over to James.
John Driscoll: Thanks, Lisa. You know, I think it's utilization is actually, sort of, a mixed blessing for us. We're seeing consistently solid performance in terms of bending the cost curve at Village. I think that positions us better and better as a managed care partner. We were hit with the CityMD utilization, I think that there we're at the early stages of harvesting the embedded profitability of Summit and City, and the City hit on utilization in this quarter also hit our lab and ancillary business a bit. But we think that there's an opportunity on both the value-based side to integrate some of the lessons from Village at Summit and City, because both of them have very high NPS. They are demonstrating the ability to reduce cost over time. And as we get at some of the cost synergies, I think you're going to see a significant improvement, I mean, we are expecting a quarter-over-quarter improvement in healthcare EBITDA of 70% looking at Q4. So I think we've got opportunities on the cost side, but also on the value side to optimize our model.
John Driscoll: Yes. Ann, I am really encouraged by the core growth across the portfolio. We've laid out exactly where the challenge is, which is in cost and profit opportunity. And we are laser focused on executing to unlocking that value. So look for us, as I mentioned in the earlier answer, to continue to unlock the embedded profitability of that part of the business. We see positive signs from all of the buyers. It's our responsibility to grow, but also to grow and focus on profitable growth. And we will continue to, kind of, dig in there. And I'm confident that you will see consistent improved performance on that over time.
John Driscoll: Lucas, thanks for the question, it’s John. We are seeing a remarkably robust appetite for risk of two different sorts, one, is the per member per month, capitated risk, and your -- on the MA population, but whether it is performance risk on closing gaps in care or performance opportunities to earn and enhance the delivery of our specialty pharmacy business with the Shields. There is a consistent interest in products and services that in total, lower the cost of care and improve outcomes. And we are very encouraged by the demand across every constituency for every product we've got, whether it's health corners, VillageMD, City, or Shields or CareCentrix, that the opportunity that the track record of performance around delivering on lower cost of care, while keeping up a high NPS on the part of the patients and providers. And delivering those results will allow us to honestly deliver a portfolio of risk based and performance based products that I think are going to be -- are going to build on, you know, our notion of being the independent partner of choice for health plans and health systems. So I think we will -- you'll see more and more news about that, and that's part of unlocking the embedded profitability of the assets we own.
John Driscoll: You know, I think the Shields is actually turns out to be an advantage position, because it's not in the contract pharmacy business. It's really a specialty pharmacy services business for hospital based 340b-related specialty pharmacies. And we continued to see strong demand and the sustainability of those contracts. And so we're highly confident that Shields is actually in a great position, because of the just core growth of specialty pharmacy drugs and the need for hospitals to partner with a services platform that delivers a best-in-class adherence and integrates really well with hospitals that are needing to manage those high need chronic patients.
John Driscoll: I think that's the right way to look at it. I think, Eric, you should expect that we will, you know, we laid out that Q4 target of a 70% improvement over Q3 we're not prepared right now to give extensive ‘24 guidance. And I think we'd probably be a low to give sub-segment, segment guidance, because I think that would even be more confusing. But we are seeing, as I said, the revenue ramp and the demand in each of our markets for each of our companies. And we have taken and are taking swift action to unlock the embedded profitability. And a lot of that is a line of sight. So on cost synergies, integration opportunities with solid demand. So I think you'll -- we'll be comfortable giving you more guidance, I think, in Q4. But we see incremental improvement month-over-month and in each of these categories towards those targets.
James Kehoe: Thanks, John. Capital allocation priorities remain focused on core business investments, debt pay down, and our dividend. We will continue to pursue disciplined returns-based organic investment in our core business. And we are simplifying our portfolio to unlock value and provide financial flexibility. We are very committed to maintaining our investment grade rating and our dividend. Now, let's take a quick look at the transformational cost management program. We are raising the cumulative 2024 savings target $4.1 billion and this is the sixth target increase since the program began. With $3.3 billion saved by the end of this year, we are projecting at least $800 million of savings in ‘24. Let me talk to a couple of the cost saving initiatives. We just completed an organization restructuring, which included transforming our headquarters to better align our resources with our strategic priorities. This led to the elimination of more than 500 roles, representing around 10% of our corporate and U.S. support office workforce. Our pharmacy of the future operating model will drive significant savings we're optimizing the model through our micro fulfillment centers, tech enabled centralization of in-store activities and telepharmacy solutions. These initiatives will also elevate the role of the pharmacists and improve patient engagement. Finally, we will continue to optimize our locations and opening hours and expect to close an additional 300 locations in the U.K. and 150 locations in the U.S. As you have seen, we are accelerating our portfolio optimization to further simplify the business, we have fully exited from our Option Care Health position with overall proceeds of $1.2 billion since August 2022. Let me also highlight our recent monetization of AmerisourceBergen shares using a variable prepaid forward structure. Under the VPF approach, there is no EPS dilution until the contracts mature. We continue to receive dividends and we retain some share price upside. Please note that the remaining stake in AmerisourceBergen is worth approximately $5 billion. With that, let me now pass it back to Roz for her closing comments.
James Kehoe: Okay. Let me cover dividend first, and just -- I want to emphasize in ’24, we are giving commentary that operating income will grow low-to-mid-single-digit. And we clearly have a lot of work to do on cash flow. And first one is EBITDA, so we see strong growth next year. And the second one is we're building out incremental working capital programs and we're significantly curtailing our capital expenditures. So I want to make it crystal clear, we are absolutely committed to the dividend, absolutely committed, both to the dividend and to our investment grade rating. And I would point out we did highlight specifically in the prepared comments that our stake in ABC is still worth $5 billion. So we -- while we're going through the short-term transformation, we do have plenty of firepower going forward. Bear in mind, as you look at our numbers on cash flow, we're investing approximately $1 billion of free cash flow in healthcare this year. And as we move forward into the future and it starts breaking even on an EBITDA basis, that $1 billion quickly becomes a cash flow generation tool. But we are getting into incremental and much more aggressive actions on capital and working capital in the short-term. Your second question then was on calendar ‘24. The reimbursement. Okay, sorry about that. Reimbursement as looking back over the last 18-months, the environment has been much more positive. I would say that we did comment and we've actually comment similar to that we said that this year, the current fiscal year is an 85%. This was a 15% step down on the previous year. So that is the net reimbursement pressure on the P&L has improved. We actually don't want to give too much comments on future negotiations, but we see much more productive discussions with payers and providers in general, because we're bringing more value to the table, our ability to do medical adherence and other such activities and improve outcomes for payers has improved significantly over the last two years, and it's starting to be more recognized in productive discussions. Maybe I'll ask Rick Gates, our Head of Pharmacy to make some comments -- further comments.
James Kehoe: And then Ann maybe I could add. We actually believe there'll be significant core growth in the U.S. business next year, as well because we'll be absorbing a year-on-year non-operating headwind from lower sale and leaseback. And then on addition, we mentioned a $290 million headwind on COVID. And maybe go back to the tailwinds and headwinds chart. We have a couple of items, you mentioned correctly, U.S. Healthcare. There's a couple more transformational cost management program is at least 800 million of savings, and we've basically identified those savings already. Two on the front of store business, we have $200 million on of CPI, and that's essentially more cost optimization and margin improvement. And then we have synergies in the U.S. healthcare business. So our cost optimization and savings next year, as well in excess of $1 billion. So it's much more controllable and already defined. Now some of that will be eaten up by wages and inflation plus reimbursement pressure, but we're well advanced on savings that are controllable savings of over $1 billion and a lot of that is in the U.S. business. We basically give some examples of cost reduction, just the headquarter restructuring. This was done on the corporate head office, and it was done on the U.S. support office. And those 500 reductions were done in the space of about four months, and the savings are in excess of a $100 million. So we're moving at pace to address the challenges and really going after the cost envelope.
James Kehoe: Yes. And maybe I'll take it from another direction. And if we look forward to the fourth quarter, we've got a bunch of headwinds in the fourth quarter, and you could actually call out COVID, which is probably 20 points of a headwind and sale and leaseback another 20. So the guide we're basically giving is a slight decline in EPS, but the core growth is more like 30%, 40% growth in the fourth quarter. So we're seeing that the flywheel is working. You know, we've had some pressure on margins in the short-term in retail, but the flywheel is starting to perform. Then the second data point is we give -- as we discuss low-to-mid-single-digit operating income growth over the entire course of next year, absorbing sale and leaseback, and absorbing COVID, and any other headwinds that are on the horizon. So if you subtract out those two, the low-to-mid-single-digit is more like a low-teens growth in adjusted operating income. So where we see the flywheel coming back and coming back quickly. If you project that forward, you're right, the sale and leaseback gains run out in ‘24. So it is the last year. But by then, the improved profit prospects on the healthcare business, plus the flywheel working in the U.S. business more consistently should get us to those previous targets of low-single-digit. Now we're not guiding to that. We're not confirming guidance, but we see that the core earnings power is successively improving every quarter. And I think people will be very positively surprised by the quality of earnings particularly in the fourth quarter of this year and then going into next year.
James Kehoe: Yes. I think on working capital, if you look back over, let's say, a five-year period, we've probably reduced working capital by $2.5 billion. It's not as if we haven't done it, but we're setting on fairly high levels of inventory. We've run a front of store above 90-days, which is on the high side. And the second part on pharmacy, we're above 30-days, and both of those for me personally are quite high. We've put in place big initiatives to address those. One is the micro fulfillment centers, which effectively will take a fair amount of inventory out of the 8,800 stores as we centralize into less than 20 centers. When we put together the program, that was identified at almost $1 billion of working capital opportunity, we've probably captured 40% of that. And, you know, I just want to emphasize, this is a multi-year program we're running, but it's hundreds and hundreds of millions every year on working capital optimization driven by micro fulfillment centers, we have new forecasting systems going in. We're putting in a new inventory management system and perpetual inventory for pharmacy for the first time, and that's rolling out even as we speak. So we have huge initiatives rolling out that will really drive benefits next year. On that, we're targeting investment grade rating. We're not within our metrics right now. The target with Moody's is I think it's 475. And we have worked to do to both improve our operating cash flow, which we just talked about. And then secondly, targeted pay down of debt to get within the metrics, and we expect to do so -- confidently expect to do so during the course of fiscal ‘24.
James Kehoe: Yes. And just to reemphasize that, Eric, I think when John says 70%, that means you take the EBITDA loss in Q3, multiply it by 30%, and that's we will deliver. So we're getting very close to EBITDA breakeven in the fourth quarter, and we have decent line of sight to positive EBITDA for the segment in the first-half of next year.
