Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Mark. I think that many, as we've said, were waiting toward the end to see if, indeed, we'd settle. And I think what's encouraging is the fact that they do have a clause to exit their PBM contract. And I think what we're hearing is that many are actually thinking about it and talking about doing that next year and going out to RFP.
Gregory D. Wasson: I'd agree with that. We've spent a little extra money on purpose in this quarter, to make sure that we were allowing our pharmacist to have quality time with their patients, especially during the Med D enrollment period. And I think to Wade's point, we want to make sure we're taking care of patients in January. So it's most likely be back half weighted.
Gregory D. Wasson: Matt, Greg. I'll take the first half, maybe let Wade comment on the capital plan. I think -- obviously, we think that if we -- that we deserve a fair and acceptable reimbursement compensation for the services we provide, and that's what this issue is about with Express Scripts so we wouldn't accept anything different from any PBM, including Medco. Can't comment on the proposed merger, but in addition, keep in mind that Medco's book of businesses is much less than it was a year ago. And we think with the uncertainty in the marketplace next year, that they're going to be -- they're going to have a challenged selling season as well. We're working with all of our partners out there right now to help them find a solution that would have Walgreens in it, so.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. Ed, I'll start off with this. As I like to say all the time, we're in the business to fill scripts. And certainly, we need fair reimbursement, but we're always open. I will say that we made another serious attempt last week to get an agreement before January 1 to minimize patient disruption. Unfortunately, the response we got back was not very meaningful, and more importantly, the response was suggested to kick the can down the road past January 1, which, frankly, doesn't do anything to minimize the disruption for our patients, WellPoint's patients and Express Scripts' patients. So we're moving on, but we're always open. As I said, we're in the business to fill scripts at fair reimbursement, but -- that's the latest update I can give you.
Gregory D. Wasson: Past January 1. Our focus is to minimize the patient disruption, and there's going to be a lot of disruption in the marketplace beginning January 1. And we look to make one last attempt to try to prevent that, and the timeliness of that does not make sense for us.
Gregory D. Wasson: As I said, I'm always open. We're in the business to fill scripts, but that was our best attempt to try to prevent the disruptions. It's going to -- it's really going to happen in the marketplace January 1, and I hope the folks don't underestimate the disruption that this is going to cause.
Gregory D. Wasson: I would say it hasn't changed our opinion one bit. Getting a bad deal with one party doesn't make you feel any better about getting a bad deal with 2. The reality is the people at Medco's network they value Walgreens network. They feel they're getting fair services for what we provide. And as long as we can keep compensated fairly for what we do, that's probably fine. But all the data suggests, those clients are going to want Walgreens in the network, and like I said, they'll have to look at all their options. And if it does happen with the luxury of time, we're very confident that we'll have that business one way or another as well. Ed, I think it's important to point out that, frankly, we're feeling more and more confident about this decision every day. We have plans, health plans, PBMs coming to us daily looking for the opportunity to differentiate themselves next year by having us in their network versus those that don't. And when you think about the fact that we absolutely are convinced that there is no significant cost savings, and in fact, by removing us, there may be increase in cost and the fact that you've got Walgreens in the network versus no without, we're encouraged by partnering with the folks that are out there looking to differentiate themselves and win in the marketplace next year.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, clearly, their spread model obviously doesn't work if we don't pay them the rates that they want from us. But obviously, we just expected 2 principles of being compensated fairly for what we do and also not advantaging any one payer substantially versus others, unless there's a reason to warrant it. And as long as we stand by that principle, we're going to be just fine with or without them. And we would agree. We don't understand the fact. But frankly, Express Scripts’ desire to force narrow networks based on cost is only accelerating our ability to create deeper preferred partnerships with our partners based on both value and cost, and that's where we're headed.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, we're not going to talk about any client obviously, but the fact that we have an issue right now with Express Scripts and not Medco tells you something. But we feel we get fair with all payers, including Medco, but we're not getting fair compensation with Express. And that's why we've done what we've done.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. Ed, good question. Frankly, I think what it does is get us more excited about our strategy and the need to even accelerate it and the opportunity to accelerate it. Frankly, as I said, this skirmish is moving the marketplace more toward us. The other hundreds of payers out there are looking to work more closely with us, and that's actually helping us. So we're excited about the strategic direction we're headed in. We're excited about the value the community pharmacy can and will play in the future, and frankly, we're accelerating.
Gregory D. Wasson: We've been in discussions with WellPoint as we are with all our payers over the last several months, but we can't comment specifically on what's going on with WellPoint.
Gregory D. Wasson: John, I would say no. As I said earlier, we're in the business to fill scripts. We're looking to partner with anybody who wants to leverage having us in their network. And frankly, I think the opportunity to have a wider, broader network, including Walgreens in Caremark's network, is an opportunity and advantage for Caremark. So we're absolutely interested and willing to work with Caremark.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. John, as I said, we made our last attempt last week. So that we'd minimize the disruption January 1. I think once it crosses January 1, there's going to be a lot of disruption in the marketplace. And frankly, that's why we're locked and loaded, and we're moving on.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. John, let's put it this way, when we have -- had been forced out of plans in the past, what we have seen is that patients return much more sooner than they do if they choose on their own to go elsewhere. So there -- if the patient is forced to go somewhere and then we are back in that plan, they return to us much sooner than they do if they just chose that -- they made that decision on their own.
Gregory D. Wasson: Eric, let me start, and then Wade can fill in a little more. What's encouraging is, as I said, I think, in my prepared remarks, the activity that we've seen in December with our partners is excessive compared to what a normal season is. That's encouraging. People that are now beginning to realize this could be major disruption for their employees are moving. We think that, that will continue on through January, February and March, as people begin to really realize what this will do. So we -- it's hard to put a number on it, but we think the -- typically, when there is almost no activity in January, February and March, there will be activity this January, February and March.
Gregory D. Wasson: No, Eric. In most cases, once they realize what the rates are that we're offering, they realize those are pretty darn good rates.
Gregory D. Wasson: And, Eric, I'd just like to add the fact that in addition to our belief and the research we've done, that our baseline costs are extremely competitive. The opportunity for a client to take advantage of not only our generic utilization, but also our 90-Day at Retail offering, there are significant savings opportunity out there for clients. That if they were indeed given the opportunity to add a 90-Day Retail benefit on top of an existing mail benefit, there is -- there are ample savings for clients, and that's what we're pushing.
Gregory D. Wasson: Unfortunately, a 1,000-employer shop -- Joe's garage shop has no idea what rate that Walgreens is giving to their PBM.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. Brian, we feel confident with CCR. You keep in mind, CCR wasn't just a static initiative. We're continuing to improve and add content, enhance product assortment, so forth. So we call it -- internally, we call it CCR 1.0, 2.0 and whatever, but -- so CCR was just a much-needed refresh, few reduction and some improvement of systems to help us manage our business better. That's been accomplished in 6,400 stores, and now we're moving on to the next big opportunities, which is content addition and marketing opportunities.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. Also remember that 2 clients for Express Scripts represent 50% of their business, right. But as we said, we've seen a very good traction. It's literally evolving by the day. So I think it's playing out in a very positive way.
Wade D. Miquelon: You expect to have a little more impact in Q2, because as we said, we're making sure that we provide stellar level of service through January to help all of these patients, make sure they're taken care of and navigated properly.
Wade D. Miquelon: I guess, Mark, I'm only at liberty to talk about the fact that we're executing the plan we've got aligned. So as you know, we're halfway through the $2 billion plan. We continue to be aggressive and ahead of schedule on that, but that's really all I can say at this time.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I mean, I would just say this, too, we hear the same thing from the Medco clients as we do from Express clients, which is they want Walgreens in the network, and they're going to want to have it. And the advantage they're going to have is they're going to have more window here of visibility to explore their options and probably more change of control provisions and other ways to direct their contracts. So we're very convinced that these clients are going to want Walgreens, and they'll have the luxury of time, hopefully, to find alternatives to do so.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. Little bit of an anomaly of just the WHI sale, but a lot of it is just payables can just really flow month-to-month on the month end. And so this will work its way out. So it’s just really just an anomaly.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I think Greg's completely right. I mean, in the bigger picture, we've got many, many tailwinds. We've got the generic wave coming on. We've got the aging population. But I think even more importantly, people are saying how can a valued community pharmacy and this 12% of spend help me and enable me to save on the other 88% of spend. And that's a huge opportunities for us to play, not only in pharmacy, but beyond that, into the health and daily living space that we're evolving to. So I'm optimistic on the space. I think we've got a great future ahead. We just have to play our game.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I think common ground we both have, is we both have and both value community pharmacy. It's part of who we are, and I think that's a common ground we can work from.
Wade D. Miquelon: Plus, as we partner with others who are very eager to win new business, we need to picture that tactic if we cross that January 1 line and make sure that we work with them and help them continue these partnerships.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I would just say, you can see that we've got the 11.4% basically. They're kind of in the bank. Again, we feel pretty good about winning back a meaningful part of Med D. What is it exactly? We won't know. But it will be meaningful, we believe. This all other -- there's just a lot of plans. We don't even know what they are. And every day, we're getting notification of one more that we didn't know, so we don't know in that bucket what we don't know until we get there. And then of course, these other big blocks, what remains to be seen with DOD or WellPoint is -- I know but -- I think we feel pretty good about the progress we're making, and we'll keep making it.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, I think it will continue. I mean, I've always said that whatever happens on January 1, in that period, we've always viewed that as that's going to be our toughest period, because we know, we’ll disproportionally get business back with other parties that value having us in their network. So whatever that is, it will continue to grow. The rate at which it grows, I think, remains to be seen, but all the market indications, everything we're seeing and hearing, everything our survey validates basically says that it's really a matter of time before people find an option to get what they want.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. I think exactly that's right, and I think it also affect those principle, too, of being fair with all the people that we deal with.
Wade D. Miquelon: Eric, I'll say one more thing, too. I think what this thing has done is -- recall in the past, we haven't been able to talk or work with a lot of these clients directly. So they've never -- many of them have never known what our actual rates are. Now as many are coming and able to look at our direct rate, I would say the general feeling is a bit of surprise that our rates were much more competitive than they thought. And I think the thing is that now they're starting to understand the spread in the middle versus the actual rates, and I think that that's a good development. And I think we want people to know that we're very competitive with other pharmacies.
Wade D. Miquelon: So exactly, I think Greg's completely right. I mean, we continue to raise our game in food, raise our game in beauty, raise our game in private label, et cetera and so forth. And so this is really just an evolutionary path, but we're very focused, and I think there's a lot of opportunity beyond 1.0.
