John Driscoll: Sure. I think, Lisa, thanks for the question. If you think about the cost reduction, that's only one piece of what we're doing at Village, City and Summit. It's really a three prong strategy. We are right sizing the footprint and getting our expenses in the right place. There are revenue synergy opportunities and we are seeing consistent growth in core revenues, which indicate that there's some opportunity on the margin side, which we are quickly getting after. And then the rest of U.S Healthcare, actually, we're seeing substantial growth and building profitability and CareCentrix, Shields, our Analytics Business, or U.S Healthcare business. So we're seeing substantial demand clinical trials is doing quite well. And so I think as a portfolio, we have -- we are very confident in our ability to perform in '24. If you look at those revenue numbers, we've got the revenues. Now we're going to get at some -- more effectively some of the embedded profits.
John Driscoll: Sure. Well, first of all, I think we're essentially stopped the opening of new clinics. But remember, the J curve really refers most clearly to Village. With Summit and City, we've got consistent growing revenues that balance that a bit and actually help kind of develop -- show a better profit profile. And then we've got solid growth building quarter-over-quarter which Shields, CareCentrix, our Analytics Business, our Clinical Trials business and U.S Healthcare. So I think you've got to think about it as a portfolio. The J curve specifically impacting the new clinics that we are in the early stage clinics at four village but we've got a lot of other levers to pull or really advantages in the momentum and the margin profile -- improving margin profile across the other businesses.
John Driscoll: I think on the utilization, utilization is our friend, obviously at City and at Summit, and has been more of a headwind in Village. The good news from a Village perspective is that even with that, increasing in utilization post-COVID, that we are particularly in our mature markets showing an improved margin profile on our full risk lives. And so it's the way we solve for what's a benefit of having a two-part portfolio is continuing to convert more of those fee-for-service lives to full risk lives with a better margin profile, and optimizing our cost base so that we can get the full value of that improvement in revenues.
John Driscoll: Yes, maybe let me start with the one-time costs. Look, we have significant savings here that we're going to achieve in fiscal '24. And obviously there is going to be a cost associated with it. But when I look at the cash flow impact in the year within '24, we see a positive impact net-net from a cash flow perspective of cost savings initiative net of the costs associated with it. On the labor cost, yes, look, we have seen investments in last year and a half. If you think about Q1, Q1 would be the last quarter where we would see headwinds from a labor investment perspective. Because most of these investments were in play starting second quarter last year. Apart from that I think normal business course investments and labor will continue.
A - Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, sure. So let me start with the cost savings. We're expecting at least a $1 billion of cost saving. And I think the way you need to think about this is majority of this is going to be coming from our U.S Retail Pharmacy business. And you have three or four components, let me just walk through them real quick. Ginger talked about, we're looking at all costs related to headquarters support office, and we're going line by line. So that's one. We are closing unprofitable locations, and that's going to be accretive in the year. We have optimized store hours in certain locations to match with, where the local market already is. And I think the other big component of this is, we've looked at all the project spend, and all the projects that exist across the company, and I think the focus is there twofold. More importantly, it's how do we focus the organization on customer focus initiated so that we deliver more value. But then obviously, reducing the spend on the income statement. So that's on the cost side. Look on the CapEx side, I'd say, if you look at the trend we've seen, you go back to maybe fiscal '22, I think we were at around $1.4 billion in the year. We increased to -- this is '21, sorry. So -- and then we went up $300 million. And again, last year was the peak of 2.1. And so all we're trying to achieve here is getting back to kind of the normal levels of CapEx here. Two parts that are going to contribute into this, again, is one, as John talked about, we're very focused on our health care segment, on profitable growth and so. We will see a lower level of CapEx or growth CapEx coming out from U.S Healthcare segment. And then, if you look at a couple of drivers of the CapEx on the U.S Retail Pharmacy, Micro Fulfillment Centers as well as our digital transformation, some of those things are coming to fruition. And Ginger talked about, taking the pause on Micro Fulfillment Center, so that we increase the productivity and achieve the desired results [indiscernible]. So those are some of the factors, high-level that are driving the CapEx reduction.
A - Manmohan Mahajan: Kevin, it's a fair question. I think the way to think about the 60 clinic reductions is that some of them will be closed. In some cases, we're going to transition those to affiliate relationships. But it comes down to how quickly can we unlock profitable growth. And in the Village, City, Summit, it's about concentration of power and relevance within certain markets. Every one of our clinics actually shows month over month growth, but we don't see the growth coming fast enough in certain markets. And so we're going to pivot there and be very focused on where we can drive the most profitable growth. We're growing through the right sizing of our footprint, and some of the changes in our relationships. But our strategy going forward will be really focusing on markets where we see that momentum and scale and at a level that we want to see to drive the profits and the margin expectations that we want. So it's really more of a discipline around focusing on markets where we can go deep and continue to grow in a compounded series way, profitably.
A - Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, sure. So, look, as at the end of the stand, and as you rightly pointed out, we do not generally provide guidance on the free cash flows. But we have outlined -- we do expect significant growth. And what we did here is we've carved out two significant drivers year-on-year. But having said that, and then we're looking at a third one to that as well just on the U.S Healthcare, we are expecting in fiscal '24 at the midpoint of the range to be breakeven on the EBITDA. And when you look at that year-on-year, that is significant improvement on the cash as well. So having said that, we're also looking at other offsetting items. So, we just wanted to make sure we have kind of the three. We do expect significant improvement and we’ve those three key drivers there.
A - Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, and I think on the question around deleveraging, couple of thoughts there. Number one, we're absolutely committed to our investment grade reading. And as we've said, one of the key areas of focus here in last 6 to 8 weeks for me and Ginger has been cash management. I've gone through that as to how we're going to drive the improvement there. And last I would point out is we continue to have a portfolio of investments which we look at simplification and optimizing that provides us flexibility.
