James Kehoe: Yes. So no, when we -- I made the comment about ahead of expectations. I believe we're maybe $0.20 ahead of consensus. But versus our internal forecast, we were about $0.08 ahead. And where we saw continued buoyancy was on retail. Front of store had continued, particularly in the first 2 months of the quarter, and then secondly, on testing, as Omicron was peaking. So there were the 2 items that drove our beat versus internal forecast, which I said was about $0.08. Now we've seen a fairly -- we've seen a slowdown, obviously, since then, and maybe I'll pass it over to John Standley for a couple of comments on what he's seeing currently.
James Kehoe: Yes, just quickly, Elizabeth. Basically, what we said is we – finally, we maintain guidance. We took up savings on the Boots business, and we increased the investment on health care from 4 percentage points of EPS to 5 percentage points. And one is to send a clear message that we're serious and we're making strong progress. And as we're in the second half of the year, there's a fairly big shift between first half and second half. Second half is about 7% of EPS headwinds coming from the investments in health care. Specifically, what were we doing? We've increased slightly and VillageMD has increased slightly its investments behind the opening of the co-located clinics. You'd recall in the last conference call, we raised the guidance for the full year from 160 clinics in the calendar year to 200. But now we're just aligning a bit the expenses and the phasing of those rollouts. So probably is a longer-term positive just readjusting expenses in the short term. The other thing is we're really doubling down on the organic investments to meet the requirements of Blue Shield California and Kroger. We're making strong progress against both of those. So call it a reinforcement of expenses exiting the year because we're residents here. We want to exit the year stronger than when we entered. So this is all about investing in the future growth of the company. And John, maybe I'll pass it over to you on the labor question.
James Kehoe: Yes. And just to add on to that, just to give you some perspective, I want to clarify. You'll see 2 benefits as we go forward. One is we're absolutely convinced on script up mix. We're just not providing the number on a quarterly basis, and we'll do a more comprehensive update in the future. The other one not to underestimate and this is more an impact on Village's performances. They have a lot of older practices where a pharmacist and a doctor together managing the patients, deliver lower medical costs than just a primary care physician by themselves. So the other big hiccups that has to play out in the co-located stores is the combined effort of pharmacists together with a primary care physician in managing down the cost of time care over time. And as I said, they have strong evidence on their stand-alone clinics, and that will translate over time to improved outperformance on the clinics they've collocated with us. So there's a bunch of KPIs we're watching very, very closely. But bear in mind, it takes 2 years for a clinic to get up to kind of a reasonable level of operations, so -- and achieve a breakeven. So it does take time for the statistics to come through. But we're absolutely convinced that both of these would be in great territory over the coming year or 2.
James Kehoe: Yes, we should have probably cut the mid up here. It's only due to CareCentrix. We've had some regulatory follow-up questions. And the closing we previously assumed would be actually at the end of the previous quarter. So we're just delayed in terms of closing. There's absolutely no impact on long-term projections here. I would actually say quite the opposite. Just look at the pro forma sales growth that we're seeing on the 2 businesses, VillageMD growing 145% and Shields which is actually among mature business even and VillageMD growing at 63%. So Shields is probably substantially ahead of the original plan we have in mind and Village is very much on the track. And we can't get involved in anything CareCentrix is doing right now because the acquisition hasn't closed, but our understanding is they're doing quite well as well. So we're actually really excited because this pro forma sales growth and business of 128%. That's why we're investing in exiting the year. We may be going in next year with a $4 billion-plus run rate company with a target within 3 years to be up $10 billion, approaching $10 billion. And the more we get our arms around this and the more we get into it, the more we're convinced these are very easily achievable targets.
John Standley: Well, I guess the part of the big news there really is just we did start vaccinating the fourth shot yesterday. So what was slowing down has kind of picked up a bit here in the last 24 hours as far as the vaccine goes. I think on the testing, it did slow down as we came through the holidays in January into February and now into March. But there is -- there has been still a steady business there for travel and most people still needing to test. So down quite a bit, but a nice steady stream still ongoing.
John Standley: Yes. It's a pretty important point. And we did -- I know Roz was in DC a couple of days ago, we did get a piece of legislation moving here just in the last week, that's the equitable pharmacists access though. And that's really around provider access and our ability to build under Medicare Part B for services around testing and treating influenza, strep and things like that. And I really think that's a pretty sizable addressable market today. That's honestly largely moved out of primary care physicians anyway and gone into convenient care. But it's -- I think it just -- there's a real opportunity in our business to have a really convenient solution. We provide access, obviously, close to 9,000 locations. And I think our pharmacists and our technicians are more than capable, as we've shown during the pandemic, of delivering these kinds of services. That's a pretty big game changer if we can gain access to that market and in terms of how we grow our business and in terms of the value we can provide in the communities we serve.
John Standley: Yes. I think I'd just make a couple of comments. One, I'm really excited about the investments that we're making in the Walgreens business. We're really deep into our micro fulfillment strategy and rollout. And as we've talked about previously, this is really a program we're rolling out to support our pharmacists and get work out of our store and free up team member time to really provide additional services in the pharmacy. So I'm really excited about that investment and the progress that we're making there. And we touched on with Liza earlier about some of the potential value drivers there. I think there's just a lot of upside there for us in the future. So super excited about that. And there's other investments that we're making in the business in addition to that, around pharmacy with automation in our call centers and things like that to improve the experience and take other work out of the stores and out of the pharmacy. On the labor side, as we've talked about over several quarters, have made some really significant investments here. We raised our starting wage across the company to $13 last fall and we moved up to $15 in the fall of '23. And we also made changes to our tech. Starting wages went to $15 in the fall into $16.50 this coming fall. And I think we talked about where we were with some investments.  Last quarter, we had about $120 million of investments that we've made for wage premiums and hard de-stackers with pharmacists as well as recognition bonuses that we paid to really recognize our team members for really the hard work and dedication that they've shown here through the pandemic. And I think as we look forward on where we are versus our expectations related to all of that, I think we included in our updated guidance here about a $40 million of additional expense in the back half of the year. So pretty close to what we expected.
John Standley: No, I do think it's a big opportunity and an excellent way for us to engage with our chronic patients to help them manage their disease states. So I think there's plenty of good upside here, and more of these types of tests are becoming available all the time. So we are working closely with a lot of pharma and manufacturers to turn and gain access to those capabilities as they come to market.
John Standley: Yes. I'll just pick that up. I mean, I think a couple of things. We're -- obviously, we talked some about myWalgreens and mass personalization. I think we've done a great job here. We have a lot of upside with our program here and kind of where we're going between that program and the Walgreens advertising group and the different things that we're working on there. So I think just from an omnichannel experience, some of the capabilities we've built and where we can go here over the next couple of years, I think a lot of potential and exciting upside for us. As James mentioned, we're very focused on our own brand. We think we have an opportunity to expand in additional categories in the store, but also develop in existing categories, the own brand offering. And we're making some good investments there in terms of how we go to market and how we position it within the store. We're pretty excited about the things that we're doing there. And then I think we talked a little bit about the fact that we are taking a very careful look and a lot of our merchandising and where we're going for the future inside the box from a front-end perspective. So if we look at that, there hasn't probably been a full store reset in most of these stores, maybe ever since they were built. So we have a pretty big, we think, merchandising opportunity ahead of us on the front end as well. So it'll just be a couple of things, James, I'd call out.
Rosalind Brewer: Elizabeth, thanks for the question. I'll start off with Walgreens Health, and then I'll ask members of the team to join in. But from a Walgreens Health perspective, we continue to invest. As you all know, we made the investments in VillageMD, CareCentrix and Shields. We're pleased with where we are with those investments, and we're integrating where it would make sense in our health care continuum. So that work is ongoing, and we're satisfied in that respect. We did mention when we were at our Investors Day back in October that we would continue to invest in the business, and we'll continue to do that. And I will also mention that we're seeing really good performance, particularly in our specialty pharmacy area with Shields, and so that would be ongoing. I'm going to ask James to talk with any further detail on Walgreens' Health with the investments. And then, John, if you could take it from there.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you, A.J., for that question. So first of all, it's still early days for us in terms of the number of VillageMD clinics and to see that transfer of script volume over to the stores. What's more important here is that just to remind everyone that this is a primary care physician practice. And what we're really building are key relationships, the relationship with the consumer between the primary care physician and the pharmacist. And that's where we're seeing the greatest uptick right now is in patient satisfaction and access to health care and neighborhood markets. And so we'll continue to look at this and look at script uplift. But right now, the focus is really on gaining the confidence and creating new relationships in the marketplace. The other thing I will tell you is as we see these expand across the U.S., I will tell you, after having walked several of them and watch the patient feedback, it's comforting to see just how much engagement we're getting with the patient. And also, too, it's actually great for our pharmacists because they are much more engaged with the patient and the customer because they have the information coming over directly from the primary care physician's office just inside the building. So we'll continue to update you as we see those numbers come in from script count growth, but it's still a little bit too early for that.
Rosalind Brewer: Yes. So Dave, thanks for that question. So we had committed that we would have 5 significant relationships by the end of the year. And I will tell you that we have 2 of those, 1 in Blue Shield California and then the other 1 with Kroger. There's a third one that we've just recently signed and we'll be announcing shortly here. So we feel like we're on a really good track record here in terms of how we are looking at these entities and moving them forward. The other significant piece is that we are adding health corners out in California to support the current relationships with Blue Shield of California and also with Kroger. So we've got more of the health corners coming on. And as -- just as a reminder, those health corners, they are becoming the health advisers in the community and provide something on top of when you think about the work we're doing with VillageMD. So we are encouraged and really aggressive in developing these relationships, and we have a commercial team that is working alongside to make sure that these come online, and then we do the work that we need to do to bring the health corners up to speed to support them. So we'll hit the 5 contracts that we talked about at the beginning of the year.
Rosalind Brewer: Yes. We learned a lot during the COVID testing process, and I think we talked earlier about the work we're doing with LabCorp to provide at-home COVID test. So it's giving us a real bright light into what more we can do in this space. I know that John Standley's team is developing a lot of the work around diagnostics and at-home testing through our retail business. I don't know, John, if you wanted to add anything more to that question.
Rosalind Brewer: The only other thing I would add to that, too, is that the discussion earlier around being able to test and treat in our stores, it's not only against the COVID virus, but it's also, just imagine if there's a stress threat diagnosis, our pharmacists, hopefully, will be able to test that in store, which we currently do and then treat them, send the patient home. And so while that's not in-home testing, it is creating an opportunity for the patient to take care of themselves and recover it in a home setting.
Rosalind Brewer: So thanks, everyone, for your time and your interest in WBA. I'm really glad we were able to take several questions today and cover a range of topics, including continued success we’re seeing in our core business, particularly vaccinations and testing. I think you've recognized the momentum in our International segment, our significant progress in our health care business and also to new ways that we're serving our patients and our customers even further.  So we're really pleased that you recognize that. I couldn't be more excited about where we’re heading right now. And we’re pleased that the great work of our team can be seen in our strong quarter. We'll continue to execute well across our strategic priorities and keep you up to date on those. But we're really confident in our actions and the plans that we have to exit fiscal 2022 in a position of strength much stronger than before the pandemic, which was our plan all along. Thus, we build our growth engine and really try and drive this sustainable value creation we've been talking about. We'll keep you posted. We've got work ahead of us, but we're encouraged and excited. So thank you, and talk to you again real soon.
