Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2016 earnings call. It is a pleasure to be talking to you all today, although I must say that these quarterly earnings calls always present me with my challenge. The work that we are doing within our businesses around the company is far reaching and over time we will have a confirmative impact. But quarter-to-quarter it is not always easy to find new things to say or to demonstrate the changes in our company other than by the meticulous taking of the detail numbers and that is naturally what George is here to do. My role on these calls is to put the results in the context of a bigger picture, but that bigger picture though it will look very different over the years to come, does not show great [indiscernible] of a time and frankly, we should all be glad about that as stability is generally a good thing. The changes we are making must be managed carefully and progressively if they are to have a long term and sustainable impact on the company. This quarter we have continued to make good progress in driving cost out, establishing even more efficient working practice and in factoring the company appropriately for the future. We can see the impact of this in the company's results announced today with adjusted net earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance diluted share up 11% compared to the same quarter last year to $1.31. All three divisions have we believe delivered a very creditable financial performance, but there is plenty more to do and we are still at a relatively early stage in this process. Since last quarter results, we have made good progress in developing the company with a more focused mindset and strategic direction and I will talk about this later in our presentation, but for now I will handover to George to talk us through the financial performance.
Stefano Pessina: No we, of course, of course Amerisource is a separate company and they have to manage their contract independently on us. For the generics, the situation is quite complex because it’s not obvious that if you buy more, you buy better, it depends on what you buy and where are you buy. It is an analysis which has to be done very carefully and we have also to think that if you want to really be preferred customers, we have also to abide by certain rule. One of those rules being the fact that you must have the right quantity of products because if you need more products then the manufacturer can manufacture, you have to go and have meet the manufacturers at the certain time and at that point, your bargaining powers of course is less because instead of them needing us, we need them. So the situation is complicated and of course, we analyze any opportunity on the market. We are open to discuss everything which can improve our efficiency, but we don’t have to believe that every contract or every addition at the end is really profitable.
Stefano Pessina: Yes, I think we are seeing now in the networks, I think that’s been a feature of the market family for the last couple of years. But more importantly and we’re seeing people pushing for more of a healthcare comments particularly in the Med D space we have, there is more payment available now for delivering against the SARS on generic utilization. So, I think these features of the market are continuing and we continue to recognize them and do what we can to make sure that we are part of that, not these networks and delivering good care and good quality to our customers.
Stefano Pessina: Well, this a first step of course so as you have said. We are very keen to create new partnerships and to have good relationship with as many companies and many people as possible and I don’t exclude that we could do similar things with other partners. Whether this is the first step for further integration, well it seems to me that we go too far if we say this. It is obvious that any, any kind of additional relationship, any collaborations its helping to understand better each other and to find other ways to collaborate. But this agreement is what it is, it’s a commercial agreement which makes a lot of sense, which can create value for both parties, it could be followed by other agreement. Of course we are open, but we could also have similar or different agreements without a partner.
Stefano Pessina: I wouldn’t give too much weight to this agreement, but I can also say that this agreement for sure is not an impairment problem that relates to the future.
Stefano Pessina: No, nothing has changed, except the fact that we are collaborating and as the time is passing probably the solution will be closer because at the end of the day we knew from the very beginning that this would have been a very long process that we would have been of many, many documents and information. We are going through the process, the process is developing in an absolute normal way and so we hope that sooner or later we will have an indication on where we are, but of course we cannot put a day or within a month for this indication because it depends very much on how deeply the FDC wants to analyze all of the documents that we have given, but is nothing a typical exactly on line with what we were expecting.
Stefano Pessina: We have been very clear that we can see the partnership as one above the most important value that we have and we want to put these in practice. So, we will try to create partnership with as many players as possible and of course I see the opportunity to have a great relationship with Express Scripts. I don’t see an impediment. After you have to do what is possible if there are certain relationships which could be good on the paper, but difficult to achieve because after you have to interact with other players, the manufactures, they also have company, may be certain partnerships cannot be achieved, practically achieved, but everything that can be achieved and everything that can be in the interest of the two parties has to be explored and if possible has to be done. So, for sure I see the possibility of having very, very, very good relationship with Express Scripts.
Stefano Pessina: [Indiscernible] that you have to take into account the fact that most of it is - almost all of it is in UK, in Europe, in other countries whether the currencies has played big role in and the mix of the different currencies. So it’s difficult really to judge what is happening and after you have also to appreciate that in the last year, we have divested some more businesses which are irrelevant of course, but of course represented some fees because we have tried to streamline and we are still trying to streamline our business more generally, not just our selling business eliminating all those businesses which are not profitable or which are requiring a big attention, a big absorption of energies. Now we have a big program, we have big opportunities to create value and each time to and we have started this last year to let’s say start to sell all those small businesses which are not adding much, but can reduce the overall efficiency of the company of the group. I could say that independently on the number, if you look at as we do of course they countries specifically overall most of the countries are doing quite well, even well. Surprisingly a country like Turkey and Egypt are doing very well. Romania and other countries are suffering, particularly France I would say and particularly Russia and also Germany is not particularly brilliant. So it’s a mix and a combination of these portfolios with the combination of the different currency because we don’t have just the Pound Sterling and the Euro, but we have the Turkish Lira, we have the ruble, we have many other currencies, the combination of these two things that can give strange effect. But overall, you see that the results are not bad, the margin is still there and which is important of course in interfering business.
Stefano Pessina: First of all we will decide to do with them Envision one, so we will have completed the deal. With Rite Aid we cannot anticipate what we will do on something that is not here today. Secondly, even if we decide to develop it, I don’t see any difficulty because of course, we would not be a major competitor on the market and so we could find a niche, where we could collaborate and we could have a big collaboration as pharmacy, pharmacy chain and maybe some niche or more limited collaboration on the PBM business. So it’s not, we cannot be considered a true competitor, a competitor at the point that we cannot collaborate in the most important element of the business, which is to allow the PBM to give to us a very good service to the customers.
Stefano Pessina: It is part of the strategy. You see when you have to accept that the margin or the gross margin ineluctably decline will decline over time, you have to find ways to compensate the void. So additional services like Valeant can help better, a better organization of the work not just synergies but a different structure of the work, a rethinking of the organization of the flow of the medicine, of the flow of the work, the use of the pharmacies can help. Are there an increase, better relationship with your suppliers can help of course because it contributes to the margin a better relationship with the clients, with the PBM with all the people who are at the end of the day the source for the script. And clear the way of collaborating with them can help because it can increase the number of scripts and of course the volume is very, very important, because if you can compensate at least partially the volume, by the volume the actually margin of course these can help substantially. So there are many, many different actions that you can take and we are taking. And these actions can stabilize the results, the final results as Alex was saying for years and years to come and in 10 years time or whatever we will have probably another organization of the business and we will see what will happen at that time. And for the next year we see enough ways to compensate the margin reduction. We accept that the margin reduction will be there and we are trying to find and we are finding different ways to compensate for it.
Stefano Pessina: To be honest, I don’t believe that it will be impacted directly because there in the retail business is a let's say a local business and the brand business, well even now, we don't manufacture drugs in UK so there and we will find a way to continue to manufacture at the lowest possible cost, so the brand will not be impacted. The retail business is local so it will not be impacted. It could be impacted by a change of the whole economy if we had recession or if we had difficult consequences from the Brexit this could impact more generally our business as all the other businesses. And the same is too for Europe because our business is in Europe, again our local businesses, our retail and wholesale businesses, our local businesses depend more on the consumption of the medicines of the products that are on the political and economical situation. So they could be just impacted by a general trend, but not specifically. We have totaled it and we don’t - we have decided that we don’t need an emergency plan for it. When there are big changes we try to think at least potentially of an emergency plan, but in this case we don’t see the need for it.
Alex Gourlay: Hi good morning, Alvin, it’s Alex here. Yes the cough, cold season, I mean the mix particularly in the front of store does have an impact. We have already noticed that we actually might increase the margin from the store despite that impact. On the other side, which is still the bigger impact on the operating margin in the U.S. is pharmacy reimbursement and we continue to see the pressures we've spoken about in the past on today and also going forward as George mentioned on the call, we might be seeing additional volume point of view on plan and have the expected impact on margins and reimbursement pressure as results. So I will say that there is really no change overall in the margin. We continue to work hard to improve the front end store margin with some successes and we continue to see constant reimbursement pressure which we’re dealing with as we are planning to do going forward.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Alvin, it is Al again. Yes, we’re really pleased with the performance both particularly in Phoenix which is more normal for the - in the state. I’m taking the best model we saw in Phoenix and we're now rolling that out as George said to 1600 more stores this autumn. I’m very confident about the return we will get from that. It’s certainly impacting the beauty basket in a positive way and in particular No7 continues to be the brand on skin in particular which is driving more frequency and driving a bigger basket. So we [indiscernible] the execution plan is on track and the team are really excited about this. And if I don’t think it’s not just about the products, it’s also important about the customer care model and slight and important enhancement, overall look and feel in a standard drug store. So it’s not just about the products, it’s about the overall experience the customer would start to get in beauty and it lays a really good foundation for the future where we have potentially more opportunity and more brands and more opportunity over time to satisfy more customers in the front end in beauty.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks Eric. Yes I think it is finally the results, we have been pretty clear that we want to try more volume into pharmacies and we have been encourage by what we have been in that D and again this season has gone well and therefore you should expect us to continue to drive our strategy in Optum. [Indiscernible] is an example of that where we have an opportunity to work with the team Optum and to really take care of customers 24/7 and provide more services where they want to get a mail order or where they want to pick up in their local pharmacy. I’m pleased with that partnership to of course that starts and join in 2017. In terms of our overall strategy to drive more volume into our pharmacies we know that we have to continue to build good relationships and strong relationships with every single payer including PBMs and health systems and insurance companies. And that we intend to do, has been a real focus of a Brad and Richard and their teams and we are happy with the progress they are making. The one thing I would say is that, as we always say – we said this in the start is that we know that reimbursement pressure will continue and therefore we think this is going to be an effective strategy and we believe this will be true at tomorrow as it has been for us in the last 12 months. And of course finally we don’t make any comment about the major contracts. As you know, that's not something we talk about in the open until we have completed.
Alex Gourlay: Ricky, it is Alex, I just want to add one thing, our biggest Med D partnership remains with United that they are very important player in our space and we’ve been with them for some time and Walgreens and continue to work closely with them.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, hi, hi, Robert it is Alex here, yes there was a shift towards more of the inflationary and in part particularly in generic switches that always the bulk of our volume, our value so again that is true, but again it’s a – obviously it’s a trend that’s being – we were more or less flat last quarter and this quarter we're going straight with the inflationary. And I think the other thing that’s this what [indiscernible] bring really in terms of sales is importance of the specialty business within that as well and again we are driving that pretty well overall, but again as that was an impact in terms of sales year-on-year again in terms of some less inflation in specialty which is a quite a big value number overall. So, I think that was, the two key things. We're pretty pleased with volume. You know the volume was, I think as George says it was up 3.9%. We gained some market share according to IMS and that’s pretty much on the trend that's been going out for some time now and we continued to drive that quite hard. So, that's where we are so a slight deflation in generics, slight slowdown in specialty. I’m pleased with volume.
Alex Gourlay: Yes it’s Alex here. Again, I think it’s really insightful question for sure. For sure there is more interest from manufacturers in mixed model or central specialty on distribution to retail pharmacy and that’s because the patients and customers do like having care closer to where they live, when they are on certain medications so the carers do as well. We’ve seen that trend and I will say going for a while. There has been more interest and more contacts particularly since we started to speak about new model and relationship with Valeant, but at this stage we are really working out through in terms of what does that mean for what we do today. So we know we got some great assets and communities beyond the [indiscernible] in terms of excellence that we have within our normal drug stores, we have community pharmacies well over 100 now close to where some of these specialist doctors look after patients and we have again plans for well over couple of hundred in hospital pharmacies as well again doing with outpatient specialty. So we think we got a fantastic network to be honest to deal with this trend as it comes through, but we’re still working, so the interest is high. We’re building our assets and we’re working on other partnerships we need with both manufacturers and others to try and take advantage of this trend.
Alex Gourlay: Yes and again the first thing I would say is, it is Alex here, [indiscernible] accent, it is Alex here, the impact happened definitely in each quarter. To be honest I wouldn’t look at any quarter in isolation, as George I think has said, we’ve only had two of the three months this quarter actually have the Med D impact. So, I think is able to look for one quarter in isolation and what I would also say is that we are constantly working hard at procurement not just because deflation, as Stefano said because of the good capability we harbored in Europe. And therefore we are working hard to try to deliver more synergies. The cost space also that they would working on its balance – but all of that is a balanced out by the ongoing reimbursement pressure beyond simply the Med D contracts. There are commerce reimbursement pressures and when the impact is we'll let you know, but they are definitely there and also we are working them hard as well. So, I was say on balance the opening margin in this quarter were slightly more positive because of the impacts of when some things hit the overall trend is really the same trend that is seen and may be seeing for some time’s and with management trend.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, yes, I still think there is a lot to go, it will just take us a number of years to get there. So the focus has been on operating margins. So we’re really focusing on removing unprofitable activity, unprofitable items and try to simplify the offer and focusing on the key destination countries for us which really is primarily help beauty and convenience and we feel good the way we are, but those are, long opportunity ahead of us and our opportunity is to get customers to reevaluate the offer inside of Walgreens and to see it is more unique and more differentiated. And we started that journey really with a few differentiation projects, we spoke about earlier in the call, earlier on this [indiscernible]. So I think the opportunity is still a lot to come, particularly on the expansion of differentiation and higher margin products. It will just take us longer to get that done as customers one by one reevaluate what they’re seeing inside of Walgreens. I think finally I will say is that we've had a one size fits all approach to Walgreens frontend for quite some time and as we have all been thinking on omni channel in four months, again we believe there will be more opportunity there in two years, but the first thing I think people should reevaluate their current Walgreens which is almost right now and then we will figure out how do we use this space differently in over the medium to long-term.
Alex Gourlay: No, I think that, again this is Alex here, I think we've said this already, but it is an important point. We see the volume mix are very important for both our partners and peers, customers and also for ourselves. So we will work within the market, which means that we believe will be ongoing reimbursement pressure and then we work hard within that to drive our volumes through offering better volume, better care to customers. That really is our strategy. I know it sounds very simplistic, what we are trying to do. If we do these things we think we can stabilize the operating margin over time and we can grow the business. That is what we are doing right now and we believe that is the future going forward. So that's how we see it. But we accept and as I said is I think Stefano said this obviously Eastern Europe, reimbursement pressure is a constant factor and we believe this it will be a constant factor here in America going forward and our strategy is as I described it.
George Fairweather: Yes it does include ABC, we’ve obviously, this is no change to where we’ve always internally looked at this because obviously the economics of the warrants were such that it was the right thing to do to exercise the warrants, the first set of warrants at the earliest opportunity, which is what we’ve done.
George Fairweather: We obviously, don’t comment on individual terms of contracts with any of our peers is just Alex had said earlier, so really I can’t, I’m afraid I can’t really answer that question.
George Fairweather: Rob we continue to obviously closely watch those all those developments, at this stage it’s too early to comment. We continue to look to ways to optimize our arrangements in terms of funding, but at this point really I’m not envisaging any change from what you’re seeing in our current numbers, but we will keep you posted.
George Fairweather: Hi a load of detail questions there Eric and so I can’t answer anything as part of the contract. What I can say is our objective is to get more prescriptions into our pharmacies not lowers our overall operating margin by making better use of our fixed assets. That's a really important component in this particular program. It also allows us to take better care of Optum members when in the pharmacy particularly making sure they are taking their medication properly and making sure that as they are as in chronic conditions that they get direct to back into a probably health system a bit more fast as well as saving costs elsewhere. That’s really into this program. We are comfortable with the deal that we’re – is a fair deal both ways and we had a great conversation that went through with the team from Optum and we are in good shape. Obviously the certain assumption is gone in from both sides and we will wait and see what happens over the length of the contract. Remember this does not really start until January 17, so it will be some time before any impact of this new contract is seen in our P&L.
George Fairweather: Again David, I can’t be specific, but what we can say is, we’ve been working hard to put that in so, the majority do have some price protection yes.
George Fairweather: It was a combination and that was part of it. I think also as we said before, we still got another month of the real impact of Med D to come. We’re not fully protected on deflation. We are mainly protected not fully protected and finally we are making good progress on the front end, you saw that front end margin improved in the quarter as well despite a slight change in mix.
