Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. While external factors, including reimbursement pressure and a weaker cough, cold and flu season impacted us in the quarter, we clearly need to improve our execution and speed of delivery. We have not moved quickly enough to address the changes in the market and as a result did not deliver the growth required to help mitigate the continued reimbursement pressure. With that context, let me share some of the actions we are focused on. Our overall transformation priorities are unchanged, but we are seeking to reinforce and accelerate our actions. As Stefano mentioned, we are accelerating the digitalization of our company, transforming and restructuring our retail offering, creating neighborhood health destinations based on more modern pharmacy and rolling out a transformational cost management program. On cost management, we are continuing to make major strides and see more opportunities, which James will cover in more detail later. Overall, we have recognized the importance of accelerating the transformation of our business more significantly to the customer. So, let’s look for a moment at some of the specific actions we are taking. Firstly, it’s crystal clear that it all works only if we have the right talent, capabilities and operational focus. To that end, we have recently executed a comprehensive reorganization of my senior leadership team. We have announced a new leadership structure, which clearly delineates between development and delivery. This is allowing my senior executives to focus on driving operational excellence and delivering results in their specific area. We have also made changes to how we manage our strategic partnerships, increasing the focus on accountability for developing our healthcare and retail services, ensuring financial discipline, pace, accountability and maximization of new profit streams. As Stefano mentioned, we have brought in a number of new senior executives to Walgreens Boots Alliance with specific skills and expertise and they will work closely with my team to drive performance improvements. We are on track on digitalization. The Microsoft teams are on-boarded. They are physically present in our offices and we have moved quickly to consolidate our internal digital teams to create a single team under an experienced Chief Digital Officer. We have put in place new action plans for both pharmacy and retail. In pharmacy, we have created a dedicated accountable team to drive volume through our partnerships with payers in the marketplace. This will allow the rest of the team to focus on operational effectiveness in our core pharmacy business delivering our vision of a modern pharmacy, driving efficiency and maximizing opportunities through outcomes based reimbursement. These new approaches will help us counteract reimbursement pressure. In retail, we have recognized the need to concentrate our efforts where we know we can win. Right now, our execution is lacking where it needs to be. We will continue to accept revenue declines in low margin countries where we do not see a winning future path. We have invested some margin this quarter in countries we know drive footfall and we are already starting to see the benefit of this investment in improved revenue and gross profits. We will concentrate our efforts, shifting resources, people and dollars to our flagship brands, including Walgreens Healthcare brands and No7 and our priority categories. A great example is Health & Wellness. It’s a significant category with very attractive margins. We will step up the level of innovation and marketing support. We continue to be pleased with the progress we are making on our partnerships. In particular, we are working closely with the Kroger executive team to determine how best to unlock future growth and synergies. And the work we are doing on digitalization of our business will deliver an enhanced customer experience and the tools and analytics to drive customer loyalty. This builds on our existing highly successful customer-facing platforms, including our 5-star rated 55 million downloaded app and our 85 million active Balance Rewards members. We have previously highlighted the very high customer retention rates we have delivered on the Rite Aid store optimization. These very favorable retention rates, which allow us to focus volume locally on fewer stores without reducing our geographic coverage delivered greatly improved returns and have led to our decision to boost our store optimization program from 600 stores to approximately 750 stores. Parallel to this, we are undertaking a comprehensive review of Walgreens store networks to address specific underperforming stores. And as you know, we are testing a small store format and pending positive results we anticipate building out this format over the coming years. More information will follow in the coming months. I will hand you back to James now to update you on Retail Pharmacy International.
Alex Gourlay: Thank you, James. We are taking a balanced approach with our actions focused on both boosting revenue growth and creating a lean operating model. Firstly, we have taken decisive action to reduce our UK cost base. In February, we announced our intention to reduce our Nottingham head office personnel costs by around 20% to create a smaller and more agile support team. Our smart spending, smart organization is advancing well and a store portfolio review is underway focusing on low performing stores and opportunities for consolidation. In addition, we are looking closely at our pharmacy business to further improve efficiency and effectiveness. We continue also to strengthen the Boots leadership team with the appointment of a new Chief Operating Officer. And as mentioned on last quarter’s earnings call, we have multiple initiatives underway to improve our revenue performance. We are refitting 24 beauty halls across the UK between now and the end of May, introducing Boots Beauty Specialists, with an in-depth knowledge spanning all categories and brands and we are significantly expanding our beauty offering by introducing more than 20 new on-trend brands nationwide over the next 6 months. Finally, a brief update on our international investments in China, since the quarter end, in collaboration with our partner GuoDa, we opened our first pilot pharmacy in Shanghai, combining traditional Chinese medicine and skincare with well-known international brands. Back to James.
Alex Gourlay: Hi. Good morning, John. It’s Alex here. Yes. We’ve really reorganized the top organization to separate, develop and deliver, and in the delivery stage, we’ve got really three key roles now. One is driving the very important core business of Pharmacy and front-end sales, there’s no changes there, apart from driving that more directly. And secondly, to look at future profit streams in areas like healthcare services, the healthcare hub project and also, the front-end in terms of really finding new models to drive the front end of our partnerships with Kroger, Birchbox and Sprint. These are really focus areas. In terms of protecting the customer, we continue to move our money and our focus from the old model to the new model. That’s been the trend for the last three, four, 5 years and that we continue to do. So along with the savings, there will be reinvestment into these new areas of growth and then, James will cover the reinvestment in a second to just to finish off the question. So, we are very, very focused on the customer. We are very focused on end-to-end improvement of our operational execution, and that’s why we’ve reorganized along with the opening up the opportunity to invest more in the future models. In terms of investment, James, maybe you can pick up the cost and investment point.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Ricky. It’s Alex here. I thing there is two separate things you have asked. So, I will give you where we are as we look forward with the reimbursement pressure. I think, as James said in his prepared remarks, this is a very heavy quarter for reimbursement pressure, and we expect that to be not the normal going forward. And I think he also said that the FEP, for example, in specialty, which is 110 basis points of the reduction, clearly and [indiscernible] that as well. So, there is timing and then there is FEP and then there is the underlying reimbursement pressure. So, I think that third number is the one that is a real underlying trend going forward. Again, there’s always contracts that start and end on Jan 1, particularly Med D. And again, we didn’t see a really much difference to the trends as you spoke about before in Med D, they are really as we saw before. Going to second question on the safe harbor and the changes in the government, it’s really early on. We truly believe in transparency and we really believe in reducing out-of-pocket costs for drugs for patients across America. We support that really from day one, and therefore, we are working hard with other partners in the marketplace to understand how we can bring that forward with the government. And clearly, we don’t know yet what that really means for any players in the marketplace. But we are working hard to innovate and to work with other partners and we’ll give you an update as soon as we understand better the rules as we emerge in the government.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Bob. It’s Alex here. I think there is a combination of the headwinds that hit us in Q3 and hit is sorry, Q2, apologies, through the quarter. And I think James covered them off and they were as such, there was definitely, generic deflation was reducing, that is an impact that happened through the quarter, branded inflation was reducing that happened during the quarter. And of course, the volume to be honest with you as well was less than we had expected. Particularly, we had a pretty big a very big flu and cough and cold season last year, and it was early and this year it’s been more normal and a little bit later. So, these are all factors that hit us coming into that period. And I think also, at the end of the year we true up with our PBM partners the contracts for the year. And we don’t really see the effect of that true up really until the middle of February, and that was another factor that happened as well. So, it was a combination of headwinds that gave us this unusually high the highest quarter with, as James said, this fiscal year that created this reimbursement pressure. I think in terms of our attitude toward our partners in the supply chain, including the PBMs, we have a partnership approach. We are working with our partners to deliver better service, better products, including, for example, improving the ability for us to reduce costs elsewhere in the healthcare system. I’ll give you one example of that. There’s more money than ever before coming on the table for service-based payments, particularly in the Medicare D area and we again are working with partners toward the government to create a more common framework of KPIs that pharmacists can aim for in terms of getting repayments for example in Med D and DIRs. I mean it worked out very well in my view with Optum and United Health, and a very successful Medicare Advantage book of business, where again we got more payments than ever for performance-based pharmacy. So, I think there is a recognition by our partners. The pharmacy is under pressure. I think there is a recognition by our partners, we want better joined op care within the healthcare system and then encouraging us through allowing incentives to invest more, as James has said, in these models and that’s what we intend to do.
Alex Gourlay: It’s Alex again. Yes, I mean, our AllianceRx partnership has been a good one. You’ve seen the volume we’ve created, and additional sales we’ve created and we are happy with the operational standards and customer standards. But again, the margin is under pressure. There’s no doubt that the economics of the specialty business is under pressure as the government is asking questions about how do we get these very important drugs to patients and consumers at lower costs. And we continue to work again with our partners, particularly Prime in this case and the Blues who own Prime, to really improve that model, both for the owners of the of Prime and ourselves, but also really important to more quickly provide a more local service for specialty. And particularly we’re opening up more local community specialty pharmacies. We believe more and more that the mix model of center-fill and community pharmacy and based where the local spec doctors are is a right winning model than just a pure center-fill model, and we’re encouraged by the success of these community pharmacies and by the adoption particularly by our partners at Prime.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. Alex here. I mean I think the one that we should speak to the most this morning is definitely Microsoft, the digitalization of our Company. That’s a really significant contract from our point of view, but also from Microsoft point of view. And it’s also one that lasts over a number of years as we not just digitalize Walgreens, but we digitalize our partnership infrastructure both in the retail product side, and also importantly create new opportunities of partnerships in healthcare. So that by some way is the most important piece of what we’re doing as we are investing the most our money going forward to really create better tools for engagement for customers across both front-end and in pharmacy and better ways for our business partners to engage with our healthcare platform. We are also very pleased with our partnership with Verily. We are really working pretty hard to bring real innovation quickly to the marketplace. They’ve developed a number of market ready tools, for example, On Duo diabetes platform, which we are already active in our own population of healthcare beneficiaries here in Walgreens in the USA. And the adoption of that too is very satisfactory so far, and we believe that’s another example of bringing new tools to market very quickly with new partnerships. On the retail side, I think we mentioned in our pre-prepared remarks that we’re very pleased with the rapid progress from a cost point of view and engagement in the Kroger trials in Northern Kentucky and Cincinnati. We’re really very pleased with that and we expect to be able to move that test and trial further forward going forward and of course that is more focused on creating two things, first of all, convenience in retail between a fantastic grocer and food brand in Kroger and obviously our pharmacy and healthcare and beauty brands here in Walgreens. And secondly, working to share data appropriately, so we can personalize the offer for many Americans who rely on these categories every single week and every single day, it’s the more-sticky categories because they are the ones most frequently used. Beyond that, Birchbox is in early stages, but going well. And Sprint, again, we announced the extension to 80 stores of Sprint. And last, but not least on the healthcare services side, LabCorp, where we continue to advance our LabCorp partnership with the ambition or the intention, should I say, to drive to 600 locations within the next three and half years.
Alex Gourlay: It’s Alex here. Again, I don’t see it as pricing power, I see it as we join up with partnerships, we want to drive efficiency across the whole supply chain. So, working with partners like AmerisourceBergen, working with partners like UnitedHealth, we’re joining up processes whether it be marketing processes or whether it be supply chain processes to drive out cost between us, therefore driving better economics for the marketplace, and, of course, better economics for our partners as well. So that’s how we see it. We take – we think our – one of our most compelling strategies is partnership, the philosophy of creating value for each other over the long-term in ways that really brings efficiency and better quality of care to the marketplace. And we believe in this phase of change in the American healthcare system, for us, we think that’s a very compelling part of our strategy.
Alex Gourlay: No, it is definitely greater particularly relative to rest of our cost base. So, we have absolutely protected and driven more of our dollars into accelerating these partnerships. LabCorp is a good example. We started that off really in the Gainesville area as part of our Gainesville trial and rapidly we agreed to extend to 600 stores nationwide within 4 years. And we’re having great conversations with the LabCorp team about what more we can do. Secondly, I would say that the partnership with Microsoft I mentioned already is a clear acceleration of the digitalization of our company along with recruiting internally a lot of – particularly a Chief Digital Officer. And there’s more people coming in to really – really to drive the modernization of our platform and processes to become a new retail and healthcare company. That’s a very important acceleration in investment. And thirdly, I would say that we are encouraged by Kroger. Again, I go back to the importance of food, the importance of footfall in our stores and we recognize that we have a very low market share in food and we recognize that Kroger is a food expert and a national food expert here in the U.S. And we’re encouraged with the money we’ve spend in the early tests and trials and we believe there is more to test and trial for sure before we can be certain of this, but we see a reason to move forward faster with Kroger.
Alex Gourlay: I mean, yes, absolutely. I mean, clearly driving more patients and customers into our corner store is really important to us and we can absolutely measure that as part of the business case as James mentioned. And that’s why I mentioned primarily Kroger. For sure, Humana is a good partnership. We’re in two partners in primary care. It’s a senior model. It’s been well put together to create a complete offer for the senior, including the pharmacists been part of the morning huddle, for example, with the primary care doctors and the nurse practitioners, and the signs are encouraging. The signs are encouraging as the Humana team said and we’re still in the very early stages, a bit like Birchbox of this trial, but Humana is a very important test and trial for us as we focus more on the senior and more on primary care.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, it’s really early days to be honest, and, of course, we need to see the return on that money clearly. But for sure, we know the model and the clinics for us did not give us the returns that we expected. And we’ve been working to improve the profitability and to be honest, the customer and patient care in these clinics by working closely with healthcare systems across the USA. So, we’ve already altered that model quite a long way and we are happy with that model. So, we think that the full-line primary care, particularly focused on seniors is a really interesting model and we see that more of our future than the episodic clinics, the retail clinics that we had before.
Alex Gourlay: Surely, yes. So, I think, Mike, it was simply due to the fact that we lost a major book of business, the Aetna book of business went from preferred to non-preferred 12 months ago. So 1/1/19, we anniversaried that loss of book of business and we’ve been satisfied with the growth of our Med D business from that date. So, we anniversaried that out and I would say, we are growing very nicely with United. We became preferred with Cigna, and therefore, we are happy that we are now back to good solid market base, market growth with Med D and seniors, because seniors are usually on more medication and usually more generic medication, we are seeing generic utilization start to rise and that’s what we have planned going forward as James said in his answer to another question. So, I think that’s the reason for it. And again I think we’re satisfied that we are now back to our normal growth, market growth in Med D.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. So, hi, it is Alex here. And I think as I said before, we are investing in community pharmacies in particular. These are ones which are very close to the specialist doctors and often also very close to hospitals where specialist doctors operate. And that’s going really well for us. And we’re also investing in our relationships with AllianceRx. And, of course, we’ve set a buying group effectively with Express Scripts. So, we’re very active in this space. We know it’s 50% in the market going forward. We know this is where the innovation is coming from our pharmaceutical partners. And we continue to work with them on potential new models of how you can actually take the drugs and more precisely and more directly to these patients, who require these not only very, very important drugs, but it’s more personalized drugs. So, we are working on all fronts. It’s a really important thing for us and we are investing what we think in the future of this model. And I go back to again, we think the central fill here is important, but it’s not the only way that you can bring these products and these very important drugs to the marketplace.
Alex Gourlay: Obviously, our relationship with LabCorp is really strong. And also we’ve built in Walgreens Boots Alliance, in our development function, what we call, Fine Care, which really is a platform for being able to attract, engage customers in their own healthcare, both episodic and long-term chronic conditions and we have launched a number of different solutions there. So, we think that the platform of the pharmacies with LabCorp along with the digital platforms we are building will give manufacturers a lot of new opportunity to engage with us in different ways. And one of the ways they can engage with us is speeding up their really important innovations to the marketplace. The wholesale business under Ornella’s leadership has fantastic relationships globally with the biggest manufacturers across the world. And you can be assured that we are in conversations to try and join up, how do we bring the right patients, every stage of the development of these drugs to our partners in the marketplace, so we can speed up delivery of new innovations and reduce costs in healthcare.
Alex Gourlay: And this is Alex here. Yes, specifically looking at how do we get a transparency in the point-of-care, both the doctor’s office and also the pharmacy and to have that more open network. And our work – as you remember, early on, we did some work with what’s formely called Valeant, now with Bausch on creating a new model, a direct to pharmacy model for a cash payment. So again, we’ve been working this opportunity for 3 years now I think it is and we remain convinced that these models will be very important to the future as more demands are placed on price visibility and more patients are paying more and more out of pocket for the drugs.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Ross, this is Alex here. Yes, we really believe in our strategy is based on our stores, but our stores have had a one size fits all mindset since the Walgreens strategy was created in the U.S. in particular. So, we’re reformatting and reshaping our stores against the priorities that we spoke about earlier on. And secondly, we have a strategy in retail to become even stronger in pharmacy to really strengthen our healthcare products and services and solutions and also continue to drive our beauty differentiation in the marketplace or partnering with others to take care of other categories. And lastly, but not least, we have 80 million, 85 million loyalty cardholders and we believe that data analytics are really important to understand how you personalize the offer with our pharmacy led health and beauty specialist and how you work with others to create real personalization and marketing. So that’s our strategy. We think our stores are our strength. We have to reorganize them and reshape them over the next 5 to 10 years and we are on the journey to do that.
James Kehoe: Thank you, Alex. As usual, I will report on the division’s results in constant currency. Sales declined 1.2%, mainly due to a 1.3% decline in Boots UK in a challenging market. Adjusted operating income was down 2.1%, reflecting a 3.1% decline in Boots UK. While the quarter was helped by the positive impact of phasing in the UK, the trend has improved versus the first quarter and the UK teams are taking actions to further improve performance. UK comp pharmacy sales declined 1.5%, mainly due to lower hospital revenues and revenue per item. Boots UK comp retail sales declined 2.3%. The UK retail market remains challenging, but encouragingly we held market share in the quarter. Alex will now talk you through our Boots UK action plans.
James Kehoe: Yes. So, as you look forward, and we’re quite clear on where we’re targeting in excess of $1.5 billion of savings, bear in mind, you have inflation that offsets some of that, but the key one here is, are we investing for the future. And the way we’ve defined the program in general is, we want to save to invest to grow. And the way we measure success in the program is, we want to take the cost down and be the leanest operator in the industry. That’s number one. But secondly, as we exit and execute against the program, we want to see top line benefits coming from this. So, there is one number I’m going to give you and I think it will concentrate your attention on both the achievability of the targets and our determination to drive a successful business longer term. We will invest approximately $1 billion over the next three years in a combination of operating expense on capital. Approximately, 80% is operating expense. So, think about it for a minute, in one year, we will be putting in $300 million to boost the partnerships and to boost our capabilities on digitalization of the Company. So, we’re not going to serve the business for the sake of hitting our [cost pool] [ph], that’s point number one. Point number two is, more important is, each digital investment and each partnership has to stand on its own merits. We expect an attractive return and we expect long-term significant pools of income. And if you like, the plan is on one side conservative because we’ve put in the money to drive the partnerships and digitalization, and we haven’t fully built in the benefits of the partnerships flowing through. So, if you like, the plan represents an option on the partnerships.
James Kehoe: Yes. And maybe, Ricky, if I could add a couple of just facts to that, so what Alex says is correct. If you like, if you’re thinking about your modeling Q3 at approximately 37% of the entire year’s reimbursement impact Q2, sorry, have the entire 37% versus a 25% expected run rate, so it was exceptionally high. And I think as you look forward to the second half, the reimbursement pressure will subside because there is this skew to the first half. The impact of the FEP contract is material as well, because year-to-date, it’s around 140 basis points or 150 basis points. The specialty business will still grow very quickly, but the negative impact will tail off down to 30 basis points. So, there will be quite a material change in the trajectory of the gross margin change year-on-year. And then secondly, as you look into next year, we believe we’ve planned our reimbursement levels roughly similar to what we’ve seen over the past couple of years. And I think individual quarters will always be extremely volatile and rocky, but over a longer term, while reimbursement is a bit over the trend rate this year, we have planned similar levels going forward. But as I said, we won’t be we won’t have this FEP contract next year. And one big thing that did hit us this year and is still hitting us and it’s one of the reasons for the guidance is, we do have a lower level of generic utilization than we projected at the start of the year and that can have quite a material impact on both the revenue and on the cost line. So, it does if your generic utilization goes down, it does negatively impact your profitability. That will be one potential tailwind that we will have, I would say, 6 months from now or 12 months from now. Because of contract changes in Med D, we would expect our generic utilization rates to increase, thus giving us some comfort around the gross margin outlook. I hope that’s given you enough perspective.
James Kehoe: Yes. And just to clarify of the $300 million, approximately 60% is on partnerships, the other 40% is on digital initiatives and the digitalization of the company. So, I think about 40% will actually improve execution in pharmacy, in retail, back-office, everywhere, which is the digital investment, and the 60% is specifically on the partnerships. And I think what distinguishes this versus the plans we would have put together 12 months ago would be that the plans are fully funded. So, we’ve actually – we’re funding ahead of the revenue in the plan, because the targets we give, we want to be absolutely sure that we can deliver upon the long-term growth model and we won’t do that if we under-fund the future drivers of the business. So, it is quite different than the plan we would have done a year ago. It’s just much more, I don’t want to use the word, generous, but it’s well-funded in terms of what we need to get done.
James Kehoe: Well, we can start buying back shares in the next couple of days. And we – as we said, we currently project to repurchase $3.8 billion this year. And just as the planning stands for the next 3 years, we didn’t want our guidance to be over-reliant on share repurchases, so we’ve built in $1.7 billion each year. So, as you look to the next 3 years, about 2.5 percentage points of growth comes from buybacks with some offset coming from the tax rate that’s turning negative. So, as we look to mid-single-digit, if you call that kind of like a 6% to 8%, we see the core business growing at 3.5% to 5.5% excluding the use of cash for capital allocation. So, the remainder of this year is just to get back – be in the market on a particularly constant basis and hope that covers your question.
James Kehoe: Yes. On cash flow, yes, we had a pretty rocky quarter and we’ve got a – not surprises, but we have a couple of headwinds that we will face this year. So, if you step back from this and look back over the last couple of years, this is a business that can deliver pretty comfortably somewhere in the region of $5 billion, $5.5 billion to $6 billion of cash flow depending on the year. Now as you compare 1 year to another, you always have – you’re always lapping something or some – of some sorts. This year, we have about $2.3 billion of headwinds. So, I think as you think through a normal level of cash flow, which is somewhere north of $5 billion, we have to manage through cash taxes this year, which are $900 million higher than in the previous year. We’re cycling through legal payouts of $300 million and then we have large movements as a result of Rite Aid, almost $1 billion. So, the cash flow this year will be well below the trend rate. But we have developed a trigger or a plan in some support of our guidance and we’re quite comfortable on the long-term cash flow generating power of the company. And actually quite –I would even go so far with saying as, I think when you look at some of our payment terms with suppliers and some of the way we manage inventory, we probably have large doses of opportunity. And then the final comment on cash flow, as you look at this year, our cash capital expenditures are exceptionally high. They are about $300 million or $400 million higher than the run rate and that’s essentially the conversion of the Rite Aid stores. So, it’s quite a huge exercise because we took on 1,900 stores. As you saw from Alex, we are raising the store closures to 750, but that still leaves the conversion of 1,200 stores. And by the way, the Rite Aid acquisition has gone extremely well. The return on investment is exactly where we wanted it to be. We’re getting there in a different way and actually we’re very encouraged by the retention we’re getting as we optimize the stores. So, cash flow this year will be somewhat problematic, but we’re quite confident on the future outlook.
James Kehoe: Yes. I think we will definitely plan to be at a normalized level in 2020. We have enough initiatives lined up against the cash flow targets. We have strong capital efficiency programs ongoing, so we’re quite comfortable on the – on that kind of – getting back to that level quite quickly.
James Kehoe: I will take a shot and maybe pass it over to Alex. We think, yes, we need incremental investments, that’s why we mentioned this $300 million a year, 40% would go on digital. We have two large programs going on in the U.S. right now, one is retail finance transformation, which effectively is the front of store plus all the back office, and the program is going well and would be complete in 20 – end 2020. And then what we call our RxRenewal, which is a renewal of all of the pharmacy systems and that’s a longer program, that’s much more integrated with the digital journey we’re on and that will take a number of years. These are fully funded in any guidance we’ve given and they are quite transformational in terms of the way the company will operate. And we will obviously leverage them to reduce cost to fill across the company, back office, but equally so to engage more deeply with the consumer, the front-of-store and with patients as they come in for the pharmacies. So, it’s a – it’s like a win-win across the entire company.
James Kehoe: Yes. So maybe let me cover first the back half and then I’ll move on to the 3-year. As you look through the back half, we did say that the peak and the issue on gross margins in the pharmacies in Q2, we do expect some continuation into Q3 and then an improvement in Q4. So, as you plot out your quarters, I would assume a fairly even split in the EPS between the 2 quarters, maybe 49, 51. So Q3 will be worse and Q4 will be improving. We actually – we set ourselves a different goal when we pulled together and it’s not really guidance, it’s a growth model. And we set back and we went through very, very detailed reviews with each of the business leaders and here is the goal we set ourselves. We wanted a set of realistic goal, mid-to-high single-digit. We spent a lot of time on the levers to offset reimbursement particularly on the assumptions around generic deflation and the ability of our generic purchasing organization to deliver significant offsets. And we’re comfortable that the generic team can offset approximately 50% to 60% of the reimbursement impact. Then we went through each single volume assumption, particularly pharmacy, but also in the retail business. And really don’t want it to be lost on the audience the changes we’re making in retail. And one is, this business went from a loss-making business 3 years ago to quite a profitable retail business now. So, we are from a starting point to a position of strength, but with a weak top-line delivery. And the big change will be, we will distort and refocus our resources on Health & Wellness and Beauty, and that’s where we can win and we know we can win and are very attractive businesses. And then we will build partnerships with companies like Kroger to address the other parts of retail and we’re very convinced that we have line-of-sight to improving top-line. The second part is, we said, can we let’s put in what we can control and you can control your cost journey and we’ve built in $1.5 billion. We’ve put a strong governance around it and we will be resolute in delivering and I emphasize, at least $1.5 billion of cost reduction. So, that has a high degree of probability. And then the final thing which we said at the beginning was, it’s not – you can’t cut yourself the glory. So, we built in the investments required to drive the top-line. So, we have the right investments, $300 million a year, which – it adds up to $1 billion of investments behind partnerships and digital. So, we’re investing to make sure especially that the U.S. business has the ammunition required to create that omni-channel experience in both pharmacy and in retail, so that we do get the volume delivery that creates the virtuous cycle. And that’s the reason why we are actually quite confident that the growth model for the 3 years is founded in a lot of fact and actually it’s quite a detailed plan we’ve developed internally. And the question we’ve got earlier, does it translate the cash, and the answer is yes. We see a line-of-sight and consistently deliver in that $5 billion type range that we’ve done in the past. We see no reason why the business can’t do something similar into the future. And I say what Stefano said in the past, we’re very disappointed with the quarter and the requirement to take down guidance and that’s made us resolute that we’ve put in place very tangible plans to make sure we don’t have to do that again and that’s the commitment from the management team.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, James. As I said at the start, this has been a disappointing quarter. And I am equally disappointed that we had to reduce our full year guidance. However, we need to acknowledge the short-term headwinds we are facing. And while we are not that the only Company that has been impacted by the marked change in the environment, that’s not an excuse. What is important now is that we respond quickly to ensure we return to growth as soon as possible. This quarter has focused the minds of the entire team on the need to allocate resources to where they will have the greatest impact, both today and in the future. Importantly, I am convinced that our existing strategic priorities are the right ones, and our multi-year transformation program will allow us to deliver sustainable profitable growth. However, we have and will continue to reinforce and accelerate our actions to respond appropriately to the tougher environment we find ourselves in. Of course, in addition, from time to time, we have the opportunity for specific initiative to rebase our costs, often prompt by new technologies, practices or structure. You have heard many examples from Alex and James, and we have significantly increased the goal for our transformation cost management program. We remain a global business, delivering billions of dollars in earnings and billions of dollars in cash flow, and generating real value for our shareholders, while being a huge force for good in the communities we serve, and society as a whole. Day in and day out, we continue directly or indirectly to be a core and vital part of the lives of a significant percentage of the world’s population through presence and reach into the very heart of communities across the world. We are not complacent. We must continue to evolve and innovate to thrive and as a management teams, we are more focused than ever on delivering operational and financial growth and value for owners. I can assure you there is innovation throughout our business, internally and outward facing, within our own teams, and in a wide range of partnerships. There are innovations in how we work, in our products and services, in how we interact with and serve our customers, both retail and commercial. So, despite the disappointment of the quarter under review and the impact that it will have on the year as a whole, I remain confident that in future, we can return to reliable mid to high single-digit earning per share growth from our businesses. And I remain committed to and confident of delivering real value for our customers, the communities we serve, my colleagues and most importantly, my fellow shareholders looking forward. Thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Stefano Pessina: Stefano here. Maybe you’ll remember that I have always said that we had different ways of savings and of course these ways had to be enabled by what we were doing in the Company. So, it’s not a surprise that now we can announce a big program of savings and maybe a little bigger than we were thinking initially, but still even initially, we were thinking about something substantial. And this is possible because we have saved, but also invested in the past. And the reason why you don’t see really the contribution of old joint ventures that we have done is that is because from one side we have some benefits, on the other side, we continue to invest in these joint ventures. And so, you don’t see the benefit for the time being, but these investments will mature and we will have at a certain time a substantial contribution from these partnerships. But rest assured that we continue to invest and we will not starve the business.
Stefano Pessina: We have always known and said openly that we expect growing pressure on margin from and from our contracts without customers it’s up to us to find ways to compensate for this pressure. And till now, we have been able to do it. This quote, yes. The, pressure maybe it’s a little higher, but the problem is that we have been surprised by the pace of the three events that have contributed to the bad results for the quarter and for the year. And we knew that in any case the trend was in that direction and we’re preparing. If we can react so quickly now is because we were thinking all the remedies and all the counteractions even before, we have not been probably quick enough in putting those counteractions in place and now we find ourselves a little behind the pressure that we see in the market. But we are confident that as we have, individuate and we have worked for months to individuate all these elements, we are confident that in future we will be able to find the right remedies.
Stefano Pessina: No. Our view is still the same. We are not close to any deal provided the price is right. We don’t see any reason to use our cash overpaying for something just because there is a deterioration of the market. If anything, we have to be more careful now when we buy something because if we don’t believe that the market will turn around, we have to action more carefully. Honestly, we still believe in this market. We still believe that this market is a market for the future, a big market with continuous growth, but to buy something, we must be sure that the money that we employ will come back sooner or later.
Stefano Pessina: Well, I have to tell you, I can just give the same answer that I have given in the past. We are open to any kind of partnership which makes sense, which is compatible with what we are doing provided the price is correct and provided that the organization of the company that we buy or that we merge is compatible with us, because the price is very important, but also if you don’t have a compatible teams at the end the merger will not work and you will not be able to deliver synergies. We are constantly reviewing a certain number of companies, don’t ask me the names, I cannot give you the names. But of course, until now we have not found the right numbers to do a combination with these companies.
Stefano Pessina: Yes, but the share – our share price is relative, it depends on the share price of the target. If we have more or less the same multiple, the share price is not a problem. If we have a very different multiple, the share price can be a problem, but we still have a certain possibility, a certain room for additional debt. So, some acquisition could be done mainly financing them through cash, but I repeat, it’s not the absolute value of our shares which counts, it’s the relative value.
