James Kehoe: Yes. So that's a good question. So the -- we did call out the operating performance once you take out the headwind coming from the prior year bonus of around 5%. And within that as well, we're also covering 2 percentage point of growth investments, so you're getting closer to a 7%. And then we've removed e-cigarettes, so you could -- actually if you strip out -- these are all the puts and takes, we've laid out on slide 19.So the way I think you should think about this is, we expect relative stability in the wholesale business. So you've seen the very strong performance in the current year. And I'd be calling on a -- something mid-single-digit revenue growth. And then I think as you look at the RPI segment, you'd be looking at probably flat to declining revenue until we see flat line of sight to improve market circumstances in the U.K. And that's the only question mark we have on the segment.And then in the U.S., I think this year the way you should rationalize the U.S. is, this year we had a contribution coming from Rite Aid. If you kind of remove the contribution, I think we're looking forward to pretty strong script growth is our outlook.And then secondly, we see continued recovery in the retail business. So, we had a very strong exit on retail compared with the first half. The same in pharmacy, we saw a strong recovery on scripts second half, first half. We expect to see a continuation of the improved trend. So that would lead to a low single digit revenue in the U.S. business. So I think, if you look at the total company, I think we're looking at something in the low single digit revenue growth maybe 2%, maybe 3%. So take out Rite Aid, this year and you get pretty close to the same kind of number. The way, we thought about reimbursement is we've planned reimbursement slightly higher than the last three-year average, and we expect 2020 to be a continued tough year on reimbursement. And we've planned it relatively conservatively higher than the last three-year average and we're not giving anymore information on that.And then you've seen with the call-up of the cost management program that should give you the confidence that we will have a significant leverage on the cost side to – so a combination of the solid revenue growth, plus generic procurement savings continuing at a similar level plus a cost program that is really ramping up and gaining pace gives us the comfort that we get to this mid-single-digit kind of range, before the bonus impact. And know, I'm love to give you a lot of insights here into how we talk through this. So reimbursement a little bit higher than in the past, but a much stronger cost program to give us the confidence to deliver this base case.
James Kehoe: Yeah. It's an interesting question and that's why we won't be providing growth savings on the call, because I have a philosophy on this, which is the only thing that matters is what hits the bottom line. And you know, the circumstances of the company and it's – if you think about – if you save on a gross basis you're going to offset your inflation. And for a company this size, you can work it out. It's probably $250 million. And then, if you're growing your scripts at 3%, 4%, 5% that's another $100 million of incremental costs, because you have an incremental cost impact every time you fill in new scripts.So you can be quite easily – before you start the year, you're facing a $400 million headwind. So that's the first part. How do you offset inflation? And how do you offset the impact of volume growth? The second one as you've seen, we've taken a very strong stance on the investments. And I don't want that message to be lost. We're hitting the previously indicated guidance range with substantially higher investments. And that's what the cost program is helping us deliver. So, we quite hopefully put in the magnitude of the investments, we're actually spending this year. And it somewhat gets back to the age of some of the systems we have in the company, where 40% of that investment we have year-on-year is going on new pharmacy systems in the U.S. and U.K. and the implementation of SAP in the U.S. We will be able to take out an enormous amount of inventory over the next three years, as we implement these systems, enormous. So these systems will pay for themselves.The second – the next call it third is on new digital capabilities. And then, the final piece is every time we do a pilot – and the pilots are starting to scale up. We have 60, plus 70 – 67 just on Kroger. It costs quite a bit of money to reorganize the stores and try these pilots. These are all fully funded. So that's – long answer to your short question was the overhead is to pay for inflation. It's the dramatic step-change in the investment profile of the company to drive sustainable long-term growth. That's the business we're in. We have to drive growth longer term, and then finally as part of the business model, where reimbursement is offset by [generic] [ph] procurement, savings, volume and SG&A and cost discipline.
James Kehoe: Yeah. Let me give you – I'll give you a quick answer and let Alex then take the more detailed one. Our point on the scripts is, if you take the second half versus first half the scripts are now running at second half 4%. And we had as you know a very weak first half. We were up 1.9%. And that's because we were lapping these call it network changes, where we lost two points in the previous 12 months.And then as you look at the investment profile, I guess that's the upside scenario. We are quite conservative. We build in the cost of executing the initiatives. We do have working capital benefits built in our internal plans. They're quite sizable, so we do expect returns this current year on cash flow.On the pilots themselves, we're not counting on significant flows of income in 2020. These will be building over the next three years and it depends on the success. Any one of them can become significant upside. We just have to see how the pilots play out in the next 12 months.
James Kehoe: Yes. Just be careful. The revenue doesn't track the scripts. So, for example, and I won't say much more than this, if you assume higher generic penetration which typically improves and has been improving over a fairly long period of time and will still improve not by major amounts that will have a deflationary amount on your -- deflationary impact on your revenue.So, we would believe that the scripts would be higher than 2% to 3%. So, there'll be much more leverage in the income statement. So, the 2% call it 3% of revenue that includes a deflation assumption for a higher utilization of generics.
James Kehoe: Yes. We are -- on brand AWP. We think the average on a mix constant basis that we saw over the entire year was about 5%, but it was trending up in the second half of the year. So, the actual assumption on brand AWP doesn't have a massive impact on the income statement.Honestly, the generic consumptions are much more important, but we're planning roughly the same kind of number. We're planning at the average level of the year. So, more like a 5%. We're not planning on -- in the 8% sort or 9%s where it has been touching in some recent months with a lot of--
James Kehoe: It is a mix. Yes, it's a mix. Each one will be slightly different, but you could envisage that a fairly standard one would be -- there'll be a rental contribution because we're giving up space in the store. There's probably some element of a share of the total business that the supplier does in that case the partner does in that case.And then arguably the most important one is the foot traffic benefit where we have quite sophisticated models in the case of existing types of businesses. So, we know if there's a primary care. That's why we're testing these pilots. We're trying to see the uplifts on both retail and on scripts. So, you've got three sources of income in most cases.And when we say there isn't a contribution the FedEx agreement delivers favorable contribution already and we're already at full capacity basically. Already LabCorp on an income basis is positive. What's negative is we're investing capital every time we touch the store. So, it's more a cash flow negative. Some of these are neutral to positive already, but as we roll out the 600 LabCorp stores, there's capital being expanded to reset each of the stores.
James Kehoe: And you would have a further pressure in the retail segment in the U.S. more on the revenue line as a result of the continued decline of tobacco.
James Kehoe: I'll correct that. No, no. We actually said it will be worse than the average of the last three years. And you're exactly right. The main reasons why 2020 would be worse than the last three-year average would be, there's probably I would say higher percentage of PBM renewals in 2020 than there is over the following two years.
James Kehoe: So that's the reason why we've planned that way. But you're exactly right, it's worse than the average over the last few years. Yes.
James Kehoe: We're probably in the range of 40% to 50%. As I said, we change the planning assumptions quite frequently based on the latest visibility. We saw generic deflation in 2019 of around 8%. That's mix-constant. So it would actually be lower than that if you include all the changes and new molecules that comes in.And we've planned relatively consistent with that, but I think realistically I think generic deflation over the next three years is probably a single digit kind of number with some years going up a high single digit. I don't think we'll turn back to double-digit kind of numbers.So we've adjusted. We're probably in the range of 40% to 50%, as we look forward in terms of how much of the reimbursement we expect to offset through procurement initiatives.
James Kehoe: Yeah that's too specific a goal to be setting ourselves right now. I think our -- we've already given enough thoughts I think. But you can plot out -- I think if you can, kind of, triangulate this if you assume by single digit deflation on generics you can get close to the number.
James Kehoe: I think if you think about it though the first place you go to is the storage in the stores. So these stories were built in a time when a lot of inventory was in the physical location. If you plot out three years from now there'll be no inventory in the stores in the back-office. So that freed up a couple 1,000, 2,000 square feet per stores. So if you think about it the first piece of the development was free because we've downsized the back-office and the storage space. So the impact on our revenue throughput was minimal.And as we go through each of the partnerships because we're getting an uplift there's a lot of science that goes into this. So we'll be losing -- if you shrink the size of your retail footprint how much you are losing versus you're going to get some uplift from the increased traffic, I don't think you're going to see a massive reduction in the space -- sorry in the revenue as a result of this, quite the contrary.So what you end up with is a more efficient box where you're probably dedicating less space to some categories where you weren't making very much money. You've gotten rid of your storage. You got rid of your back-office. And then you've got value-added services who are attracting different customers in there. And ideally your foot traffic has gone up as a result of that and a more efficient sales per square foot.So I don't think you'll see the revenue. I think Alex is right. I think you'll see the revenue find consistent with what we have potentially improving. And then you see a big change in the rent. And bear in mind that we're quite over rented, so it's a long-term opportunity for the company versus our competitors, we probably years ago entered into lease contracts that were in the best locations, the nicest places and probably overpaid a bit.So as you look forward over a multiyear horizon, we would expect consistent quite material reductions in the cost of rent. And then at the same time, we make each store more efficient in what's in each of the stores. I hope that gives you enough insights on it.
Alex Gourlay: Morning. Yeah, I think with regarding prescription growth we see a return to normal market in Med D driven by the fact that we got preferred relationships with some of the bigger plans. And we may have lost some of the small preferred access, but they are very small numbers otherwise. So, overall, we feel pretty good about that. You saw an announcement with Centene, where we intend to be more proactive in the Medicaid space going forward as well. There's still areas that we're working on. First of all, we are able to retain more customers. For example, I mentioned Save a Trip Refill in our prepared remarks. That's driving better retention adherence.And last not least, of course, we are able to consolidate pharmacies, not just Rite Aid but the marketplace is changing. We're seeing more pharmacies than normal on the marketplace. And we have a good pipeline of pharmacies that we'll be able to secure in the future and consolidate as the number of pharmacies in the U.S. for the first time for a long time seem to be in decline. So, we're pretty confident that we'll be at the mark -- or maybe somewhat ahead of the market overall with all of these initiatives in terms of pharmacy growth.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, that's right A.J. I think -- and obviously you look at the innovation in the marketplace and see what we're getting as well and in this particular year be more or less marked. So, I agree with James. A general increase has been happening this year, but we're not banking on it continuing and we see a trend a bit the same going to next year.
Alex Gourlay: A.J. I think just one additional thing. The here was quite important particularly in pharmacy. So, we are really looking to see -- convinced that having a general practitioner in a pharmacy alongside a pharmacist working together not only drives additional prescriptions and a wee which is completely legal, but also provides better patient care. And that combination will lead to new platforms in the future we've spoken about as we look to not just provide a digital care, but also digital care in the community.So, again, its early days, but we are very excited about this idea of doctor-led and pharmacist-enabled including that partnership going forward in that model, yes.
Alex Gourlay: Sure. Hi Peter, it's Alex here. Yes, I think that they are set at the moment. So, let me deal with our investment in Shields to start with that. They really walk with health systems to enable the health system to take better care of the patients as they go back into community.We have a number of local assets both in hospital systems and also specialty pharmacies where we want to make sure that working with the local health system, we can help them to service and take care of that patient more directly. So it's early days, but that's the model there. Really it's a community model.Our work with AllianceRX is really about the central model in the mean, and of course, working very closely with the owners of Prime which are the Blues and particularly the financial contracts. Obviously, we've put together our business with their business just over two years ago. And the business is now performing from an operational point of view very well, but clearly the market is changing and we're looking forward to how we can of course accelerate growth and work even closer with the Blues in that model going forward.So if you think of them as two separate areas at this stage, and of course, we recognize the incredible importance of specialty and the new drugs in the marketplace in the years ahead, I think 50% of the value of medication will be in specialty within three years. So of course, we're working very hard on both the individual piece, I've mentioned, but also how we combine the Walgreens brand and all of our assets over time to create a more powerful specialty model with our -- partners.
Alex Gourlay: Well, I think -- I'd go back to the central model, which is the predominant one at the moment in terms of the model there. You can see that our growth has been pretty reasonable this year in 20%. And that will continue as a market growth. We want to grow with Prime and grow it with that model.The other -- and of course, 340B, again, is another area where we're growing as well. So that's pretty clear.Now again, we're not the biggest, but we're a lot bigger than we were two years ago and growing faster than we were two years ago. With the Shields one, it's an early stage investment. We're a minority shareholder and we're developing the local community model and specialty. We believe that more and more patients will want to be taken care of closer to their home and closer to the community. And as drugs develop, there will be new payment models. So we believe this model will be more suited too.
Alex Gourlay: We see continuing – obviously, we will cycle for example New York City on January 1st when we -- when that was confirmed by the status coming out of tobacco for all pharmacies and other states may well take action in a similar vein, we don't know yet. So we expect the pressure on tobacco sales to continue into next year, but not that at the same extent as we had in the last 12 months.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, but not as much as we've seen this year. This year we've seen about 1% due to normal tobacco, and we think that will be less next year as we cycle particularly New York.
Alex Gourlay: Okay. It's perfect. And what's happening with the commercial and the Medicaid plans? They're moving from three-year renewals to more like two-year renewals on average. And the bigger -- you know that there's been more consolidation that's happened. So that's actually the reason for James' comments.
Alex Gourlay: Our position in SilverScript's hasn't changed. We've been generally either in the open or non-preferred really for quite a while. So that piece has not changed.
Alex Gourlay: I would just say that we've got good line of sight into these savings as well. We've been working on this pretty hard to make sure we protect our customers and we drive efficiency. And again the volume increase that we spoke to earlier in the call, which will improve as the year develops is another important component of driving a more efficient pharmacy.
Alex Gourlay: It's Alex here Ricky. We don't see a lot of change. I've always been of the view that we can have roundabout 10,000 pharmacies probably more than we have today, although at different formats. So the format that we have today is really you see that a suburban drug store or the urban store that we have in the big cities, we're developing a small store pharmacy. We got about I think 30 or 40 now actively in the ground. And we're pleased with the results, lower cost more focus on pharmacy and OTC health care and obviously pick up as well. So we're developing that format. So we still got opportunities to fill in some networks.And going forward -- and I think also remember there are 65,000 pharmacies, thereabouts, in the U.S. today and they're coming down in number. So we believe that our efficient supply chain, the strength of our brand and the quality of our pharmacists and the support they're getting through the new IT infrastructures and digital capabilities we're investing in that we will be able to improve not just the efficiency of the pharmacy, but the quality of the care that we provide to patients and payers going forward and have more percent of the pharmacies in the U.S. over time.
Alex Gourlay: It's pretty clear. I mean, I think there's been – obviouslym there's been the conversation high over the weekend, which we were aware of a few weeks ago. Disappointed that CareSource have taken this decision but recognize that's their decision to take. But we are -- have got other games to make that up in other networks. So we think it's pretty balanced over the year and we're very confident in our ability to grow the market in 2020.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, Steve. Yes. No, we think that it's a good move for retail to be involved in health care as that happens in a place like Walmart in 206 huge successful company and they do it well then we think that'll help us because, we've got a great brand. We think, we've got strong, better community locations. And we've got more focus on pharmacy there and more focus on health care relationships. So, overall, we think that's going to be an advantage to us. And we'll continue with our own strategy, developing and investing in the way that James and I have described this morning.
