Stefano Pessina: Thank you, George. So, another good year, but a year of transition that has brought many challenges but also with many successes, including our announcement with Rite Aid. It has been particularly gratifying to have been able to keep our team on track and maintain our momentum in our businesses, both in the U.S. and around the world, while at the same time be able to start to understand our new markets and deliver corporate expansion as we are doing with Rite Aid. As CEO, I very much recognize my role is both to support my team in achieving and supporting their goals, but also in creating the opportunities and direction for them to outperform and identify sources of growth and value-enhancement, while helping mark the route for sustained growth to secure the future for the company well beyond my tenure. As we stand today, we have potential opportunities in many businesses, in many geographies. We continue to review all the opportunities open to us to assess where best to deploy our capital to provide the best return for our investors. The healthcare market is extraordinary dynamic with many moving parts, and these dynamics creates new opportunities and new ideas all the time. A key part of my role is to make sure that we pursue these opportunities where they are desirable to do so, and not waste time and resources where it is not. And to ensure that we do that without distracting our teams from delivering on our long and short-term plan for our existing business. For the time, you can expect to see us complement the development of our existing businesses with further additions that we can do that will help us better define and differentiate our businesses. As we look at our opportunities around the globe, given the unique dynamic of the U.S. market, it is not surprising that the best opportunity we have found this year has been here, while elsewhere our expansion has been through the selective purchase event and small bolt-on acquisition to our revenue stream. The global healthcare markets, and perhaps the U.S. market more than any, are ready for change, and open to new ideas and new approaches that throughout provide scale. As the leading global healthcare company, we have the potential to play a defining role in this evolution. We have always married prudence with a willingness to find innovative solution and think about things in new ways and these are qualities I am glad to be spreading across the group and I believe will form the foundation for the success of the business going forward. Now, let's open up for questions. Gerald, please.
Stefano Pessina: You know, it's very difficult to comment about that. Of course, before doing this decision, taking this decision and doing these steps, we have analyzed things very carefully. We have tried to figure out what would happen, but of course, it has been done within the closed walls of our company. In this situation, it is very difficult for us to make public comments. You know when we have public authorities, it is better for us not to interfere at all.
Stefano Pessina: We have put a cap because, of course, we have to take certain precautions, but we are not speculating at all about the number of stores that we will have to divest.
Stefano Pessina: But you understand that in this case the synergies are coming mainly by internal efficiency, by the fact that maybe we can have a better network to sell our brands product, which is still a fundamental component of our strategy. And so these will not happen overnight. It will take some time.
Stefano Pessina: But I want to stress what George has said, we have done a lot of work, and we are very confident that this deal will deliver for us.
Stefano Pessina: Maybe Alex can give you. We have discussed this about their PBM business, and Alex can do something.
Stefano Pessina: Well, we have not done this to increase our negotiating power with payer and PBM. We have done this because we believe that we can extract a lot of synergies, rationalizing the combined company for, I would say, from internal sources and the harmonization of prices in term of harmonization and not improvement, the harmonization of our knowhow; something in software; something of course in the combination of the stores as we were discussing before; something from our products, from our product lines. We are not thinking of really improving our position with the payers because at the end of the day we are in an environment where the margins are decreasing. So it was decreasing. We are in an environment where there is a lot of competition. And the fact that we put together two companies will not reduce the competition – not just the competition among pharmacies. Think of other tandems, think of the mail-order, think of the people who are specialized in certain categories, like the specialty for instance. So there are many people working this area. I don't believe that these will really give up an additional power. But we have not counted on that when we have put together our numbers.
Stefano Pessina: But when we are talking of next year, there is a point of next year, which if you do the math and take into account the fact that we will not be able to buy $2.2 billion in shares, you will see that the math is quite favorable. But this is substantially inorganic growth. So, in a retail business, to have an organic growth of double-digit, low double-digit is not easy. We have done this for many, many years, I have to say. We have never had one year without double-digit growth in our history. But I can tell you that it's not easy, because it's relatively easy to announce earnings per shares, buying back a lot of shares, or buying additional businesses. The business that we are buying this time will not have effect on next year; so you have to look at the numbers of next year as organic growth.
Stefano Pessina: Lisa, first of all, I have to say we have not taken any decision about the contract. Not necessarily we have to change substantially the contract in order to get the synergies we believe we can have. And at the right time, we will discuss with the contract and of course we will try to discuss in the interest of our company, that's obvious. But you don't have to assume the fact that we will change the contract ore will move the contract. Of course, we have a good relationship with ABC; but I have to tell you that we have a lot of respect for McKesson and a lot of respect for Hammergren and Julian. We will see. We will see at the time. It's obvious that we will try to extract as much value as possible.
Stefano Pessina: Well, for sure, I can tell you that I have certain ideas. But before making these ideas public, I like to check this idea with the reality which is around us. Now we have just done a deal. We have just started; we have just announced a potential deal. We have started this deal; for a few months we will be really absorbed in this deal. We will continue to think. But for a few months we will not be able to tell you where we want to go next.
George Fairweather: We've not given the specific details on this, but I'm sure you can imagine, as with any deal of this nature, there are different classifications of synergies. There are the procurement synergies, or the GNFR synergies; there will be other cost-saving synergies. And these synergies we will access in a structured way, much as we have done with the Walgreens Alliance Boots transaction. We've got a team who are very experienced in accessing those synergies, and we're very confident in our numbers. As ever, these gross synergies take time to access. Some of them can be achieved faster than others. Some will require investment, and we will work through that, but there will be an element of investment to get the synergies, we'll clearly go over the coming time we will work through how best to achieve these. But we've done a lot of work, as ever, to be really confident in the number that we have published.
George Fairweather: And finally, to add to that would be that this is – the program is in a sense it's not between two companies, the acquisition will be in part of the Retail Pharmacy USA division. So it really doesn't make sense for us to report the synergies separately in the way that we did when these were essentially being shared half and half between Alliance Boots and Walgreens.
George Fairweather: Okay. I'll just -just a quick word on IT. As I touched in the presentation, one of the reasons that we saw a step up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter was our IT program. And so we, as Walgreens Boots Alliance, have been doing a lot of work since the merger how best to structure our IT so that we are able to use our global scale and capability to invest in IT in a cost-efficient way, to best serve the needs of both the business internally, but, most importantly, our customers. So there's a lot of work on IT underway. In terms of the gross synergies, it's really – I mean these will come in the U.S., as we have said, which is why it will become harder to separate out then, as we start to integrate the operations post being able to complete the transaction. But the synergies will come. There will be procurement synergies where there clearly isn't an investment requirement. But then there will be investment over time in areas like in IT and in upgrading the stores, and we will do that in a thoughtful, structured way. We will be looking at stores on a store-by-store basis, as we always do, looking for the returns that we continue to seek. So the investment will always take a little bit longer to come, and it will be done over time because of the nature of that part of the integration takes longer.
George Fairweather: Yes. I mean we very much try and allocate the synergies based on the activities; so I do appreciate that's made the segmental analysis a little tougher for you to follow. But by doing it on this basis of procurement, we really are therefore reflecting where the volume is, where the activity is. And as a result, obviously with the Retail Pharmacy USA being by far our biggest segment, then you should think of the synergies being heavily weighted towards the U.S. segment as the basis I would always think about it. I think as we annualize through as we get to the third quarter, which I guess will be our first clean year-on-year quarter, it will be a little bit easier for you to see. And of course, it's the hard synergies which are the ones that we're quantifying; but really are a lot of what are, in effect, synergies but they're not the ones that we can quantify, these are the ones that are really coming through as we now increasingly have integrated combined management team working very much together on many of the programs, sharing best practice. And that's very much business as usual now, rather than run through each synergy work stream.
George Fairweather: That's got a typical investment program. Absolutely everything is in there. I mean we are being quite prudent as you would expect in these areas.
George Fairweather: Okay, on the latter one, we're continuing to evaluate what is the best capital structure going forward. We've obviously, as you can see, done quite a bit of sales and leaseback in the last particular year.
George Fairweather: We haven't set an internal target. We will continue just to work through this in the normal way, but very committed to having an efficient balance sheet, as I said on many occasions. That's the answer to the second one. So the first one was...
George Fairweather: I mean, what I would answer is I'm not wedded on having to own Retail Pharmacy locations. Clearly there will be certain locations where it may be the right thing to do, but it's not something that I feel is necessary for our business model. So we will continue to look to operate there. We will continue to look at a sale and leaseback where we believe it's the right thing to do. Really taking, too, into account the timing of or the tenure of leases and when the lease breaks off, so that we have a balance in our portfolio going forward and don't have a bunching of lease breaks all at the same time. So we'll be doing this, looking at this in a thoughtful way over time is the way I would position it.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, I mean, as we know today, it's an important but relatively small PBM business. It's in the top 10, but not a big one. It's a (51:28) business with a lot of beauty abilities and IT, so at the moment we are really interested in, once we get beyond the closure of the FTC review to understand more about the business and how it could really help us understand access in America better. I mean our real purpose view with the deal with Rite Aid is to improve the quality of pharmacy and to really just cross across some markets and make sure we create a market which is more affordable and more accessible for everyone, aligned with the government policy. So we think this could be our way into that in terms of Envision. But clearly we need to understand more, and we'll understand more once we're through the FTC review.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah. Hi, Meredith. Alex here. Yes, we moved to something we called Everyday Points. We talked about in the last earnings review as well. And this is where for the majority of front-end products, we're able to offer points and also extended the points in the pharmacy business to other schemes like Medicaid and Medicare where appropriate. We're really pleased with what has happened. Customers have signed into this program. We have I think it's now 27 million about of customers signed into it, and they're collecting points. More importantly, as we analyze how they're redeeming the points, we're seeing encouraging behavior, behavior where people are actually selecting more and more on brand products and bigger baskets and products they may not otherwise have bought. So it's really early days. I mean, the program's been out there for only a matter of months, but the behavior we're seeing in these customers is encouraging. And it's exactly the behavior we've seen in other loyalty programs that we know well in the group. So that's where we are, and of course we intend, as we have done aggressively since we launched the program just over three years ago now, to invest wisely and carefully to ensure we get return back for our investments. And we're seeing the signs here where we can invest more in this program, and we'll do so in the years ahead.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. I think that it's clear that we are working hard in Walgreens to really develop the front-end. And again, George gave a good update again of some the progress we've made here in terms of being able to improve our operational margin in the front-end the last six quarters. So as we develop the best ideas in Walgreens, as we take the best ideas from Alliance Boots, and again, George updated that we intend to extend our beauty products into 2,000 Walgreens stores, having done a controlled test in both Phoenix and New York City. And also as we really learn some of the – the excellent work from the outside that the Rite Aid team have done in their new wellness format, we have the opportunity to draw all that together, once we're through the FTC review, and see how we can improve performance in all of our network across America and to provide better front-end performance through a more appropriate offer for communities across America, supporting our better quality pharmacy experience and of course lower costs. So that's our intention. But obviously, once we're through the process with the FTC, we'll be able to work more closely with the teams to understand that better. But we think there is opportunity both in Walgreens, and clearly the team at Rite Aid are seeing good improvement in their wellness format and will be read (56:54) in terms of the reporting.
Alex Gourlay: I mean, Meredith, we've chosen to invest to help people to stop smoking, to lose weight. Our Balance Rewards for Healthy Choices program we launched about 12 months ago has been incredibly successful, and we've chosen to invest there. Because we believe a little bit less than 3% of tobacco sold today in a drugstore channel, the choice tobacco is there already in many other places. Of course, we continue to review, reflect on this issue and other categories that we happen to sell. But our fundamental choice is to invest to help people who are ready, prepared to stop, stop. And we've made really good progress there and to work with them. So at this stage, we have nothing else to update on apart from that we are pleased with progress that we've made with our investments to help people across America stop smoking.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, I can't comment on long-term basis. What I can tell you is that we really have anticipated the Med D season and we are now in enrollment. We are pleased; we've been able to expand our partnerships with payers. For example, we announced Aetna as a new partner for us, and we're really pleased with that. So we are feeling – the rates are as planned. Of course, the reduction from last year's rates as planned, as we expected. And we've been able to drive our strategy of improving access, of improving volume through some new partnerships. The commercial ones, as you know we're on three, four-year contracts. And we don't comment on these contracts publicly, as you're aware.
Alex Gourlay: It's Alex here. I think it's about the patient and the customer having more power and more choice. I think with our fantastic group of people under Walgreens and the brands that they represent in communities across America, that's where we have our biggest opportunity, I think.
