Rick Hans: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. Today, Greg Wasson, our President and CEO, and Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss the quarter and the additional announcement this morning regarding Express Scripts. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, our President of Pharmacy, Health & Wellness Services and Solutions; and Mark Wagner, President of Community Management. When we get to your questions, please limit yourself to one. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, and I would direct you to our website at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations. Also, I'm available throughout the day by phone to answer additional questions. You can find a link to our webcast under Investor Relations website. After the call, the presentation and the podcast will be available in archives on our website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q filings for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Rick Hans: Thank you, Greg. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. We're now ready to take your questions.
Rick Hans: Folks, that was our final question. As a reminder, the company will report June sales on July 6, and we will report the fourth quarter year-end results on September 27. Until then, thank you for listening, and we look forward to talking with you soon.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Mark, this is Greg. Yes, as we said, I think, first, I'll start with the Medicare Part D beneficiaries. The pharmacist has a very trusted relationship, a close relationship with all seniors and all Medicare Part D beneficiaries. We intend, as I said, to work with them to make sure we help them find access to plans that have Walgreens in their network during open enrollment. Two, we do believe that in most cases, PBM contracts, health plan contracts typically are 3-year contracts, and typically most of those turn over about once -- 1/3 of them every year. So we intend to work with the hundreds of PBMs and health plans that we do business with, that we think value Walgreens in their network. We heard that loud and clear over the past year that they want Walgreens in their network. And third, we think that there's a fair number of employers and health plans who have the ability to work directly with us and we intend to work with them as well.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Mark, I think certainly this is about Express Scripts and the proposal we received from them. Frankly, as we said in the call, I think first and foremost, we weighed this and obviously didn't make the decision lightly. And we considered all the alternatives as I said. But really what we can agree with is someone having the ability to unilaterally decide what constitutes a generic drug or brand drug. We can't agree to someone putting us into a lower cost network or a network with a different benefit design, as I said, without our approval or without us getting compensated for the buying shift that, that creates. And third, we just can't accept rates that are less than industry average and does not value what we bring to the marketplace.
Gregory Wasson: Well, I think that, Mark, Greg, a good question. First of all, the proposed rates are well below the market rates that we have. And therefore -- and in fact, less than the industry average to fill us and provide us scripts as I said. Secondly, there are industry standards out there that define generic drugs today that the industry uses. And for someone to unilaterally decide to redefine a generic drug does not make sense to us and we can't accept.
Gregory Wasson: And Mark, I would say, we were surprised by the proposal that we received from Express Scripts a couple of months ago. Surprised that the terms and conditions we received, the fact that they were looking for reimbursement rates far below the market rates that we have. And as Wade said, we work successfully with hundreds of networks across the country all the time.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Andy. Greg. Certainly, we've talked this through clearly. And we're prepared, and we have a plan. And certainly, we've looked at the areas where we're ready to adjust SG&A where we can, where we should. All of the above, as you just said, operating hours and others are in our plan. But we feel confident that we can adjust as needed and are prepared to do so.
Gregory Wasson: Mark, Greg, yes. As I've said, we were surprised by the initial proposal we received. We've been working for several months to try to come to a successful agreement with what we thought were fair and reasonable terms and conditions for the value we provide. We haven't been successful, and therefore, we felt that it was necessary to inform our shareholders on this earnings call that where we are and that we're prepared to go on. As Wade said and as I said earlier, that although we are in the business to fill prescriptions, we didn't take this lightly, as I'm sure you wouldn't -- would expect. When we look at the long-term ramifications to our business, it's far worse than the short-term impact would have been, having accepted below-market rates.
Gregory Wasson: Tom, this is Greg. Let me add to that. Certainly, as I've said, we're in a business to fill prescriptions. And certainly, if we can reach an agreement some point in time, where our issues that we lay down are accepted, certainly. But I also want to be clear that we are prepared, as I said, to continue to live in a world without Express Scripts. We're prepared. We've got a plan in place to do that.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, the proposals, I said, is redefining what we understand the industry has used for years to define a generic drug. And I feel to unilaterally defined what constitutes a generic and brand-name drug is not acceptable.
Gregory Wasson: Well, I mean, we can't speculate on what's driving. And I would say obviously, if organic volume for them is roughly flat and their gross profit per dollars and EBITDA per script keeps going up, that probably suggests something. But with respect to Medco or others, we're not here to talk about any other party. We have good relationships with hundreds of other plans, and we're going to continue on that. And this is really about Express Scripts.
Gregory Wasson: Meredith, I'm not going to speculate on what Express Scripts might do. As I said, we've made this decision, and we thought it through, consider all options. And we are prepared to move forward in a world without Express Scripts. So I can't speculate on what they may do, but we're prepared to move forward.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Meredith. We've read that, and we've heard comments in the industry about restricted networks. First of all, as I said, we've heard loud and clear the past year that employers and health plans absolutely want Walgreens in their network. Frankly, the cost savings from restricting a pharmacy network is really is not substantial enough to reduce access, for most is what we're hearing loud and clear. And finally, health plans and health systems today are really looking beyond pharmacy. They're looking for community pharmacy to help them reduce their overall medical costs while improving access and the quality of care. And I'll tell you, frankly, I believe the days of isolating and focusing on drug spend separate from medical costs are coming to a close. So I think that folks today are looking for help from community pharmacy to attack their entire medical costs, improve access versus just focusing on their pharmacy spend.
Gregory Wasson: Well, John, first of all, as we've said before, I think anyone in healthcare we're always going to be facing reimbursement pressure of some type. I will circle back to the answer and the comment I just made to Meredith earlier. I think the value of community pharmacy going forward, working with forward-looking health plans and health systems that are looking to control their total medical costs, improve access is where we're headed. One of our major initiatives and strategies, as you know, is to transform the role of community pharmacy place in healthcare by expanding our scope of services via pharmacists, nurse practitioners and so forth. And that's when I say I've never had in my time with this company so much interest in what community pharmacy and what we can offer to health plans and health systems across the country.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Greg here. I think that as you said, as we see the generic wave coming, I think, certainly generics are good for all. I think when -- I think, certainly, we're going to continue to see pressures, as I said, from being in the healthcare industry. But at the same time, when you think about a world where virtually every therapeutic category of drug has a generic, payers are going to see a dramatic reduction in costs just from that same wave. So will they be continue to be focused on cost? Yes. But are they going to see and experience big relief coming forward because every category will, in essence, have a generic? Yes, absolutely.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, fair question. I think as I said, payers who are holistically and I believe, trending to holistically looking at how to reduce their total costs are going to look at this in a more balanced and fair way. And frankly, that's what we're seeing. They're realizing that keeping folks adherent and compliant on drugs is much more beneficial than squeezing another few percent on the cost on the drug side itself.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, I'll take the first. On going to direct employers, certainly, we have had success there. And we lead with the employers. We lead with our employer solutions product. We also have direct relationships with health plans and employers across the country, and we continue to see more of that. On the state of New York, we applaud that. We absolutely think that payers and employers benefit from having a 90-day retail benefit added to an existing mail benefit. And I think that through proper benefit design and structures, that does make sense for retail to participate.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, Deborah. We're feeling good with the retail clinics. As you know and I think I talked last couple of calls, we've got over 300 out there. We've got scale. We now have really been able to look at the model and make some adjustments to the model, which are positive. So I think that such as expanding our scope of services beyond acute care into more screenings, chronic care management and primary care like we've -- we're seeing a different approaches. We're finding different approaches to market and build customer awareness. At the same time, we are hearing more and more, as I said, from health plans and hospital systems as we announced. Health systems are looking to leverage our retail clinics for access and affordable care. So we feel good there. Our employer business, our employer worksite health has the same thing there. We're seeing increased awareness and demand. We just signed the relationship with Ochsner Health, as we talked about. So we are feeling pretty good there, as well as our pharmacy on campus hospital system model. We're seeing a lot of interest from health systems who are looking for us to help them with their discharge process to prevent readmission.
Gregory Wasson: Yes. And first and foremost, let me say that we work with all stakeholders in the industry. So we have valued relationships with PBMs that help take our product and services to the marketplace, health plans that take our products or services, health systems, et cetera. But at the same time, you're right. We do have what we believe is a unique and value-added solution for employers to build or provide worksite health on their campuses. With that, we are indeed able to build -- create or build relationships because we create real value, and we believe are influential in a positive way as to how they design their benefits for the best of their employees.
Gregory Wasson: Well, Bob, obviously I can't go there but this is certainly about Walgreens and the proposal that we received, and were surprised by from Express Scripts and the actions we are taking. We do believe that community pharmacy does provide value. We believe we certainly do. We think that payers are beginning to look for community pharmacy to provide services far beyond what others may be. So as I said, this is about us and Express Scripts.
Gregory Wasson: And Bob, again, let me go back to again this is between us and them. But at the same time, I will say that we have decided to take a leadership position in this industry to transform the role of community pharmacy. And to play a greater role in healthcare. And I think, there is a tremendous opportunity for us to do that. We have tremendous interest from key stakeholders in the healthcare industry for us to play that role. And that's where we're headed. We moving forward into that new world. And as I said, we're prepared and ready to live in a world without Express Scripts.
Gregory Wasson: Yes, David, Greg. As I've said in the last year, year and a half, we've heard loud and clear from employers and health plans that they want Walgreens in their network for all the reasons that we stated: the convenience we bring; the 24 hour locations we bring, the services we are offering, the; cost effectiveness that we do bring; when you look at our generic utilization performance, the adherence and compliance; the rate terms and conditions we give. They're looking for is to be in the network.
Gregory Wasson: Ed, Greg. Certainly, I'm not going to comment much on the CVS Caremark other than to say, as we said in our release we were very pleased with the outcome of that issue. And we're working very closely with CVS Caremark today as a result. Again, this is about our relationship with Express Scripts and our desire to reach agreement on terms and conditions that are acceptable for the value we provide.
Wade Miquelon: I put it simply, I mean, while we're not here to talk about CVS Caremark, I guess, what I would say is that we are taking a principled stand that we deserve to be treated and compensated fairly for what we do. Nothing more, nothing less.
Wade Miquelon: And I would say, Mark, I mean, obviously, negotiating with PBMs, managed care, whatever is a way of life, right. It's just part of the game, everybody wants to make sure that they do what's right for their company. So it happens all the time, it's just very seldom does it goes public. And honestly, we are so far apart from what we believe is principled and fair that it's not something that's going to be -- it's not going to be resolved honestly.
Wade Miquelon: It means, we basically, as of December 31, offered to Evergreen that agreement, basically, right. But which we already feel quite frankly is not an acceptable agreement but that was -- in event, that's already below-market but that was what we felt was a very amicable proposal at the time.
Wade Miquelon: And this is a very important point. Even the worst-case scenario, if us moving forward, living in our world without Express Scripts in it is certainly better than what they were proposing. And we certainly have many things, levers we can pull, cost offsets, et cetera, that I guarantee you that our path forward for shareholders and for employers is better than the alternative, even in the worst-case scenario.
Wade Miquelon: Well, I would say this -- I would say that we're not going to back off our principles and our stand that we deserve fair compensation, market-based compensation for what we do. If that day comes so be it. But if not, we're prepared to move forward.
Wade Miquelon: I mean, honestly any agreement where one party can define and change levers and things that they want any time they want basically means that they can do any thing they want.
Wade Miquelon: Obviously, front-end sales are in a big correlation to prescriptions. As we've said many times, we're not going to speculate on any of the numbers per se, today.
Wade Miquelon: Our high road objective of January 1 is just to make sure that there's time for payers and patients to transition, if necessary, so that we don't disrupt them because at the end of the day, we should both take the high road around that.
Wade Miquelon: I guess, I would say and I said many times publicly, it's probably broader, this discussion is. We believe, that in a world of all generics and beyond the wave that we have many, many, many ways that we can drive value for our company and value for the people and the patients and the payers that we serve. So I think that there will always be some tension, but I think we're confident that there's enough things that we can do and over time that we have a very strong model.
Wade Miquelon: Just a couple of things, number one is we are on track for our target next year of 3.5% to 4.5%. So very confident about that. But the fourth quarter, as you know last year was basically, I'd say, it's an easy comp. To make sure that you kind of on all the numbers, you are running the 2-year specs to really get the 2-year trend. I'd say with respect to cost, I mean, there's some inflationary pressure. But there's also, there's also, I'd say, in other areas, deflationary pressure because of the high unemployment and the economy. So we believe we can definitely manage to our targets.
Wade Miquelon: Look, I would say that there is no one contract. There is no one rate for mail. And when you factor it all together, it can be all over the map. But the truth is there's a lot of mail most of it is kind of shadow priced-off retail. Being able to do -- we can do a 90-day very cost effectively versus mail providing a discount for the payer, but also providing good economics for us given the benefit of being able to fill it once. So we'll have to look at that. I don't want to give an absolute but I think absolutely, we can be competitive, and we'll just have to see what the actual details are.
Wade Miquelon: Well, we can talk a little bit. One thing I do want to clarify, too, is -- I think, it's John's question earlier -- the 3.5% to 4.5% target is kind of our, call it, our cost base. Obviously, we said today with the Express Scripts, we don't know exactly where this will end, what our sales will be. So we're not going to clarify goals, but we're on track for that. I mean, the key drivers is obviously the same key drivers we've had before. We have a little bit less, to a degree [ph], because of partial quarter in there. We have our new store openings. We have some one-time costs associated with some of the deals that we've announced. But effectively, there's nothing out of the ordinary versus the normal trend.
Wade Miquelon: Well, I mean it's going to come across a couple of different lines, both in terms of what their actual earnings accretion is et cetera, plus we have some one-time and some expense costs that we're doing to beef up the proposition plus we have some [ph] related cost. So it cuts across all the various lines. It really just flows through it. But you have closing cost transaction fees, and like I said, you have the base P&L of the business.
Wade Miquelon: Well, we've seen obviously some inflation coming through, though not huge amounts but some inflation. We feel we've been very effective at pricing with it and in front of it. That's our plan to keep pricing. So again, input costs are coming through a little bit. I think that while we do see higher fuel, et cetera, on our transportation we also get some benefit offset because we're very convenient, and so we get it through sales. I think you see it through our traffic as well. But really I think, thus far inflation is coming some but it's been manageable. And for the most part we plan on offsetting it through pricing. We'll stay competitive on that since we have to. But we'll also be smart how we play our whole portfolio and drive things like private label even harder.
Wade Miquelon: And it's also our principle stand is also being fair to the other payers that we work with and the other PBMs and managed care. It's not -- it wouldn't be right to give some super discount below market rate for only one at the expense of the others. We need to be fair to all of them.
Wade Miquelon: I think we said that we believe there are already unacceptable rates, and the proposal is even more unacceptable. So I'll just leave it at that.
Wade Miquelon: I'm not really going to comment on the quarter. I would agree that there are tougher compares for various reasons that we outlined. I guess what I would say is we're a bit focused on not building a sandcastle but building a real castle, so over time how do we keep strengthening the foundation in the financials, the gross margin, the SG&A, making that model work, the 100 basis point model and over time, over a period. So I won't speculate on the quarter but I think that we feel that moving ahead, we have a very solid framework, and of course, we're moving into a good generic period, coming 2013, et cetera. So, I'll just leave it at that.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, obviously, right now we're in the midst of kind of finishing out CCR so that brings a fair amount of, cost et cetera. But then over time, we believe, what we're seeing is we're going to have stronger margins and stronger lift resulting from it. We're also doing a better and better job of driving a very healthy mix for us, more beauty products, more OTC products, things like that. Private label, we've done a great job. But we still have a lot of upside, and we're putting a lot of effort in that. So there are definitely drivers over time that we can, I think, keep improving the margin. But again, I think, it's really have to look over the longer haul and keep focusing on 2-year specs.
Thomas Gallucci: Clarify a few things, if I could. One, I think it was Wade before, did you sort of say that this is not going to be resolved? I just want to be clear are you guys still open to negotiations? Or...
Thomas Gallucci: Okay. So in theory, there could be a deal, it's just a matter of it's got to be closer to your terms.
Thomas Gallucci: That's different than the contract you've had in the past, that nuance? Is that nuance different than the contract you've had...
