Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean, I guess, what I would say is, like I said, we're on track with respect to their business performance and also, with respect to the synergies. If I was to give some perspective on an IFRS basis, which as IFRS are not audited, their -- for the first 4 months, August through November, their trading profit is exceeding 10%, and underlying profit for the year is even better than that. So that's, again, an IFRS basis. But if you want color on those 4 months, in a tough year climate, they continue to perform very, very well. Obviously, the southern countries are more challenging than northern Europe, but in aggregate, they're doing a very good job. And I think on analyst day, we'll be able to peel into their business to a much greater degree.
Wade D. Miquelon: Well, look, I think if you look at longer trend, the 1-year and then the 2-year stacked trends, I think actually we feel pretty good. I mean, obviously, SG&A isn't something that you manage quarter-to-quarter, you manage strategically. And again, when you look at kind of the not just adjusted but the kind of the comparable basis being up 1%, we felt pretty good about. And these investments we've made in terms of loyalty sign-ups, in terms of Express Scripts win-back and in terms of the Part D programs, in particular, where we are preferred player, we believe are very, very good investments and will play out very nicely as we come into the new year.
Wade D. Miquelon: We have obviously hundreds of contracts, and they're all different. But as kind of a general rule of thumb, I think we've been very thoughtful about making sure that, in general, we're not going after feast or famine but sustainable profitability, which means in the front end, you might leave a little bit on the table but over a longer term, we think we have a very stable business with very strong margins. So I think that's a general direction that we've headed. Again, each contract is different, but I think that we feel that not only through this generic wave but post the wave, we're going to have a very solid business and very good margins we can work with.
Wade D. Miquelon: Reimbursement was negligible, really. So in general, we had a good uptick from generics. We do have some specialty mix. And then we -- well, a little bit from 90-day. But again, 90-day in aggregate is good incremental dollars for us and strategically right on target.
Wade D. Miquelon: No, I think we feel like we're in a very good place. I think that we have as much stability in our commercial book as we've said that we felt for a long period of time. We feel that we have a good ecosystem. We're being treated fairly by our payers and having them being treated fairly versus each other. So I think we're in a good spot.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, I mean we have a whole marketing mix model we look at. And in part, this isn't necessarily incremental spend. It's a different way of going to market. So we've been shifting from what was typically almost completely roto-dependent to now, I'd say, a much more balanced approach, with not only roto, but also multichannel efforts, what we're doing on the Web, what we're doing with loyalty, what we're doing on our equity, kind of revision campaign. So we think that, over time, that it's -- our use of funds, if you will, is much better in this new balanced approach. And again, as Greg said, as we build critical mass with loyalty, we now have 60% of our sales coming through, but where the real magic starts to happen is we start to build the redemption, where people can redeem and feel that there's real value in that redemption. That becomes a powerful engine, and we're just now starting to reach that point where those numbers are starting to grow.
Wade D. Miquelon: A couple of things. In the short term, you have a bit of kind of the accounting nuances, as you get points it tends to impact gross margin. As people redeem, it tends to impact sales. And then over time, depending on how much breakage there is or isn't, that alters. But in general, we feel that even thus far with the investment, we've been able to maintain an overall strong profitability in the front end. As I said, the real magic starts to come through as we start to move towards critical mass of redemption. We're just getting to that point, but that's where we believe we can really move a bigger customer basket size and incent the most loyal. And so I guess, what I'd say is I think the team has done an outstanding job of not only executing and enrolling people but also really mitigating what in general can be a tremendous upfront cost. And so for the most part, we've been able to glide through that, and longer term, this, we believe, becomes a very accretive vehicle as well as something that differentiates us.
Wade D. Miquelon: Year by year by year, economics get better, so that doesn't mean necessarily in the next 30 days or whatever, there's a turning point. But I think the important thing is that we've done the upfront investment in systems. We've been able to do the heavy investment, enrolling a significant amount of people, and I think the real magic starts to happen as you get enough people with enough points that they can really redeem for things that are meaningful, and that's where we start to drive the [indiscernible]. So -- but year by year by year, it just gets better for us.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, Tom, I can't really give color for the plans. I think I can say obviously, 3 of those are, obviously, 3 of the bigger plans in the program. I think we're just excited that they chose us as a preferred partner for all the value and the services we bring. And certainly, this enrollment period, we spent a lot of time trying to help seniors understand how Walgreens being preferred in a Part D plan was a benefit to them. And we think that these 3 plans would probably be some of the top winners in the program, and we're positioned well with them. I think the data will come from the plans probably toward the end of January, but we think they're 3 of the top plans. We think they'll probably be highly successful. We're delighted to be a preferred provider with them.
Wade D. Miquelon: I mean, I think others have said that kind of the fiscal '13 is better than '12, and that's directionally true for us. I think that the general idea though is we've been working, in general, to have kind of more of what I would call corridors so that, again, it's not a game of how much you can make in the first couple of months, but it's really about sustainability of the economics. And so we feel very good about that. But I think, as I've said before, this is not a company to invest in just because of a generic wave, I think we're doing lots of things, some that over time are big and meaningful and much more sustainable than that as well. I think that's -- that's, I think, good. But I think that we've taken a very pragmatic approach on our contracting.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes, historically been on networks before, so we have quite a bit of experience of the rate we win back and ramp in. I think we continue to improve, as we would expect, quite nicely. So there's nothing that suggests thus far that this is going to be any different. I know people have maybe made predictions of what they think the end state of retention will be. But I guess, I would say that no one can really predict that. It's impossible to predict, but with respect to the trends that we're on now versus what we've seen historically, we're very optimistic.
Wade D. Miquelon: Win-back percentage is from the transfer file, so it is what it is. But I think that we know the percentage that were transferred out, and we've shown the percentage that are transferred back in, and it's -- in general, it seems to be pretty much the same percentages, which, again, tells us that people want to come back. The ones that want to come back to their pharmacy, want to come back and value it.
Wade D. Miquelon: It's pretty much the same, Ed. Remember when we gave the original guidance, we didn't know what the amortization component would be or the IFRS-to-GAAP adjustment. There's really no way to know that until you're very deep in the midst of it. So what we try to do is reconcile the $0.23, $0.27 to where we are today with those 2 adjustments in the lag. And effectively, we would have been higher than $0.23, $0.27, but that would have been with other adjustments that were unknowable at the time. But pretty much, we're exactly on track. And again, the impact of the lag is effectively $0.10, and that's -- versus the 1 month. It would be even greater if it was versus a 0 month.
Wade D. Miquelon: From Alliance Boots, the numbers that would get adjusted will be as apples-to-apples as ours as we can possibly do. So it will be FIFO to FIFO because that's our adjusted basis, the amortization they have of things like brands and customer relationships, things that don't decay are added back and then any truly special items, but it will be on a GAAP basis. So again, the numbers I quoted earlier in terms of their progress are IFRS. But when we report it in our numbers, we'll make our IFRS-to-GAAP adjustments, and the numbers you'll see for Alliance Boots will be as apples-to-apples as we can for our adjusted numbers on a U.S. GAAP basis.
Wade D. Miquelon: Just let me, rough, rule of thumb, the equity income, I believe, that you see there is kind of the after-tax effect, which is kind of circa 20% tax rate. There may be a little bit of a tick-up on things for [indiscernible]. But in general, our rate will be fairly close to their rate and the equity income. So it really depends, are there any items that would have [indiscernible] impact. But in general, these should be fairly small, so call it circa 20%, 21% is the effective tax rate you'll see coming through.
Wade D. Miquelon: Yes. You won't tax it again. There'll be a little bit of a [indiscernible] but it won't come in an after-tax rate plus the U.S tax rate.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes. John, good questions. And as I've said several times, the key to retail is trying to balance price and promotion in the right way. And we do think, obviously, that strategic shift in our promotional activity was due to having a Balance Rewards program that we knew we were going to be launching. So certainly, with our 45 million folks, we do believe -- I would agree with you, I think we'll probably begin to see basket increase first. I think with the way our program is designed, certainly, as more and more people gain points as they are doing and then begin to redeem them on rewards, especially during this holiday season, I think we'll see momentum in that being recognized as a real currency. That should indeed help drive sales next year, as well as traffic. At the same time, the good thing as well, as I pointed out, we're really driving our private brand penetration. We're up a couple of hundred basis points, as I said. The good thing there is that gives us some added margin that we can intelligently reinvest into the business, if needed. So we're going to continue to manage price and promotion intelligently. And we think we have, certainly, the advantage of Balance Rewards as it catches on to help us.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, I guess, we have to careful how we couch that, Deborah. But yes, certainly, we think, as we've been seeing, I think our flu shots remain strong, probably actually a second burst that we typically maybe wouldn't have seen but also cough and cold. We're seeing front-end categories that you would expect that are strong. We're also obviously seeing some prescription lift. So I think that when you're in the prescription business, you certainly -- you can capitalize on that. So I think we feel pretty good with this being, as the CDC said, the worst flu season in 10 years.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, I think we're seeing it probably throughout different channels by different players. But certainly, we're focused on what we think is the right thing to do for our business. But we're going to -- as I said, I think we're well positioned with the fact that we have 50 -- nearly -- we have about 45 million people on the Balance Rewards card, which is really just beginning to drive some momentum for us now that people understand the value of that currency. But it's kind of scattered by channel, by player.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, we're really excited with what Zon [ph] and our team are doing in e-com and mobile commerce, with building an omni channel solution. And as we've said, I think the value of our convenient brick-and-mortar locations, with convenient omni channel solution, positions us to do quite well going forward. Our e-com business continues to grow in line with the industry, and we continue to add additional items. The drugstore.com acquisition gave us -- extended our long tail, which gives us additional SKUs beyond what we carry in the store. Some of the -- some actually -- and interesting, some of the Alliance Boots products that we carry on beauty.com were some of our top items during the holiday season, so we think we -- there is an opportunity to bring even more of Alliance Boots expertise and product lines in our online offering.
Gregory D. Wasson: Well, Matt, first, as we said, we are pleased with the progress we're making. We're on track with what our expectation was at this point in time. You can see that, as we said, and suggested that you track our monthly comps and the progress we've made this past month -- or this past quarter. I think we're continuing to see and expect what we have forecast throughout next year. We think we can regain significant portion of these customers over time.
Gregory D. Wasson: Matt, I would go back to something Wade said earlier on an earlier question. This -- I want to remind everyone, this was a strategic shift in our promotional strategy plan over a year ago when we knew we were going to launch the Balance Rewards program. And certainly, with the advent of digital media, the decrease in paper -- in print media and the fact that we now have 45 million people with the Balance Rewards program, it gives us the ability to more surgically and efficiently use marketing dollars. And we're really having a good reception from our vendors, our partners, who are looking at this as a more efficient way to spend their dollars.
Gregory D. Wasson: Yes, Ed. Ed, maybe I'll start. And I know Wade's jumping to get in there as well, but I guess I'll start. We're certainly feeling good with where we are. We're on track. As I said, you can see it in our comp numbers up, so certainly, somebody is losing some share. With that said, that's one of the reasons we try to fill the pie chart up because I think that pie chart shows that, frankly, that they're coming from every player, it doesn't matter who you are and at the rate of what we lost them at. So bottom line is we feel good with our comps. We feel good with our win-back, and I can't help you with that disconnect but -- other than the fact that we feel good with where we are.
Edward J. Kelly: Greg and Wade, could you maybe help us reconcile comments related to the ESI recapture versus what we're hearing from some of the other chain drugstores? You seem to be happy with the way things are progressing. They seem to be talking about very high retention rates. The scripts that you're getting back so far, are -- is it the case that they may be coming from other channels other than chain drug? Just trying to understand how we get 2 different stories.
Edward J. Kelly: Okay. And then on Alliance Boots, if I take the number that you, I guess, would have earned this quarter if you didn't have the issue with the lag versus what you're going to make the next 3 quarters, it seems like that maybe the accretion guidance went up, although I think there might be a timing issue in here. So when we think about the accretion for the full year with Alliance Boots and what it would have been if we had the full year without the lag issue, did you raise it or is it the same? So I'm trying understand.
Edward J. Kelly: Okay. And Wade, could you maybe do us a favor, and as we think about when you report adjusted EPS going forward, what numbers are you going to be excluding from that? Obviously, it's LIFO and stuff, but what about the amortization step-up, the GAAP adjustments? I don't know exactly what's going to be excluded and what's not.
