Tim Wentworth: Thanks, Lisa. A lot there. So I'll take the first part and probably have Rick Gates add a little color. We'll have Mary take your question and then Manmohan goes ahead and talk about the back half of the year into ‘25. In terms of new reimbursement models, growth, et cetera, you clearly, as we said, I think last quarter, we're now just coming into the ‘25 conversations that are more structured with payers, particularly PBMs, as it relates to reimbursement. And what I would say, which is what I've said in my prepared remarks as well, is we are having very constructive conversations as well as ad hoc conversations with certain payers, which continue to lead me to believe in our team to have confidence that there are multiple ways for us to create value for payers and that the pressures on reimbursement, that there's a clear acknowledgement, let me say it that way, that just playing the way we've been playing for the last 25 years is not going to work. And I think everyone acknowledges that. And the conversation of how we help the PBMs win in their marketplaces with this drive to higher transparency, more member friendliness and so forth really actually aligns us quite well in those conversations. I don't know Rick if you want to take and add any color to those conversations your team is obviously very close to them.
Tim Wentworth: And thanks Rick. So bottom line, Lisa, that this area we're realistic. We know that the longer term structural changes that are very likely to occur will take multiple years and we're prepared. We're also working with our distributor to reconfigure the way that we work with them to ensure that we are again making sure that the value that flows to us as well as through us is what it should be Mary, I’ll let just briefly comment on the Lisa’s second question.
Tim Wentworth: We had some of those underway. I expect them to accelerate meaningfully with Mary’s arrival. And by the way this is an appropriate time for me to also thank John Driscoll. In my prepared remarks I did not do that and of course John actually helped me find and recruit Mary. John did a lot of terrific work during his time here at WBA. I look forward to continuing to work with him in a different role as an advisor through the end of the year. So thank you to John. And then finally, Manmohan, I'm sure Lisa's not the only one with a question as it relates to the second half and so I want you to take that.
Tim Wentworth: Sure. Thanks. I'll start and turn it over to Rick. First of all, I would prefer that Dave and the Lilly team talk about their strategy, but that being said, first of all, I'd point out we have a direct relationship with literally every American, and it may not be in their funded benefit in all cases, but they come into our stores for a lot of other things. And so I love where we start when it comes to looking at programs where pharma companies may want to go direct to patients for a particular product where the normal supply chain reimbursement model, et cetera isn't working effectively. I think if you look at the GLP-1s, for example, the adherence on those drugs over a reasonable period of time is not what I believe anybody would hope for, not the patients, not the payers to the extent that it's a paid for product, and certainly not the innovators. And so we are uniquely positioned to be a partner. It's one thing to have a distribution partner. It's another thing to have a clinically aligned partner that can actually help a patient work their way through safely, because I believe the companies that made these products also want to ensure that they retain a high safety profile, otherwise there will be other issues downstream which are not what anybody would want. So we think we are a natural partner for those things, and Rick, I'll let you add any color there, but from our perspective, again, our ability to work on a product basis, direct with pharma, is unencumbered by any of our other relationships, so Rick.
Tim Wentworth: No, really nothing to add. I mean, we've had a longstanding relationship with Cencora. I did prior in another life. And that relationship has always got to be organic and dynamic, because the market changes. And while a long-term relationship is a great context into which to operate, it's important that as well we sit down as we do with Cencora and look at not only where is it working, but where might it work a bit better? And more importantly, over the next three years, where are the changes in the marketplace likely to manifest? And how do we make sure that we retain a contemporary and a competitive situation as it relates to our cost structure, as it relates to the services that we receive, as it relates to the things that we can provide as a good partner? So all of those things are things that we throw on the table. And I look forward to working with, I know my team does, with Bob in his new role. I congratulate Steve, who had a terrific run there and was a great partner to me over a lot of years. But again, you can't just sit still, and we're not going to.
Tim Wentworth: Great. Thanks. I'll have Rick take the first part of your question, and then I'll Manmohan takes a second and I will take third.
Tim Wentworth: George, let me be real clear, because I don' t think it was ambiguous but we have been over the last several months digging deeply into the core business as well as every piece of our portfolio obviously the big chunks you know what they are and with their brand names are and so forth, but also looking at our store footprint, looking as you heard before, our suppliers and our assortment, look at manager compensation, looking at workflow design and pharmacies, and working with deans as well as looking our automation. But when you step back to the large piece, to your sum of the parts question, obviously we're very conscious of that fact. We have about a half a dozen things that need to either fit, they need to synergize, the need to offer upside in a long-term runway for growth either by themselves or perhaps combined with other things, they need to unlock capabilities that we would otherwise not be able to have unlocked or else we need find a better place for them. And so from our perspective I can tell you that for example Mary on the US Healthcare side which has its own collection of assets independent from Boots and Shields and CareCentrix and in the businesses that we have. Mary has been doing a complete strip down of every one of those businesses and looking at both is it staffed right, is it built for growth, do the market support growth and this is going to culminate in part and let me be really clear. I don't want to send a message that there's some big bang coming but that when we sit down with our board at the end of April, we are going give them outside in context about the forces in healthcare over the next 5 to 10 years we're going then look at how does that impact the people that we serve, both the payers, the health systems, the consumers, the patients, pharma companies and then we are going to make a series of either recommendations or next steps so that the board is very clear where we're headed in some things. We have some things already underway as part of this as we go from examining things to testing markets and so forth, I'm not going to get detailed at this point about that. Other than to say again, it's dynamic. It is across the company and I am super excited to have a fully staffed executive committee based here in Chicago to do it alongside me.
Tim Wentworth: Thank you, operator. And thank you for your questions and your time today. As we close, I just want just quickly remind you what you've heard today. Our second quarter operational results were in line with our expectations despite continued challenges in the US retail environment. We drove solid execution. I'm very, very proud of the team and cost discipline in our US Retail Pharmacy segment with continued strong performance in International and we had our first quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA in U.S. Healthcare. Now, driven by our recently solidified leadership team, I would remind all of you that there are, one member of the team actually is starting in two weeks, but basically now we're all around the table. We have come together to be committed to an intense review in the coming months and to the hard work that's going to ensure that each asset in our portfolio advances our expansion into the fastest growing areas of healthcare. And as you saw this quarter, we are willing to revalue things that we take a second look at and make difficult decisions. And we're going to do that, not in one big bang, but as it becomes obvious to us on a situation by situation basis that we can act. And, as I said before, everything is on the table as we identify opportunities that unlock value, validate existing pathways, and lead WBA into a successful future. We look forward to continuing to keep you updated on our progress, and again, thank you.
Rick Gates: Yes. Lisa, this is Rick. and I'll just add we are just in earnest starting up that this calendar year ’25 negotiations but I will say you also talked about some of the expanded services. We have gotten traction not only on our inherent based programs and our performance against those to continue to get more inherent based contracts going forward, vaccines have been a very strong part of what we're doing but we're working very closely in the selling cycle right now when it comes to testing, test and treat as we expand those opportunities across the country as well and that the pay by state really process ever going through until there's a federal provider status which Tim talked about his remarks.
Rick Gates: Yes. The only thing I'd add is, you said we have relationships with whatever consumer walks into our store. We have a relationship with every pharma company. And I think what they see with us is that we are a natural partner. We roll up our sleeves. We help them solve what they're really trying to solve for. And I think that's a natural place first at that, because we are an independent provider. If you think about it that way, we don't have any other assets vertically integrated. And so I think we're a natural partner for them. And I think they see us as a willing partner to help them really drive programs in the market.
Rick Gates: Yes, and just to answer on the [DER] fees and impacts that we might be seeing there outside of obviously cash flow, which obviously works its way out throughout the year. We really aren't seeing a negative impact on reimbursement. By and large, what we're seeing is that we are contracting for the rates that we were performing against either historically and or even if there was a negative impact on the reimbursement, we were signing and pay for performance contracts that we have the ability to overperform on. And so I would say that DER-C has been really neutral to us when you look at it from a reimbursement perspective.
Rick Gates: George, thanks for the question. The push-pull when it comes to some reimbursement model changes, I would say we obviously work with PBMs hand-in-hand to understand what payers are looking for in the marketplace and the ecosystem. If obviously, they're looking for a standard-based reimbursement model, an AWP-based model. We have those with them. If they are look for cost-plus models or other types of reimbursement models, we work with them to make sure they have the solutions to go to payers that may be looking forward. So right now, I think it's an opportunity for us to continue to put different types of models in a market and then see what a payer uptake really looks like and really try to advance those models as we move forward.
Manmohan Mahajan: Sure, Tim. So Lisa, this is Manmohan. As you think about the building blocks for ‘25, let me start by saying we're not providing FY25 guidance on this call. As you heard in Tim's prepared remarks, we are working through a strategic review with the executive team in place now and a detailed three year plan and so we will share that input over the next three to six months. But let me share some themes as you think about the second half and as you think about ‘25. In terms of second half, a couple of things to point out that I think are obvious and you understand. One is we do not expect any meaningful contributions from sale leaseback in the second half. And so it's pretty clean in terms of not including any sale leaseback gains from that perspective. And second is the lower adjusted effective tax rate, the timing of that played out for us in the second quarter. And so we do expect a much more normalized tax rate in the second half. Now, as you think about bridging into ‘25, a couple of themes to consider. First, U.S. Healthcare growth, you see that we're maintaining our guidance on adjusted EBITDA, which is at the midpoint of the range, $375 million increase year-over-year in fiscal ‘24. And so we do see as we look ahead into ‘25, we do see growth continuing in healthcare. Village, we expect to continue to drive growth as they focus on the core markets, as well as continue on their cost actions that they are going through this year. So that's one part. Shields obviously continues to grow throughout the year. And we do expect them to continue to grow into fiscal ‘25. Second, cost savings. If the actions we have taken in the first half will have a ramp up effect in the second half, we're not done yet. We continue to make decisions to right-size our cost structure here at WBA. And so we do expect a wraparound effect of that into fiscal ‘25. Third, retail business in the US, as I shared in my prepared remarks, we have seen headwinds persisting for longer than expected in the US retail environment. And we have lowered our expectation for the second half or for the full year fiscal ‘24 to a negative 3% comp. Now within that, we do expect slight improvement over time in the second half as the actions that Tracey and the team are taking will take hold and will drive certain level of improvement. So I don't think about what that is going to be into ‘25. And then maybe the last piece on this is, our business does have some seasonality and so pharmacy services business which has really performed strong throughout the first half and that does generate significantly higher contributions in the first half compared to the second half of the year, couple flu season does have both impact on our pharmacy business in the US as well as on the retail business in the US and the timing of that on a more normalized basis does play out more in the first half than in the second half. And lastly just on the seasonality pieces, another example is Boots which does have higher contributions in the holiday seasons in the first half. So we've got a factor those, I just want to make sure you have those things.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, let me dig the guidance first and then Rick can talk about [DER-C] a little bit more. So from a guidance perspective, if you think about the midpoint of the range, you're calculating in the second half and thinking about ‘25 and the first on the tax rate side, we expect fairly normalized tax rate for the second half. We did have a significant benefit that be recognized in the second quarter and timing of that played out here. So, that I think is, there is no more headwind from taxes if that's your starting point for fiscal ‘25. And then, yes, as I said, I thing a couple of themes to consider. First is U.S. Healthcare growth, significant growth expected. We're maintaining guidance in fiscal ‘24. And as we look out, we do see growth continuing both at Shields as well as at Village as they concentrate on their core markets and continue to drive the cost down in the business. Our own cost savings initiatives, we've talked about $1 billion of cost saving from the year and we're on track to achieve that. And there are actions that we will continue to take in the second half. And so you will see, a, wraparound benefit into ‘25 as well as the new initiatives that'll continue on cost efficiency side. I talked about retail, negative 3% comp expected for the year as we thought about the second half guidance or second half implied guidance. And so we do see, however, it improving over time slightly. And to going into ‘25, the actions that Tracey just talked about and team is taking, they will take hold. And I think that we do expect some improvement in ‘25 for that. And then seasonality, I think you got a factor in as well. You talked about earlier in the call around vaccine portfolio, obviously there's seasonally there, cold, cough, flu, there is seasonality there and Boots, there is a season there. So yes, those are maybe some of the things that you want to consider.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, from a cadence perspective, I think what we're looking at here is fairly balanced here in third and fourth quarter.
Manmohan Mahajan: Yes, sure. So, look, as you think of the second half implied guide, a couple of factors to consider. And I'll go through the in-order retail is the biggest factor from a second half perspective. We have seen the challenging environment continues to persist for longer than expected. And so we are lowering our expectation. I think we were at low single digits and now we're expecting negative 3% comp. So that is going into it. Our decision to early winddown the sale leaseback program, as well as our decision, to sell Cencora shares through block trade versus using a VPS structure variable prepaid forward structure, is creating additional headwinds as I think about the guidance we provided last quarter. So those are three headwinds and the offset to that from a full year perspective is obviously one of the factors that the favorable tax rate we have in the year, now the timing of that has played out in the second quarter. Now you had some specific questions on the script, and how do we think about that? If you think about the second quarter, our comp script growth ex-immunization of 2.9% fairly consistent with we're market was we were holding our share. And as we think about, rest of the second half of the year. We expect us to continue to grow in line with the market it and hold the share. So that's kind of the expectation we have on the script side. On healthcare, look, Village continues to take decisions to rightsize their cost structure and think about their clinical footprint. And they did make the decision to exit certain more locations. To us, to us, we are very pleased with reaching the first quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA in the segment. We want to be -- we want take a prudent approach for the next half and therefore we just continue to maintain the guidance we have.
