Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Gerald and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to say that the fourth quarter earnings that we have announced today are at the upper end of the guidance we provided for the quarter. In common with many other businesses, COVID had a material impact on the year, most notably in the second half, and as a consequence, this pulled down our results for the year as a whole. This has been a very difficult time, but as you would expect, we are proving to be very resilient. We are financially robust with strong and reliable cash flow, driven in part by our brand and customer loyalty. And this has allowed us to continue to invest in modernizing our company. We are confident we will come out of this in better shape as an organization. There is nothing that should surprise you in what we have reported today. James and Alex will take you through the quarter in detail in a moment and provide our initial thoughts on what you should expect for the year ahead. Clearly, there are still many uncertainties around COVID in terms of the development of the pandemic and how governments worldwide will continue to respond. However, in the last quarter, we have seen signs of improvement in customer trends and as a result the decline of our business has notably slowed. In addition, there is clear evidence that as and when the restrictions lift, customers do come back to us, both physical in store and through omnichannel. And while some elements of our business maybe changed forever, our positioning with the communities we serve remains strong. As we look at our business going forward, we see opportunities as well as risks, and we are making every effort to ensure we are well placed to maximize the opportunities. It is clear, however, that pharmacy will continue to play an ever greater role in local community health and management, through testing, and potentially through vaccination. For some times, we have talked of our work to accelerate the digitalization of our company. Initially, much of this work was going on behind the scenes, moving it to a more cloud-based data structure and putting in place the systems and structures to use this data more effectively. As you will hear from Alex in a moment, the benefits of this work are now becoming more evident with notable improvements to our customer experience at a time when demand for our omnichannel solutions has never been greater. Throughout this crisis, the vital role that pharmacy plays for the customers we serve has been comprehensively proven. It is a great tribute to our teams that we have continued to service our pharmacy patients without major disruptions to drug availability, or to our high standards of care. Looking forward to 2021 and beyond, we have initiatives underway to further strengthen the bond we have with our customers, whether they choose to interact with us physically, obviously, driving volumes in both pharmacy and retail. There is no doubt that all markets and many businesses will continue to face the negative impacts of COVID in fiscal year 2021, and it is expected that the next two quarters that we'll see difficult trading conditions. However, we are optimistic that we will see a market recovery as the year progresses. In our own businesses, we expect to see a significant improvement in our performance in the second half of the year. The work we are doing to address the challenges, give us confidence that we will come out of the year strongly, and consistently deliver long-term sustainable growth. I will hand you over to James now to go through the results we have announced today in detail.
Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Alex. We have come through unprecedented market condition, but we are on our way to putting that behind us and the work we are doing gives us ground for optimism. As you have heard, we expect the first half of the year will be challenging, but we are optimistic of a recovery in the second half. You have heard from Alex about the exciting changes underway in our omnichannel offerings. There is much more to come as the work on each of our key strategic priorities increasingly breakthrough and revitalizes our business. We look forward to begin able to share more about these initiatives in the months to come. While we deliver on our strategic priorities, we are also constantly reviewing the shape and structure of the company to ensure we are best positioned to recover this company, as return to stable and reliable growth. The changes in management responsibility for Alex and [Indiscernible], our co-COO announced last quarter allowing us a renewed focus and clarity on our business and that helping deliver these changes. The appointment of Jeff Berkowitz, as President of Walgreens will again allow Alex to focus law service attention on the digitalization work and data initiative. Now, I know there is much interest in the work we are doing to identify a new CEO, as I move to the Executive Chairman. All I can say is that, the work the board is doing to identify the right person is well underway. And we will update you when we have something to report. That said, as I hope you can see this is not delaying our progress, I and the entire team as committed as ever to driving this company forward. We will continue to strive to deliver high service level for our customers, innovative and relevant products for the communities we serve and true value for our shoulders. We are navigating to a global pandemic, but the work that we have done and the trends that we are seeing in the market, gives us confidence for our future. Thank you. We will now take your question.
Stefano Pessina: As James said, we have a very good cash flow. So, we are not worried about the future, and we believe that we can fund all the initiatives that we have. About our joint ventures outside the U.S., really, most of them are very, very promising, and it would be a pity not to exploit the situation and wait for them to mature before thinking of divesting them. In reality, we are always open, as you -- as we have said many times, and as you know, to any kind of this, provide this creates value. And so we are not really -- it's very, very focused in keeping all the participations or the joint ventures that we have. If we were offered good opportunities, we would take them. But we are not under pressure. We believe that we can manage our finance very, very well, as James has said. Because remember that this company maybe can suffer from time to time, but is always able to deliver a very strong cash flow. This year, it has been a very difficult year with the COVID and that cash -- the free cash flow this year is better than last year.
Stefano Pessina: And by the way -- by the way, we have just made the initial investment, and all the growth up to now has been self-funded in China.
James Kehoe: Okay. Well we are not providing specific information on the impact of COVID, you're on here. First of all because it's just too complex, the further you move on to the crisis, the further, the more difficult it becomes the SEC market moves, versus market share moves, versus margin moves. While we would say as you build out your scenarios is. And you have to get comfortable with the quarterly progression. If we were to give a ballpark estimate, you could look at probably the best analog is, in Q3 we have $0.63 impact. In Q4 we had a $0.46 impact. If you were to plot out the first two quarters, you're probably looking at something between $0.35 -- sorry between $0.25 and $0.30 of COVID in each quarter. And that part we can still follow the logic of the calculation we did in the second half of the year. So we have about 28 percentage points of EPS pressure from COVID in the first half. Now none that becomes a much more complicated discussion on what comes back from the prior year impacts. And you recall some of our comments on the last call; we believe the recovery will span a multi-year period, and at least two years, especially in the U.K. So, factors that come into this for example is, you know, we were very successful in the Q4 in the U.K. in regaining some footfall into the stores. But on the flipside is our shares with the exception of beauty remains significantly down, because most shopping is occurring in grocery stores. So, the key question becomes is, how long does it take to recover the share from the grocers, and that's like you need a crystal ball. So, we've -- you know as we've done together our forecasts, we will ensure business by business, nothing reasonable set of assumptions for each quarter. And as we went through to become more and more difficult to dissect what's COVID and what isn't COVID. You know, the other side of it is then we want to make a strong statement though on the recovery, so I'm sure you'll appreciate the 30% to 40% EPS growth in the second half, purely assumes recovery from COVID impacts in the prior period. The question is, what happens in the successive years? And as I said, we don't have a crystal ball. So, the key message we give is though we sold definitely green shoots, particularly on the top line in the U.S., and in the U.K. in Q4, we expect continued impacts in Q1, but we expect to exit the year with quite a bit of strength as the EPS guidance would suggest.
James Kehoe: Okay. I think if you look at structural cost as a result of COVID, I believe the impact in 2020 was $150 million kind of number, of which there was about $50 million in the fourth quarter. So if you were looking forward, there is -- even if you have the same cost for the entire year, it's $200 million, but we won't have the same costs for the entire year. You'll continue to have sanitation and I don't see that going down in the first half. So you could plot out, 50 each quarter for the first half. But thereafter, once vaccinations become more prevalent, we would expect lesser ongoing costs. You asked for headwinds pluses and minuses. One is we did call out acts as a headwind. It's not significant, it's one point. We also called out -- see, we've got significant investments behind IT and digital agenda. And that's a headwind about 3% on EPS. And I really want that to be clear they are -- we are stepping up our game in terms of what we're going to. We will surround the consumer with a massive set of choices on how they want to interact, whether it’d be physical or online or e-commerce, and it will be a totally omnichannel approach, both pharmacy and retail. And this will be going on the entire year of 2021 then we will have successive streams of new news over the coming quarters on this. So, that is a headwind. The other one is we obviously won't pay out a full bonus this year and next year we'll have a bonus headwind. I can't give you the precise number. So, we've incorporated all these headwinds. We also on the 340B question before. Based on our -- the scenario planning, we wouldn't have any material impact on the guidance we just gave. When you look forward that on COVID, I given the numbers, roughly, if you think about next year or the coming year, the first half, it's a $250 million to $300 million per quarter for two quarters. That's a rough number. So, it's a $500 million to $600 million negative impact in the first half. And it's very hard to dissect how much of the prior year impact is coming back in the second half. And we can't give any more than that. We’ll update as the quarters -- as we go through the quarters. And as I said, we were pleasantly surprised in Q4. We continue to see decent progress in the month in -- of September. It doesn't indicate opportunity, but neither does it indicate risk. So, we're feeling fairly comfortable about the guidance we just gave.
James Kehoe: Yeah, I’ll just give a very good perspective on capital, and then I'll pass it over to Stefano for some comments. If you look back overtime, we have spent capital over the last five years; it averages about $1.4 billion a year. We did call out that in the course of 2020, we deferred expenditure of about $300 million and we just actually couldn't execute the programs. The great example is the SAP program. We deferred for a couple of months at the peak of COVID, because it was too complex for the in-store employees to manage COVID and the systems implementation at the same time. So we ended at $1.4 billion. We expected to spend $1.7 billion in 2020. And this money will slide into 2021. So, we would expect the capital allocation in 2021 probably to be in the region of somewhere between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion, depending on various investments we plan on making. And, you know, we're quite comfortable with the level and we have the funding to do that. So, maybe I'll pass over for -- to Stefano for his comments.
James Kehoe: But George, I would agree with one thing. The China JV is not adequately valued in our portfolio. What's really happened is we've doubled the size -- the store portfolio up to 7,500 stores. We have a significant position now in China, and we have a 40% stake in very collaborative partnership. We believe the business we would prefer to let it grow on the current path for -- 12 months to 24 months. But it is significantly undervalued in terms of the future potential. So, I think, I fully agree with what you just said.
James Kehoe: Yes, I'll just give you -- we're not going to give free cash flow guidance because it's quite volatile how it comes out. What I'll give you, though, is two things. One is we have this slippage between the two years of $300 million of CapEx. That's the only material item. I do want to call out what happened in 2020. We actually -- the biggest single driver has been working capital improvement year-on-year and its $1.4 billion. And we've estimated that of that, about $850 million is actually coming from working capital initiatives. And all I would say at this stage is we have a similar, if not, bigger number coming on 2021. So, we expect a very big positive coming from working capital in 2021, offset to some extent by the slippage of $300 million of CapEx between two years. So, we are very, very confident on the long-term ability to drive substantial cash flow in the business. But each -- we don't want to give guidance because it's quite volatile depending on the investment decisions we've taken here.
James Kehoe: Let me just cover the -- COVID, again. Its $0.20 -- as I said, $0.25 to $0.30. So, call it, $250 million to $300 million in each quarter, so a total of $500 million to $600 million in the first half. That would assume -- the best way to think about this is in the U.K., specifically, it would assume maybe a 5 percentage point improvement in comp sales versus the Q4. So, it does not substantially improve on the profile versus Q4, as we said on the comments gradual improvement. If there was a significant lockdown, it would have a negative impact versus what we just provided as guidance. The question is, we don't believe – we probably think the U.K. is the one country where there might lockdowns. It's quite unpredictable. We don't see a major risk of lockdowns in the U.S. There might be the local lockdowns, but not nationwide. So, the U.K., you're right to ask the question, so it could present risk for the projections. What we clearly said in the remarks, though, there's two pieces of the remarks. We said is we didn't assume large-scale lockdowns, but we also didn't assume any contributions from vaccinations. Our way of looking at this is the risk of large-scale lockdowns has a lower probability, but it's a larger number. And then the likely upside coming from vaccinations is medium to high probability, but it's a lower number. And we'd see both of those factors being somewhat balanced. But I fully agree with your question is, if there's going to be a tighter lockdown, it's going to be in the U.K. And our issue, if you think about it, isn't across the entire store portfolio. Our issue in the U.S. and our issue in the U. K. is the exact same. It's the big cities and it's better – that are dependent on tourism as well, and it's anything we have in tourist destination. So it's airports, train stations. Our U.K. business has a significant predominant SKU to large cities and tourist locations. And then the biggest shortfalls we're seeing in the U.S. are in New York, Chicago, San Francisco, again, large cities with concentrated groups of people and large amounts of tourism. So, we actually gave the point in the script. If you take these large urban destinations, they're down 39% in terms of foot traffic. It's less in terms of revenue. It's about 24%. But if you actually take the flip side of that, our rural stores in the U. S. are up 12%. So, there -- it's a tale of two cities if you like so. The lockdown, our concern is most in the U.K. is around the London area and the big cities, a widespread lockdown as a much lesser impact. So, I hope that's helpful as it's been through your modeling.
James Kehoe: Yes, that's a tough question on the economic one because it actually completely merges with your assessment on the impacts of COVID. But I think it's a fair question. If you go back, a year ago, we would have said that the model of the company was to grow scripts at 4% to 5% range. We've assumed, in general, an economic impact and that's mixed with COVID of about one percentage point, in general across both retail and both -- and pharmacy in the U.S. So, we've looked at the economics. We've actually seen it play out in the most recent quarter. So, we had quite a strong June, July and some slowdown was evident in August and a slight slowdown in September as well because there was less stimulus money out there. And you can actually see the impacts. So -- and I think you see it across retail, in general. So, a lot does depend -- the forecast do depend on the stimulus that are put in the market by -- particularly in the U.S., which is very sensitive for this. But as I said, I think if you were to plot out a pharmacy business, you'd have to assume that there's probably a 1% plus headwind in 2021, essentially coming from the fact that in the earlier part of the year, you have less new scripts, new therapy scripts, and you do have some economic impacts. And then you have an economic impact on the front of store of probably the same percentage point. Bear in mind, as you plot this out, we did a comp in the U.S. business of 1.6 in the full year of 2020. It's unlikely to be in excess of 1.6 in 2021, because if you follow what I just said, you've got a negative economic impact and the front of store did benefit from COVID-related stock building and the PPE category during the course of 2020. So I think the growth rate in retail will moderate year-on-year, and the growth rate in -- the script growth will probably go up slightly, because we had a very poor Q3 in 2020. So it's really hard to dissect out the economics. But as we put our plans together, we had like a point to 1.5 points in our head as economic impact. We've built in an assumption of a second stimulus of $600, which couldn't happen largely. There's only select states that have put in maybe $300. So -- but there's pluses and minuses in every forecast in the ACA.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, hi, Justin. And I’ll maybe – I don't have insights to what James has said on COVID-21 -- year 2020, but what I'll maybe deal with is 340B piece of the question. We think that -- you know, obviously we think that it’s been overstated, the numbers have been overstated, it's been quoted in the marketplace. Clearly, you know there's a challenge here, but there's also legal challenges coming back in terms of the hospital systems, there's significant bipartisan support for the current 340B program, which allows access to required medications in hospitals. And, you know, we feel good that we are well positioned whatever happens in this marketplace, we provide an essential service to thousands in moving the customers with these drugs, in partnership with the hospital partners. So that's where we are and of course, I will wait for the legal case in particular to be settled.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. And I think just one thing to add to what James has said, which is -- and obviously said in the prepared remarks, we've got new technologies in data. We spoke about the SAP system is one example coming forward that's really driving operational efficiency along, of course, with our ongoing successful cost management program. So these things intertwine with the cost question is as well, Michael. On Prime, and -- we continue to have a great relationship with Prime. We reset the contract with them, as you're aware, in the network, and we continue to be really pleased with the growth that we are getting with Prime in that contract. We continue to partner JV for Specialty, and we continue to work constructively to make that particular offering even more relevant in the marketplace. Of course, the marketplace is changing, as we all know, and especially the big focus for many, many people in the marketplace, but we continue to be very positive with the relationship going forward and the opportunity to grow with Prime Therapeutics.
Alex Gourlay: And Stefano, on the NHS funding piece, I mean, we're really aware of the government proposal there. And therefore, you should expect that all to be in our guidance, the ebbs and flows of working capital between the two years.
Alex Gourlay: I'll just add one thing, Ricky, on this point in the U.K. As James said in prepared comments, the growth on the line in the U.K. has been great. The capacity has been expanded. So, we're in a much better position to manage that risk and were at the start of the pandemic. And it was brand continues to be very strong in health and beauty. So, again, I think we can manage that. That's my memory building what James said.
Alex Gourlay: In the future there is going to be probably a search of the CEO, of course, the Board is going to a total analysis, and they have created a committee, and we cannot give information on what is happening, as you understand. Clearly, if you look at what we have told you in the last quarters, you all -- will see that we are doing a big effort in modernizing our company and digitalizing our company, even though it's not evident, we are really changing everything in our company. And so the new Chief Executive must be someone, willing to continue this transformation for sure. Must be someone who understands their care for sure, but I cannot give further details now.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, I'll maybe speak to the investment point. First of all, in terms of when will customers see the investment and then for when it will impact business. So, I think what today we've announced, Bob is really significant, it really is the re-platforming of a loyalty card under myWalgreens. You're going to see this happen in November, first of all, digitally then physically. And you'll see as talking directly to 100 million of our loyal customers about the additional benefits they're going to get from their business with Walgreens. And I think it's going to have elements, for example of digital wallet, digital receipts. It's going to have a lot of health information coming through as well. And that's the start of the transformation, of this approach and what we call our customer engagement platform. And it's all built on personalization, as I described in the prepared comments, which we're feeling really good about as we've invested already with Microsoft and moving our data to the cloud, has already really invested, understanding different ways to talk to customers in a more personalized way through our mass personalization. You saw the numbers in the prepared remarks. Secondly, which we think is really differentiating. We've always spoken about the positioning of our last mile with our pharmacies being within 10 minutes of 75% of Americans. So, this idea of an as little as 30 minutes offering a pickup, we think redefines convenience for us and also for the marketplace. And that starts like tomorrow and will be complete across America by late -- mid-to-late November in every single store. So these are real impacts on how customers will experience the Walgreens brand, both in the front end and the pharmacy. And we'll continue to building out as well. So, you can tell my excitement. I hope this has been a long time building. It's a big organization to build us out and we've got some great support from the talent we've taken to the business and also from our great partners like Microsoft, Adobe and SAP. So, we're getting going. And, of course, we're going to see the impact on our business, particularly in the second half of 2021.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, I'll have to deal with ACA. So I think our strategy has always been to take care of customers and be very customer-focused. I've explained in the last time before. When do you think of how this will affect you the pharmacy business, for example, which is our core business, we have under representation in the Medicaid space today in Walgreens because the majority of it is Managed Medicaid, and we've not been particularly successful at getting in these now networks because we don't have relationship with a key PBM here that we are -- one to have, to be honest, and I think that's pretty clear. However, there's a lot of movement in this space. For example, California and New York are talking about going back to fee-for-service. And, in fact, the Governors in states have already authorized that, and it's likely to happen next year. So as you think of Affordable Care Act, as you think of access, giving more access to more patients to more health care services, including pharmacies, we think our strategy is well positioned and we continue to work very, very hard to make sure we get our cost right, we get our care right. And we, in particular, focus on our key strength of pharmacy and health care services. That's just one example, we think if things go blue in America would be Medicaid and how these networks may change in the future.
