Wade Miquelon: No, obviously its $500 million net benefit year to year but we wanted to is point out that if you do the reconciliation of where one time costs have gone because some of those one time costs go in items like COGS but the SG&A impact if $425 million. The total impact in terms of P&L is $500 million. We can give you the detailed breakdown of again where the benefits are coming through and where the costs, then you can do the reconciliation from SG&A to COGS and other.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, there’s zero change. As we give the detail on the P&L line items thought I don’t think we’ve ever done a clear reconciliation of exactly how the difference hits the various lines and that’s what we want to do here.
Wade Miquelon: A little bit, but I’d say it’s always going to be a little bit lumpy because different initiatives are time for time. Things like inventories clean out when they clean out and the other ones depending on when they’re announced or when they’re planned they can have different impacts. Yes, it’s going to build but I wouldn’t say it was perfectly linear. We can’t always even predict it exactly because of the timing of certain events.
Wade Miquelon: As I alluded to, we actually didn’t have a lot of days from the time we announced the program to where we weren’t in blackout. I think given that, actually $150 million was pretty good. I don’t know exactly, I hesitate to through a number out there but I can say we certainly, $150 million doesn’t reflect that we weren’t confident in buying our stock back, it was really just a matter of number of trading days we had available. We are, by the way setting up a 10B-5 so that we’ll be able to be able to purchase even when we are in blackout systemically through the rules of that program.
Wade Miquelon: We’re completely confident in the savings we’re going to deliver. If some of these components, I’m not sure that everyone has the same understanding and clarity of the different building blocks of how we get there. For example, when you think about the impact of SG&A on new stores it’s not the number you do for the year it’s the 12 year impact that you cycle and that’s considerably higher. You’ve got all the building blocks now to do the math but again making sure that people have the understanding and the clarity of what goes in there I think is important so that over time people can see the direct impact of the rewire initiative and how it flows through.
Wade Miquelon: No, they’re always factored into the costs and it pretty much done in parallel. Again, making sure that we have it right is important to the overall proposition.
Wade Miquelon: The big idea here we call it is transform community pharmacy of which power as you know is one initiative, there’s other things; dynamic work load balancing, some of the reengineering efforts we’re doing. So far so good in power. As you know, we’re strong in two states now and Florida is over 10% of our business. We’ve rolled out now in Arizona, Phoenix. So far, so good. We’re seeing, again good customer service levels now, we’re seeing more importantly a lot of time freed up for other things.  In Florida in flu shots we gave 15% or more of our total flu shots in Florida with out adding any overtime pay. Honestly that would not have been possible or even remotely possible without the power initiative to pull some of that transactional work out. We feel very good about it. Again, its taking a shorter time to fill pharmacy and wait times is one of the key elements of success so that’s helping as well. We feel good about it and we feel that both the front end and the central fill have broader applications across the country.
Wade Miquelon: Even though our traffic has been robust as Greg suggested over the quarter it was a bit heavier in September/October driven by the flu shot traffic. Still even as today we still feel pretty good about what we’re seeing in the numbers.
Wade Miquelon: The rewire for growth initiative which will have ultimately $1 billion benefit. In the short term some of the one time costs are in things like SG&A, consulting fees and reduction in force, etc. A lot of the one time costs are in cost of goods for inventory write downs due to sku elimination and the like. It’s the timing of the one times in cost of goods year on year that means that defacto all of this doesn’t flow net to SG&A. We can give a reconciliation table but you’ll see year by year benefit and year by year costs and some of those costs end up being in SG&A and some of those costs end up being COGS and some end up being in other. You have to reconcile each one of those to know where the net impact shakes out.
Wade Miquelon: There are a lot of different puts and calls. Obviously we had the basic flu in this quarter and then next quarter we’ll have some H1N1, how much remains to be seen. Those are effectively helps because of margin and how that flows through. We also have some other things like reimbursement pressure which might have slight different timing quarter to quarter. Again, it’s probably a little bit too early to say how all those will flow through exactly especially because H1N1 remains a little bit of an unknown for now.
Wade Miquelon: The CCR costs, effectively almost all of it is incremental. Its really because of the nature of how we’re executing it, we’re doing it very quick, we’re using onsite crews and things to make sure we have minimal disruption in our stores. Again, we’re hoping the benefits of CCR help close to pay for this thing on the run. That’s how we’ve positioned and talked about that. Again, I think in terms of the size of the investment its actually pretty miniscule investment relative to the impact that we get from the stores and expect to get. On cash, we’ve laid out our cash priorities. Obviously it’s not great having money in the bank earning almost no interest but we also want to be very smart and very ROIC driven. Just because we’re generating cash doesn’t mean that we’re going to feel compelled to doing something that doesn’t earn a good robust return for the company and for the shareholder.
Wade Miquelon: Note that all these stores always had a planned dip just from the initial, not shut down, the work going on. We’ve modeled what that planned dip is. In most cases we’re doing better then the planned dip. Still there is a structural bend as you get into this initially.
Wade Miquelon: Mostly front end. We haven’t given a number but its something two or three weeks come out of it then go positive. I don’t think its going to be that material that I would worry too much about it.
Wade Miquelon: The reason we give clarity on SG&A first and foremost was just because we wanted to make sure that we maintain transparency and credibility with you and all of our stakeholders in terms of these rewire for growth benefits so that people can see that they actually are being delivered. Again, because there’s lot of moving parts in that SG&A and in some cases lack of clarity of how new stores, the rolling average how that impacts whatever there is a wide range out there in terms of how SG&A is modeled.  That I think is really the key thing that we wanted to focus on with this is to make sure people understood how they should look at SG&A, how can they have confidence over time that in fact these rewire savings are being delivered as committed.
Wade Miquelon: Clearly over time I think we feel we did the right thing by getting lots of outside help. In fact, a lot of what we’ve been doing is changing the tire while the car is moving and our people are working very hard in their day jobs. The additional capability has been helpful so that we can keep running the business. Clearly over time we’ve got a lot of great people and we’d like to be much less reliant upon that and much more dependent upon our great people.
Greg Wasson: Obviously we’re going to continue to see a cautious consumer that’s going to be looking for non-discretionary products and more value. We’re also going to be countering that reimbursement pressure on pharmacy. I do think obviously where we’re going to try to counter the margin pressure obviously will be to drive more private brand. I think there’s more opportunity in pharmacy to drive more services such as seasonal flu. We’re definitely going to continue to see a cautious consumer. I think that it’s tough to predict right now.
Greg Wasson: I think that certainly there a lot folks out there driving promotions and I think we’ve seen softer seasonal sales then we had last year. I think as far as the promotions we’ve been and will remain pretty surgical on where we’re going with markdowns and promotions. I think the good thing is that we anticipated a softer season, bought down in seasonal goods last year. I think we’re in better shape so we won’t need to be as aggressive in markdowns post-holiday.  Last year, quite the opposite happened we had to be aggressive; we had a lot left over. I think we’re going to be extremely surgical about where we go with markdowns, additional promotions and try to balance that with swinging doors.
Greg Wasson: We feel pretty good about the job we’ve done in the past four quarters with store SG&A and our store folks have done a tremendous job. Certainly we’re going to be copying those tougher quarters going forward.
Greg Wasson: It was pretty much in line with our forecast that we had given for the year. We’re watching it monthly but so far it’s pretty much what we predicted.
Greg Wasson: We’re in about 1,600 stores now. The comp benefit will be material. We think that not only will it drive sales but also it’s a nice basket item, it drives basket size as well. As far as the margin, we’re really working through the mix now as far as what we hope to obtain. We’ve got a private label wine that we just launched that has a little higher margin we feel good about. We’ll know more about that as well as we come through the season.
Greg Wasson: It’s kind of hard to predict because we’re really working with obviously the government and the individual states. Most of the states at this time have worked through what they call the priority high risk population and how they’re opening distribution up to the pharmacies across the country. We have provider agreements in 49 states excluding North Dakota. We have product in about 3,000 stores in 36 states today. We’ve given about 350,000 H1N1 vaccinations to date.  We’re depending on how the states begin to open up and utilize pharmacists across the country. We think they will and we’re working with the states and the government to make sure that they understand how we can help.
Greg Wasson: Obviously we’re not going to see another big wave until the latter half of 2010-2011 on generics. At the same time, we work to improve our utilization or penetration of generics of the existing generics as much as we can.
Greg Wasson: It’s hard to say, it varies state by state. I think some of them may see the reduction as sufficient. Some, depending on the state, may be looking for more. We’re going to have to certainly work with each state individually and try to bring them other solutions to help reduce costs. Believe me; we’ve got to focus on each individual state today.
Greg Wasson: We’re working with them to help them understand that for every x% in generic utilization there’s x% savings. I think us getting state Medicaid directors and helping educate them and look for alternative solutions is exactly where we’re going.
Greg Wasson: It’s awfully hard to predict what comes out of healthcare reform. Certainly with the Senate probably passing something its looks like they’re passing something before the holiday. There is AMP legislation and language in both bills. We feel good about the new definition of AMP how the benchmark is established and we’re obviously looking make sure we get enough of a multiplier on top of that AMP to make sure the pharmacists can afford to continue to serve Medicaid patients across the country.
Greg Wasson: The first thing tells me and tells us is that this is a great illustration that consumers across the country value the convenience and access that community pharmacists can bring in addition to prescription drugs. For us to administer better then 5% of the nation’s seasonal flu shots I think basically indicates that. As far as the learning’s I think certainly there are ways that now if we go into next season we’re going to be able to improve the process as far as some of the administration work and so forth at patients come in. I think as far as new services, there’s plenty of opportunity to do more script like services in our community pharmacies such as flu shots. Retention rate, I think we saw that about 40% to 42% of the flu shot patients were new to Walgreen’s. We won’t know the retention probably for another 30-60-90 days certainly that’s something we’ll be analyzing to get a better understanding of that. Once we do know then next year we can certainly work to make sure that we have good programs out there to improve that retention rate.
Greg Wasson: With transforming community pharmacy there’s really kind of three buckets there that we talk about. One is what we’re doing within Florida and Arizona with centralization of some of these tasks that Wade just mentioned. The other is we’re continuing to leverage the dynamic workload balancing technology and systems across the entire nation to leverage excess capacity at some stores to help others. Third, really we’re just going back into the existing pharmacies and looking at the complete work flow and the work process that takes place, continue to work to find ways to improve processes and take costs down.
Greg Wasson: We’re seeing traffic hold pretty good. We’re up in traffic. We are down a little bit in ticket. Our units per customer are running a little bit down. Therefore, we feel good that we’re swinging doors, people are coming in. That goes to the promotional point that we don’t really need to over promote people to get inside. The real focus now is driving and working basket size and units per customers.
Greg Wasson: That’s been over a year ago I guess at this point in time. Certainly we worked with Cardinal, they’re our main supplier and obviously we feel like we’ve got good costs and a good rate with Cardinal but we don’t give that out.
Greg Wasson: Yes, we are in the oncology space and we anticipate playing a bigger role in oncology going forward. Frankly our infusion platform that we have built over the last couple years with Option Care positions us extremely well to play in oncology going forward because a lot of those drugs are not only injected but infused drugs. We definitely think we can put together a unique service model to work with both payers and pharmaceutical companies that are in the oncology space.
Greg Wasson: This is the time of year when a retailer becomes a weatherman. I do think that based on our position going in that depending on how this last week certainly comes together I feel pretty good as far as where we’ll be on the amount of seasonal left over that we have to reduce. Last year, as I said, I think it’s an opportunity for us, last year all retailers out there certainly were in a position with some pretty large carry over quantities. I guess a combination of where I believe we are this year depending on how this last week comes through and as compared to last year I think there’s opportunity there for us.Andrew Wolf – BB&T Capital Markets: Can you remind me, did you make a concerted effort last year to reduce the pack away? Really take some margin hits.
Greg Wasson: I do think that it’s the macro consumer in general. I think they are indeed spending less on discretionary and I think that includes seasonal this year. I don’t believe we’ve being crowded out, I think what we are seeing for the past several seasons whether its Halloween, Back-To-School, or Christmas we are seeing shoppers that are becoming more and more last minute. That’s the reason we said this week obviously is important week for us because I think we’re well positioned to take advantage of those last minute shoppers.
Greg Wasson: I do think that post the Christmas holiday season there are a lot of non-discretionary purchases with seasonal goods. I think once we get through the holiday we should see less of an effect on pure seasonal merchandising and the effect it has on our comp.
Greg Wasson: With CCR, one is basically the refresh that we’re talking about in Houston and in Dallas and the addition of decor package, that’s pretty much as is. We are looking at certainly the modifications, maybe the changes that we learn regarding skus and so forth as I mentioned earlier. We are indeed looking at additional opportunities to improve the format whether its in beauty, whether it’s in expanded food and beginning to look at pilots and a better understanding of how we can improve the experience and become more relevant to the future shopper.
Greg Wasson: I don’t know if I’d call it part of CCR. I think CCR you’ll see CCR-2 which will be just continued modification improvement of the refresh that we have out there now. I think some of these others I’m talking about would be bigger format changes as we understand how we can leverage that footprint that we have now in areas like beauty, food, and so forth.
Greg Wasson: As I said earlier, it’s a little too early to tell. With some of the variables that we’ve got thrown at us right now as far as the season and the hurricane comping in Houston. Believe me, we’ll have better insight by the next call and be able to feel a little bit better about where we are what kind of numbers we are seeing.
Greg Wasson: When we went it we gave a refresh to the existing decor package which was minimal in cost. What we’re looking at rolling out in March is a complete new decor package with different graphics and so forth.
