Alex Gourlay: Good morning. Alex here. Thanks for the question. Yeah, the inflation we're managing the effect of that inflation pretty well in the business. We have very good plans and the team has done a good job to get that done. So one of the difference in the space we are seeing is generic inflation, but we are managing that effect really pretty satisfactorily. And that of course is built into our future guidance as well. 
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, Meredith, it’s Alex again. Yeah, we've been really on this strategy now for five quarters. So we're pleased with the progress we're making. The key things that we have done is that we stopped really promotions that were driving sales, particularly in some consumable categories, but not really helping the product at all. And we are focused much more on the mix, and making sure that we're much more focused on really the health and wellness in beauty care categories, and that's really proven beneficial and as George said in the script today, we have launched a new platform called Everyday Points and that is to make sure again that people who are coming to us more regularly and are picking up on the destination categories are getting a better platform and more reasons to come back to Walgreens.  No, it's still early days. We have a lot of work to do and a lot of opportunity ahead of us and it will be step by step process, but the basic things we're doing is reducing unprofitable promotions and making sure that we focus more investment in our best customers and more investments in our destination categories. 
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, there are a number of questions there John. So good morning again. So starting over with the cost question, I think as George said really, clearly, we made solid progress against our $1.5 billion cost program, and of course we started a bit earlier in the U.S. in terms of what we announced. And I would say that we are seeing SG&A in the U.S. business down slightly year-on-year on a comparative basis, which is pleasing but also really what we had planned to do. And I think as George also said there is a bit of phasing here between quarter three and quarter four, and importantly from a continuation of business point of view, we are in quarter four this year. We're making sure that we'll continue to invest in the things that customers value the most from us to make sure we keep the growth going forward and investing more in our customers and more in the things that customers sees.  Again finally on the cost side, again as George has said, we started some of the restructuring, we closed, I think George said, nine stores in the previous quarter, and we are on track to close another 80 to 90 in the period ahead. Again, that's very much on plan and benefits still to come over a period of time.
Alex Gourlay: Hi George, yeah absolutely. So really as we expected and square on the guidance that we have given as well and I think the team have done a good job again in anticipating and making sure that we’ve projected well and managed, as you said, in a very good way.
Alex Gourlay: If I can maybe help a little bit, I mean we've done a good review of all of the projects that we are focusing in Q2. I think we've been really clear within the business, that we are focusing back in our core business of retail pharmacy frontend products, specialty. And therefore all of the other areas where we are building out, maybe potential future products we looked at to reduce the spend in some of these areas, to get more focused back on the core business.  So that really has been visiting our projects and we are really very confidence that the four [ph] and the $1.5 billion in savings that can be achieved.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, hi, it’s Alex again. No, this is a really important customer, a really important market segment, it’s a segment that’s growing rapidly. So we remain very committed to this and in terms of, as I've said before we are in terms of next year’s plans have almost completed all the contracts to their expectations in terms of margins that we planned for. So very committed to this business and we are [indiscernible], next year. Importantly for us of course we are only at the end of first stage. The second stage we just have, how do you make sure that you really look after the patients and the customers who come to your pharmacy and make sure you get the appropriate level of pull through in volume for your assets and that's the bit we are now turning attention to. 
Alex Gourlay: Yeah. We rolled No7 in to just over 400 Walgreens and Duane Reade stores in Phoenix and then in New York City. And the Phoenix is just over 12 months old and we will be able to measure the impact both on No7 sales, on Boots brand product sales and also on the beauty piece, and we're pleased with what we're seeing. So we are now trying to plan for the next stage of evolution of No7 and the Boots brand in Walgreens and the Duane Reade in the USA and we'll come out with these plans when they're ready, but we are pleased with the results.  Personally I am also pleased that we were able to acquire [indiscernible] I think in the previous quarter and also here this morning Liz Earle, going forward the more unique products that we're able to get into the Walgreens beauty and healthcare offer than more unique that will make our offer going forwards in what is a very competitive marketplace.  So again very pleased with the brand’s performance, very pleased with the progress that Ken Murphy and the team has made and the brand organization is still very young and looking forward to getting these unique products in front of our customers in Walgreens in the future. 
Alex Gourlay: Yeah, we'll comeback with that. I mean we're really, I said before, we're just doing the work now, we’ve got to get this right. This is a bigger space, it’s fantastic brand as Stefano said in Europe and is growing really well in Europe. So we'll comeback when we're ready but we are not in position. 
George Fairweather: I think it's marginal at the moment in terms of that. But again, for example, slight improvement because of generic -- as generics come in the market, both this year and next year. But again, the key thing here is that we forecasted this, we're planning it, and it’s really consistent with our expectations. 
George Fairweather: I think John, you also asked a question on pharmacy margin, and really just reinforcing what I said earlier, we did see in the U.S. the positive sales growth but that was substantially offset by the pharmacy gross margin pressure, but that was absolutely consistent with our expectation, so there is no change from what we were expecting when we last talked to you. 
George Fairweather: We're talking about here -- obviously we're reporting John on year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter, but it really was -- it was as we expected. I mean when the renewals come through and what we're seeing is what we were expecting.
George Fairweather: What I would just add to that is what I said is that we are very much on track to achieve the target this year and our -- the goal of $1 billion, from what I would describe as hard quantifiable synergies that we can measure. But what we are really seeing as the -- now that we are a merged organization, we are seeing lots of other areas of best practice and ideas that we are sharing, that we are implementing. But clearly as we become more and more integrated these are the simply the sites that you cannot quantify to the standard that you can put in a number and we are very much moving through this, into this phase.  And those types of synergies, as we know from previous transactions I remember from the merger of Alliance UniChem and Boots, these are very important synergies and we can see them time and time again we are moving people around more and these are really what will help us to become a much, much stronger organization.
George Fairweather: Really not a lot to add to that. I mean we will look at the right time, take the decision at the time. In terms of the accounting again, we will also look at that at the appropriate time. But from where we are today that when we direct the size of the warrant spend we anticipate being able to account for that as an equity method investment but clearly that will be -- it would have to be confirmed and discussed as to where we direct that.
George Fairweather: I think really the first point to come through, as I sort of touched in the prepared comments was the primary component that we got to think about is the seasonality between the quarters which impact the sales and product mix. I'm thinking about the summer months very much tends to be our weakest months particularly in Alex’s business at Retail Pharmacy USA segment, where we would see typically the sequential declines in the growth of both pharmacy volume and retail product sales.  The other factor is when the phasing and timing of certain expenses are, from in terms of the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter and clearly when you go through the sort of programs that we are letting you try and [indiscernible] with you, but equally you need to keep everyone very focused on the business and driving through all the programs that Alex is working on. So there is always an element of timing on those where they eventually and how quickly we can deliver some of those. We are clearly going as fast as we feel we can in a straight line.  There’s other areas I talked about, I mean clearly currency is a factor, as I touched on. But increasingly we have in terms of the internal factors we got pretty good visibility to our forecasting process and hence we're confident to both narrow and increase the guidance range for this year.
George Fairweather: Yeah, you see that particularly through the SG&A line. Obviously we lose a few sales, but mostly sales we’ve successfully transferred into adjacent stores. I think as you know we also closed a number of stores last year and we got up [indiscernible] more and we feel very confident of those. So the SG&A will come down and overall we will benefit and we will lose a few sales and a few bps of margin.
George Fairweather: Yeah and if I can also add as well, Ricky that we are very focused on organic growth as well. We have got a very good model in the USA in community pharmacy and we're building relationships there with the doctors and with also you need access to get [indiscernible], also, and there’s like HIV and cystic fibrosis we have opportunities that we can grow organically. So again we are not talking. This is an important business for us, and we are growing organically specifically in the USA.
George Fairweather: I really appreciate, I think here is what's [indiscernible] coming through and obviously what we said at the last time we were -- it was not practical for us to work through and try and restate everything on a comparable basis at the cost side and the margin side both. So that's why we tried to give you the adjusted figures. Clearly in terms of the cost savings program that is the big -- it is primarily in retail pharmacy USA, as we said the last time, but we are progressing in international but that is much, much more further on the program. But we're very much on track with where we expect to be, as I said earlier it won’t necessarily [ph] go in a straight line and a disciplined structured way.  That's why we tried to give you little bit of a feel when you're actually looking at comparability I tried to touch on the retail pharmacy international margin, which I know some of you felt was perhaps a little bit lower than you were expecting in the second quarter but it only had two months in and that is a seasonable business. And the last quarter was the time when we seasonally we had lower sales, clearly we come out to the important Christmas time then we get the leverage of the fixed cost base, and that when the net margins will start -- will reflect that when you get seasonality. I do appreciate, how tricky it is to model which is why we gave the guidance going forward. 
George Fairweather: To really reinforce what Alex just said, we've been putting a lot of internal work into the whole process of how we evaluate new initiatives, how we track initiatives. The graphs are not working and then you stop them, you don't let them drag on, if something really isn't working, you give it a good go and you stop it, new initiatives we've got a lot of, what I would describe as financial rigor that has been increasingly put in place really over the last 12 months. Alex you have put a lot in place when you took overall responsibility for the Walgreens business and we're continuing to do that. And I think it's that rigor that we're seeing then in terms of some of the SG&A coming through. 
George Fairweather: I mean that they're not directly comparable, because clearly the -- with the corporate expense for example, as I said in my presentation, has to get allocated across the three divisions. Clearly we are also allocating the synergies which we talked about in terms of where the economic benefit is. So those results unfortunately are not directly comparable. And so that -- they come with a very big health warning. But I think what we have said is we are very pleased with the progress that we're making in reducing SG&A and we're very much on target to deliver the program that we announced in the last quarter. 
George Fairweather: I'd say on an apples -- there isn't apples-and-apples basis. That's the -- I guess that's the challenge that we got and simply and I think we said at the time we did the deal our priority was to get the deal done quickly. But one of the things that, that did enable us to do was to go back and rework everything on an apples-and-apples basis. But we're making good progress, that's the key message that I can see. But I know [indiscernible] it’s not getting everything [indiscernible]. 
George Fairweather: I think we can say that we're pleased with the performance at Retail Pharmacy International. Obviously Boots is the largest component that we're delivering solid performance in a market where there are quite a lot of challenges in that market that you see what's happening in some of the supermarkets sector for example. But I think this demonstrates that the strength of the offer, it's very important, of the differentiated retail offer particularly in beauty where Boots is renowned. We got out a very strong loyalty card program out. So obviously the great work that’s been done here and taking Balance Rewards forward, the advanced card program equally important in the UK.  And then the piece what I touched on my presentation is really Omni channel where ordering online through Boots.com and picking up in store is important and of course with the geography that we got in the UK and the 2,500 points we can do that. And we can actually leverage our wholesale organization for delivery and we're able to do that in a profitable way that really meets the expectations of our customer. So that's the key point -- component in that. And wholesale, in any year like being in a number of markets you get markets that perform better and markets that are more challenging. It’s just the way it always is but the division’s delivered a solid performance and as its continued to do for many years. 
George Fairweather: We've not -- we've obviously not given the specifics on the comparability, because we don't have the numbers on that same U.S. GAAP, U.S. GAAP basis. But I continue to say that the business has performed solidly, and we are pleased with the performance in what's been a tough retail environment in the UK and that’s fundamentally important. On the NHS side, on the -- the pharmacy side clearly the government seeks to continue to contain growth in healthcare expenditure. And so we haven't seen the details of the settlement yet, that’s probably going to be towards the option, we’ll have to wait and see on the timing on that. But we continue to see pressure in that area as we've seen for a number of years. So no real change but that pressure continues.
Stefano Pessina: If I can add something, you have also to take into account that we have different businesses in our company. And some of these businesses like the wholesale business or like WBAD are taking advantage of certain inflation. 
Stefano Pessina: The market, it’s Stefano here, of course the market it's evolving. What is important is to be able to anticipate what happens and to take this into account when you budget and I believe that this year we are doing exactly this. We are absolutely aligned with what we were expecting.
Stefano Pessina: I have said many times, that I believe that the American markets will go through a substantial wave of consolidation horizontally and vertically. I have said very clearly that we want to be part of this, at the right time with the right partner. We are open to any kind of combination which could improve the value of our company and we are looking actively around us to understand which is the best option for us. But please don’t forget that we are looking actively not just in the U.S. but even in other countries because we consider ourselves a global company.
Stefano Pessina: We are absolutely inline with what we were forecasting and maybe George you can give more details, but we will do what we were expecting and what we announced.
Stefano Pessina: I would add George, that as you said we are thinking of the buying synergies -- certain synergies which are quite evident and we can easily forecast. But there would be for sure, as you are saying, George many synergies that will appear evident, become evident in future because when you put two companies together you find ways for years, I would say, for three, four years you find new ways to deliver synergies.
Stefano Pessina: When we did the deal, we did the deal of course to improve our profit but also for strategic reasons because as you know we have always believed that a better coordination between wholesalers and retailers again create quite substantial synergy. So the reason for the deal are still there. So we will -- we have announced that what we intend to do and at the right time you will see the effect of these agreements.
Stefano Pessina: We don't exclude any opportunities. We are looking around, as I -- as we have said many times that we are analyzing all the opportunities for growth that we have. And at the right time and if the right opportunities come we'll be able to face them. 
Stefano Pessina: As I have said we can clearly see the need or the opportunity for horizontal and vertical consolidation in our industry and this is happening. In reality I believe that this is a good news for us because the consolidation, the horizontal consolidation will create a clear market and will give us more opportunities in future. What we will be able to do specifically is a little too early to say, but I repeat we want to be one of the players in this space and we see a lot of opportunities and the opportunities are really open along the chain, along the space of this healthcare industry.
Stefano Pessina: As you know we have been always [indiscernible] with potential acquisitions, so we will if we will have an opportunity we will analyze this opportunity very rationally and we will do it just if this will create additional value. It’s true the market is now quite bullish but it’s also true that the cost of the money is still quite low and there are other ways to create value, not just acquisitions, so we are analyzing all the opportunities. If we will see an opportunity which fit our strategy and which can create value we will take action.
Robert Jones: Thanks for the questions and Stefano congratulations on the appointment. Obviously a number of moving pieces, but just really trying to get a better gauge of the underlying core U.S. business. And you guys talked about making good progress on the restructuring program, but is there any more details you can share with us on the savings that you've been able to generate to date? And then any break down of those savings, obviously across the segments would be really helpful in us being able to track the underlying business a little bit better. 
Robert Jones: No, I respect that too and I understand the comparability year-over-year is tough. I guess I was talking more specifically about just identifying what the cost cutting was in the actual quarter, this quarter itself. And maybe I missing something but I wouldn't think that would be that difficult to identify store closing, headcount reduction. 
Robert Jones: That makes sense. And I guess just one quick follow-up on Part D network specifically, there was a big initiative from your predecessors to get deeper into some of these preferred networks. I am curious how the economics of those networks have compared to your expectation. I know it’s only about six months in. And then based on that feedback, any thoughts on your continued participation in these preferred networks going forward. Thanks. 
