Rosalind Brewer: Lisa, thank you for that question. So let me give you just a few highlights in terms of how we came to this decision to retain Boots. So first of all, as you can imagine, we ran a highly confidential process. We gained early high interest at the very beginning of these discussions back in January. We started off with roughly about 8 to 10 interested parties in the Boots business. And we had very productive discussions, got into a detailed due diligence just as the market began to turn on us, and such an unexpected and dramatic change. So as a result, we made this decision to slow this opportunity down. But at the same time, the Boots and No7 business continue to do well. And our thinking is in any of these situations, the business should be good enough for us to retain as well as to look at strategic opportunities for it. So the business is healthy, and we'll continue to ensure that it remains healthy. As you look at the time line going forward, you need to think about our fuller portfolio. When we talked about doing a strategic review of our businesses, we started off with Boots, but we have other opportunities that we can look at in here. So in terms of the time line, it's important to state is that we are going to stay bullish about moving forward on Walgreens Health and making sure that our investments are prioritized in that direction. We've seen good success in terms of the initial investments that we've made there. So we feel like we're on a good trajectory. So in terms of the time line, we still will continue to make the investments there and move forward. We're committed to building those things. And the most important parts of that business is to make sure that we get our commercial assets up and running. And so that's the work that we're focused on. I will also tell you that in terms of our commitment to looking at the balance of our portfolio businesses, we will continue to do that as well.
Rosalind Brewer: Yes. So I'll take that question. So we remain committed to looking at further opportunities on the acquisition side for Walgreens Health. And I will tell you that we're constantly looking through the marketplace, particularly in tech enablement. And so as we mentioned back early in the year that we would have one additional significant advancement in Walgreens Health on the acquisition side, we still remain committed to that in order to really bring, come full circle in that space. So we should look forward to that. And also, too, in terms of how will we prioritize that. I just want to remind everyone that we have a portfolio that we can look at and still look at how we could fund something like this. So we're still in the marketplace, and we remain committed to investments in Walgreens Health.
Rosalind Brewer: Right. You're right about that, Elizabeth, the way you're thinking about it. And we're looking forward to the closure of that deal. We're still in process with that, but you're thinking about this in the right way.
Rosalind Brewer: Sure. Thanks, Steve. And I'm going to start off with that, and then I'm going to ask John Standley to fill in on some of the details there. So you mentioned about the front end of the store and what are we seeing in terms of our exposure there. So first of all, I want to make one clarifying point. When you compare us to maybe some of the other retailers in terms of our in-stock position and also to with what we're seeing from a supply chain standpoint, we have some categories in our stores that are dramatically different. There are other retailers that are facing long lead items like apparel, kitchen furniture, televisions, large items in that respect. We are working very quickly, strongly against moving towards our private-label business and trying to get to roughly a percentage of about 22% of our private-label opportunities in our store. We run roughly about 16% to 18% right now in private label. So moving to 22% gives you an idea of some of the cost benefits that we could share later on. Also, along with that comes some innovation in bringing in new categories. So when I think about front of store and what we're facing in terms of being a little bit more recession-proof and also to looking at supply chain issues that impact our business and those kinds of things. But I'll let John go into some detail in terms of what he's seeing in front of store.
Rosalind Brewer: Thank you for joining us today. I just want to summarize what we discussed here today and how we are looking at our business. We've delivered really strong execution across our operating segments and against a very robust growth this year. Third quarter results were broadly in line with our expectations, and I want to remind everyone of that. And we've been executing well on the strategic priorities we shared last October. We will continue to make some improvements in our core business. We'll evolve our portfolio. We remain committed to our Walgreens Health business. We also will manage and preserve our capital and really continue to work on this world-class team. I'm really proud of what this team has been able to do under some tough market conditions. They continue to outperform my personal expectations. So I remain optimistic about the opportunities ahead. We're strongly committed to driving our long-term earnings growth algorithm, and we look forward to keeping you updated as we make further progress. So thank you for joining us.
James Kehoe: Lisa, if you go back to the October Investor Day deck, I think what we said was the next 3 years, the compound annual growth rate would average 4%. And then FY '25 and beyond, it would rise to 11% to 13%. So there was a measure of deceleration of the EPS growth over a number of years. And then when we gave guidance at the beginning of this year, we said 0%, and we would have acceleration into mid-single-digit EPS growth beyond '22 year. And you could actually argue that we're ahead of where we said we would be because we're at low single digit versus zero. So we won't be getting to low teens next year because we never said we would go to low teens next year. We said mid-single digit. And I think as we look forward, there's a lot of concerns out in the market. Some participants have been taken. It will take Q4 and multiply by 4, which is just a wrong calculation. And Q4 is about 16% of our total full year income. So I think you have to actually do the right proportions. We then decided to lay out these tailwinds that we have. And I'm sure you'll agree, they're substantial and I do want to hit those. We do expect a fairly strong rebound in Rx scripts next year because we had some operational issues in the stores. The front-of-store strength, I don't think it should be lost on anybody just how well we're doing versus the overall peer set in front of store. Our margins are up substantially year-on-year, and we're still doing nice same-store sales growth. And then you add on to -- we see international going from strength to strength, plus -- and I do want to point this out. People are looking at the heavy investments in Walgreens Health. We're spending potentially more in the second half because of timing. But the headwind on Walgreens Health will go from 6% this year, down to very low single digits next year. So we have a lot of elements to get to an attractive growth rate that is broadly in line with the 4%, 3 year compound growth rate that we laid out as we did October, the Investor Day. So what we're doing with this is to express our confidence in the long-term targets.
James Kehoe: Yes. I would say the only item we see is truly variable. Where we have lesser line of sight is on the vaccinations and testing volume. And we want to see how the next couple of months pan out. I'd even say that even on the challenges, we have a fairly good line of sight. Reimbursement pressure, we're not assuming as we're thinking through this any major change versus the current year. And we're quite happy with the current year. We had a forecast coming into the year, and we're pretty much honest. So we expect -- well, we don't expect anything to get any better in reimbursement. Rising inflation on wages, we have a fairly good level of confidence here, and I'll tell you why. We've had now had 2 quarters where many other players in the market have called down margins. We have had 2 quarters where our margins are actually up on the retail business. We have a combination of mix. And that's one of the growth initiatives on the right-hand side. We've got all of our omnichannel investments coming through, owned brand inflation. myWalgreens has hit almost -- I think that we've actually passed 100 million myWalgreens members, which is tremendous. I think it's one of the biggest membership programs in the U.S. And then alternative profit streams and we have great line of sight to all of those. So we have -- and our ability to offset inflation on wages has been very strong in the quarter. And you'll bear this in mind, international freight is up 200%. And our pricing actions overall as a business, I think we've got zero impact on a full year basis. All the cost increases, shipping increases, goods not for resale, all of that, effectively, we've priced away through very effective margin management. And 340B, John already mentioned. And Walgreens Health, we've got good visibility. We are investing a little bit more as we're exiting the year. And remember what we told you in the Investor Day, we said there would be a spending level this year and one next year. So we will actually probably spend more money, slightly more money on Walgreens Health next year. But the headwind is significantly lower, and we have good visibility to this. So instead of a 6%, as I said, it will go down to 1%, 2% at most. So the change in this is quite visible to us. I'm trying to cover all of these international recovery, we have good visibility to this. You saw the double-digit income in the quarter. It won't be at that rate next year, but there's consistent growth across all markets. And we had every single international market grew revenue in the current quarter. So good visibility there as well. Transformational Cost Management, we've called up $200 million. All of that is next year. And I'll give you a good example of it. The U.S. business has just formed a new entity called Walgreens Business Services. And we have signed a partnership with TCS to ramp up, build our own shared service center in India. And it will take on -- we've already done finance. We've done HR, all the traditional back office. We'll be moving marketing, merchandising, store ops, back office to a more cost-effective offshore service. But we will own and operate the service assisted by TCS, and that will deliver tremendous savings for the business. It's a really big deal. And then over time, we will leverage it as a growth engine to continue to drive costs out of the business. The only one that we have less visibility on, and that's because the actions are happening currently, that's on the script volume. So we've had a couple of quarters where we've been maybe 200 basis points to 300 basis points below where we would have liked to have been. And we called out, specifically in Q3, 190 basis points from the store operating hours. We're putting investments back in the market or in the market now. We haven't -- we've seen that the churn has slowed down of turnover, but we still haven't flipped the switch on more aggressive hiring in the market. So we have a couple of months of experience that we need to get behind us before where we have very good line of sight. So I think it's a good question. We have good line of sight to all of the items here. And the only exception is we've 3 months probably ahead of us on the store operations and getting the scripts bag. I hope that's useful as you think through this.
James Kehoe: Yes, this is -- it's basically an investment and timing issue. You got -- I think, we're $21 million negative on gross margin with Shields very strong, and the investments are all in Village. And the best way to look at that is to look at the number of stores, the total number of clinics, 315 versus prior year, it's almost up 100 more clinics. And we gave some indications back in January on the profitability of a clinic. And when you get to full run rate, which is year 7, I think it's like $14 million of revenue and a $2 million clinic contribution. But year 1 is the revenue is $1 million, and you're losing $600,000. Year 2, I believe, is probably $200,000 to $300,000 loss. So you've got 2 years of losses, right? And you're only turning profitable in at the beginning of the third year. So you've got 90 -- 100-plus clinics that are unprofitable to the tune of around $600,000. You got the ones in the previous year that are unprofitable to the tune of $200,000 or $300,000. So what this is, it's the -- and bear in mind, Elizabeth, when you look at a gross margin in Walgreens Health, it includes the entire cost of the clinic. So it's got the rent. It's got the doctors. It's got the depreciation and amortization. So it's fully loaded. So moving forward, as more and more clinics achieve profitability, the first 100 will turn profitable next year, right? So you've got more profitable ones coming on. And then I think that basically covers it. So it's a temporary thing, and it will turn profitable next year is the way to think about it.
James Kehoe: Really once CareCentrix closes, we have a strong line of sight to the $9 billion to $10 billion, very strong.
