Stefano Pessina: Thank you, James. So as I said in my opening comments, the quarter we have reported today has been slightly ahead of our expectations. But it is too early to know what the net impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will be on our performance for the year as a whole. You have heard from Alex and James about some of the work our teams are doing across our company to address the current situation and support the communities we serve. The situation we are in emphasizes the importance of community pharmacy playing a very active frontline role in the wider delivery of healthcare and the health of the community. This is precisely why a strong and healthy community pharmacy sector is a sizable part of any effective healthcare system. This is why we are also so committed to the sector and continue to invest in it.We must remember that the current restrictions in our markets are temporary. Over the coming weeks and months, they will change and eventually we will return to a more normal operating environment. As pharmacy operators, our priority is to provide the medication and healthcare products that the people need to manage and maintain their health. Keeping our pharmacies open and well stocked is valuable. And it is also important to remember that in many areas improving local convenience retail offering is also an important service to the community. To do that, the importance of the supply chain cannot be overstated. Our own pharmacies and stores cannot operate without regular and reliable supply of medicines and goods. It is a foundation of our business and of the great many other businesses we serve as healthcare distributor. Maintaining this essential supply into the very heart of the community has been a key to our global response to the current crisis.As you might expect, our pharmacies are not only facing the significant decreases in demand for medication, personal care and preventative or protective products, but also significant increase in people seeking advice and information from our teams. And we are operating services on a local level to ensure that those there are self-isolating in addition to those who face difficulties getting to our pharmacies have access to the medicines they need. We are working closely with government, regulators, states and local and national health systems to ensure we are doing what we can to use our service and infrastructure to support the fight against the coronavirus. And in number of countries we are already operating testing stations to provide virus testing for key workers. Here we would expect to stand and where we can.Our experience in addressing the challenges of the virus reiterates to us the need of the way pharmacy operates to evolve so that we are even better today to play an enhanced role in the provision of healthcare looking forward. We have understood this for some time and believe that the combination of a strong local presence, supported by an efficient and reliable global supply chain with state-of-the-art logistics and with new thinking, analytics, artificial intelligence and insights of a truly digitalized organization and the fully omnichannel customer interaction in the future for pharmacy.This is why we see that's so important to deliver on our key strategic priorities to bring together the element of this future pharmacy service and prepare us for the opportunities we face. I am convinced that this is the way forward for our business and that we are well positioned to come through this current period well and emerge as an even stronger business that we are today.At the time of great uncertainty for all of us locally and globally for our customers, team members and our investors, we are in a good position to meet the immediate challenges we face and to invest in the future. Seeing this organization in action, providing service and care in the health of communities as a key part of the national healthcare infrastructure in a period of great fabric need confirms my belief in the importance of the role that we play and gives me even greater confidence in the future for our business.Thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Stefano Pessina: Yes. Well, I have followed surely Italy high day-by-day. And I can tell you that the lockdown had quite a significant impact on the pharmacies. Initially the pharmacy were doing very, very well, up to 70% versus prior year. And after the lockdown, of course, it is really difficult for people to go to the pharmacies. And they are now trying to use all the stocks, let's say, they had at home and they go to the pharmacy just if it is strictly necessary. So we can see a substantial reduction in the sales of the pharmacies. But we see slowly this creeping up. And we have also to say that the lockdown in Italy has been quite extreme. People who are found in the street and they don't have a good reason to be there are fined at EUR5,000. So it's a big -- of course, it's a big incentive to stay at home.Now probably at the end of this month of April, the lockdown would be reduced. Apparently, they want to start to relax this lockdown because the economy is suffering dramatically, as you can imagine. And we will see for sure the sales in the pharmacy pickup quite strongly, even because the people will be out of stock.
Stefano Pessina: Yes, you probably know that many people are now working on new tests and vaccine. And I believe that in the very short-term, we will have new opportunities and new test that would be much easier and much quicker. And many of these tests or probably some of these tests will be able to be self-administrating. So the reality, at that point, we will be able to really have a mass screening. Until we don't have these kind of tests, of course the operation of testing people will be necessarily relatively small. You see what is happening even in countries that have had this emergency for one month or more. And you see that the level of testing of course is in relative terms higher than in the U.S. but is not still a mass screening. Until we don't have new test, I don't believe that we will be able to test a big part of the population.
Stefano Pessina: Yes. I will answer to the second question first. At the time we had just bought Boots and we found that sticking it to our fundamental we had a very good outcome. We focused on the work we were doing in the stores in improving the service. We didn't try to reduce costs too much because we wanted to be able to deliver a good service and to be ready when the market changed, and this proved to be very, very successful. And while many other companies were having problem, we did in reality very well. So one of the things that we have learned is that you don't have to panic, you have to accept certain temporary costs and keep the organization working.On the timing, it depends. If the coronavirus will go back, let's say in a short period of time, let's say one month, then we will have, I would say, a summer storm and people will go back to their habits quite soon. If we will have a hurricane and not a summer storm, the world will be different later on, many things will have changed, the habits of people will be different. And for sure also many industries will be hit in a dramatic way. Other industries, like ours, mainly pharmacies, mainly dealing with drugs, with medicines or with disease, other industries will suffer less. But for sure they'll have to change the way they work.In reality, we are always working in this direction. We have said for the last year or so, maybe a couple of years that we want to digitalize the company, we want to really change the way we work, focusing more on customers. And this strategy will prove to be the right strategy even more. It will be the right strategy in any case. But if the environment will change substantially, this strategy will be even more important.
Stefano Pessina: No, no, really the manufacturers are behaving extremely well, I would say, at this moment. They are keeping their prices steady. And we see also that they are trying to do any possible effort to supply the market. In Europe, for instance, we have a very big pre-wholesaling market, so pre-wholesaling market, so the distributor that the manufacturers use to deliver to the wholesalers, to the pharmacist, to the hospital. And in this, we can say that the wholesalers are asking us to stock in order to be ready to satisfy the market. So, I would say that in this moment we don't have really problem. Of course, for some specific molecules, paracetamol, for instance, some specific products, there is a shortage just because the demand has been everywhere in the world so strong that there is not the ability to manufacture immediately to step up in manufacturing facilities to satisfy the demand. But these are just a few cases and they are not really impacting the overall supply in the market.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, George. It's Alex here. It is really hard. I mean during the prepared remarks, James has given a lot of I think detail on what we know, and we don't have a lot to add to that. What we think has happened is people have to forward their scripts and got bigger quantities of scripts, just as the situation began to develop, particularly in the middle two weeks of March. And therefore, we think there has been some stockpiling, if you like, of prescriptions. But really it's too early to tell if there's any fundamental change to trends. We don't think there has been, but as we said in the prepared remarks, we really don't know yet. And of course, we're keeping a very close eye on the situation.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, Michael. It's Alex here, and thanks for question. I hope you're also doing well and safe. I think it's a great question, because it goes to the root of what Richard Ashworth and the team have done I think fantastically well in the U.S. and team in the UK by having to react day-to-day. I'll give you a couple of examples to bring it to life. For example, in the Las Vegas strip, we have a number of very strong stores, but you can imagine, that strip is now closed. And therefore, we've had to -- as you say, we've had to adjust the cost base and take care of our people in these very strong stores in our marketplace. Yes, there are other markets where the number of prescriptions being sold, number of customers seeking advice have increased. There's also our online businesses which have increased remarkably.We gave some stats in the prepared remarks, and we've been really adjusting quickly to make sure that we can service customers in different ways, as we said, to our Postmates relationship, through increasing capacity in our online warehouses and making sure that we are able to accommodate more people in the areas of the country where people are coming during this period of time. So we're doing both sides of this rapidly. We have a very flexible model, and Richard and team are driving that very strongly. There are other areas, I'll maybe pass on to James now to maybe speak about some of the other areas, which are maybe more fixed costs, where again, we are absolutely looking to see what we can do with these fixed costs and expecting support from partners.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks Ricky. It's Alex here. In the U.S., we have the pilots in place in the Chicago land area. It's doing about 150 tests a day. And we're very much under the direction of the government, and we're working very closely with the government and we're waiting really to see exactly what their plans are to accelerate the testing and the screening, as you said. So really, we don't have a lot more information at this stage. Things are under review constantly every single day, senior people are having conversations with officials in the government, both at the state and the federal level. And we will play our part. We will do all we can to make sure that we are there to test people, if it's appropriate to do it in Walgreens premises using Walgreens personnel.Another point here is that, of course, our people have stepped forward and volunteered to do this, which again is a great example of the commitment we have as a company to [America]. I think, Stef, would you want to make some comments on testing as well. I know you've also been involved.
Alex Gourlay: Yes. My only item, and James covered it well, Ricky. I think that this is temporary. There's a very clear moment in time when the lockdown happened, okay, maybe happened on different days and sometimes different weeks, for example, Florida more or less goes to full lockdown I think today. But this we think is a temporary situation and we believe that the evidence is very clear that discretionary spending will come back, particularly in areas like beauty, which are really well known for being place where people spend when things are tougher. So again, I don't have anything to add to the details James has given, but I think I would just add to the point, this is temporary.Maybe just turning a bit to the UK, if that's okay. The UK, as you know, is a much bigger beauty business and the beauty business has been doing very well in recent times in the UK. And also it's much more of a high street business. And the situation in the UK was almost a complete lockdown except for grocery and pharmacy, and healthcare when it kicked off. So therefore, we are seeing more impact in the UK, as James has commented on in his prepared remarks. But again, we believe that business will come back when the temporary situation in the UK is also over.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, sure. Hi, Steve. I think you also asked about prescription growth in the first part of your question, so I'll start there. I think as we said already, Q2 was good from our point of view. We were able to move our growth forward in normal times to, as James described, to just under 5% growth in comparable scripts. And also I think we had a reasonably good Med D season on January 1, which was important to us, given that that's about one-third of the marketplace. So going into the COVID crisis, we felt our growth was improving and the trends were improving.In terms of supply -- in terms of our initiatives, sorry, you asked that question, we mentioned we have a refill Express Pass and we're working on many other digital initiatives as Stefano has said to allow customers to use our downloaded app to manage their prescriptions in really transparent ways. So there's more to come, including of course home delivery, which we're now accelerating as well.In terms of the UK, a similar patterning as well with growth, in terms of the use of online pharmacy, again that was in -- that’s a pretty different box. In terms of supply chain, we feel due to the movements in the next three to six months that we've got our APIs in terms of the components of generics in the right place on some proprietary products, and also with a more global wholesale supply chain, Alliance Healthcare, again, we've got good visibility and great partnerships with pharma companies and again, there are the odd products like paracetamol and some other products but the majority of products look to be in good supply at this moment in time.
James Kehoe: Yes, it's a little tricky, but we estimate on a sales call adjusted basis, it's probably mid-single-digit, pretty similar to the second quarter, but a fairly significant uplift in the first 20 days of the month and falling off. It does fall off into negative territory, but that's actually a direct result of lower footfall and people actually respecting the instructions to stay at home. I think we'll get more stability as we look forward into the future months.
James Kehoe: I think you will find that money markets are quite different. And I'm not sure you should use them as analogs. So what we saw in China, which was the market that was first hit is, it's a business that was growing high-teens before. It ramped up at the peak of the crisis to be up in the 50% growth. And right now as it's back to stability, it's actually still growing very strongly, actually above high-teens. So I think what we've seen in China is remarkable. It is consistent and increased demand for pharmacy products. We don't have a big presence in retail in the -- in Italy, so we can't see it more directly. But I don't think China should be taken as an analog for the U.S.And let me pass it over to Stefano because he has -- probably has a point of view on this.
James Kehoe: Just as an example, they -- I think your question is a good one. The $65 million, we don't expect to continue into future periods because a number of things will happen. We'll get more efficient in how we're managing the day-to-day operations in the new environment. And the second thing is, we will be taking cost containment measures because we have to try and mitigate the impacts on the cost side. So we would guess and it's -- literally at this stage is -- we would say the $65 million next month would come down to a $30 million to $40 million range and that is assuming a full shutdown. If the shutdown was to continue into June, we then would -- actually into May, we would actually project that we could offset all the incremental costs because by that stage, we would have found areas of mitigation.One example here in the UK is, you will have noted from our prepared comments that our opticians practices were basically closed and we're quite a big player with 600 stores within stores in the UK, and we have furloughed every store and all the employees and the British government basically pays 80% of the cost of the furloughed employees up to $2,500 a month. So the actions are being taken, they're pretty rapid. But I think you're right, the cost can't be allowed to increase into perpetuity. So we will have to find the offsets. And I hope that answers your question.
James Kehoe: Yes, good question. Some of our competitors have made immediate moves. We've had robust discussions about it in here. We remain convinced as to the long-term capability of the company to come out of this stronger. We're very confident in our cash flows, and you saw the quarter, we had, like Q1, we did $1.8 billion in the first half and we're $1.4 billion in what we did this time last year. So we're probably, right now, over-delivering against the working capital programs we set out. We've said we were going to take out about a $1 billion of working capital. The year-to-date benefit was $1.8 billion. Some of that is phasing, but we're feeling very good about the cash position.We did note, however, the commercial paper markets dried up pretty quickly and we put our backstops in place as quickly as that. And we're actively in the market talking to banking partners and we've -- just yesterday, we secured a bilateral funding of about $750 million. So we are putting in place what we internally call black swan funding for events we actually don't think will happen. But we're quite conservative from that point of view. Given that context, we are actually very happy with our capital structure. We're very happy with our capital allocation policy and we've decided for the moment to continue with the share repurchase program, which you'll recall, last year, we repurchased $3.8 billion. This year, it's $1.7 billion, which is already 50% below what we were doing this time last year. So we're already lower.And on dividends, this is a company that's increased dividends since -- I think has paid a dividend since 1934 and our dividend policy is extremely clear, which is to increase dividends every year and it's a simplistic policy. But we have no intention to changing that policy in the short-term. And this is all on the basis of -- we believe in the strength and the tremendous work -- tremendous cash flow generation capability of the company.
James Kehoe: Sorry. And maybe I'll ask Alex to weigh in. One thing I do want to emphasize is that the performance we're seeing is actually very consistent or I would even say slightly better in some categories than the rest of the retailers who remain open. And I don't want that to be lost on people. So we were up 21% -- 26% in the first 21 days in the U.S., and frankly it was that feeling of euphoria across the business. The key driver in here is our health and wellness business, which is our flagship, and that's up in the 30% range in that year-to-date period, actually on the full month period. So, I think a good way to think about this is any margin we lose on the beauty business -- and I think beauty in the month of March was down about 9% and then the health and wellness business was up 30-plus percent, both of those businesses have a similar gross margin. So they're equally profitable.And then the food grocery category, which was up 28% in the month, so quite a large increase, that has a margin of about, I would call it, 7 to 8 points lower than either beauty or health and wellness. So I think there are category shifts. The margins will be slightly impacted, but not to the extent some retailers pointed out because our health and wellness business is probably the most profitable business and that's growing the fastest in the current environment. And then the fall off, obviously in the second half -- second -- last 10 days, we attribute totally to the shutdowns that occurred. It's actually good to see the people stay at home, that's a positive thing. We believe there will be a gradual come back to this even when there is a slowdown.So if we're looking into April, we don't think the last 10 days are the best reflection of what will happen in April. We think April will be probably down, but there will be recovery as stocks work their way out of the system and people start going back to some of the old purchasing behaviors. So we're actually quite pleased with the performance compared to the market. And we won't be seeing the same kind of margin issue as some other players.
James Kehoe: I wonder if I could just add something, Lisa. I think it's important to point out that we're operating from a relative position of strength. We're coming out of a quarter where we actually did what we said we would do in terms of getting our sequential comps in the U.S. back where they need to be. We beat the EPS which was coming out of the U.S. retail business and good cost control. Our cash flow performance is excellent. So we're sitting here looking at this and we've the crisis in front of us. We do believe -- and I think your question is a good one, we do need to turn this into an advantage. This has proven what we've known that having convenient -- 9,000 convenient locations across the U.S. is a strength. It's also -- what we've seen is, we saw in the quarter that and we accelerated mass personalization in the U.S. and got 100 basis point uplift. I think we will find ourselves dramatically accelerating our digital journey over the next 6 months to 12 months. And what we found is it's amazing what technology stuff we could get done in two weeks in a crisis when we needed to help the average consumer and how long we normally take to get it done. So I think there needs to be -- it will generate enhanced agility across the entire industry and I think it will speed up our digital agenda. And I think you're right, there is a transformation coming.I think the other part, you were kind of alluding to it, I think the recession entirely depends on the duration of the lockdown; and then secondly, the size of the stimulus in the U.S. I'm not underestimating the ability of the U.S. economy through stimulus, but really regenerate economic growth very strongly. And I think the one thing we've seen out of past recessions, and it's not a worldwide comment, is that the most resilient consumer in the world is in the U.S. market. So I'm not -- that's not what we're hoping for, but I think that you will find a fairly rapid rebound. And I think the general size of the stimulus in the U.S. is massive and it's the right thing to be doing to ensure that the economy stays on the path. So I'm not saying I'm not concerned. What I was saying is, the right moves are being taken.That being said, I think there will be a re-rating here. And if you look at that, the market has changed substantially. And when we were on the phone rounding up, back up debt facilities, we were emphasizing that our relative credit rating is far stronger than some other sectors right now. And then there will be a re-rating. People will start examining the assets in the market and say, well, hold on a second, stable cash flow. So this is why we do feel that we will come out stronger in terms of rating of the company from debt capacity, the ability of the company to weather a storm like this. And you're right that we have to turn it into now to accelerate our long-term digital agenda and against our four strategic priorities. So I totally agree with your point.
