Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Alex. So you have heard how we are looking to the future and actively building the capabilities, partnerships and perhaps some most importantly a mindset that we will be displaying both for the future growth of our company. Of course, what we are doing is a continuation of a process of change that we have been fulfilling for some time. But as the pace of change accelerates in our market, it is important for us to increase our own pace of change. We must remain architect of our own destiny rather than have our future define it by others. Our markets are changing around the world. While the drivers that are fueling these are different in retail and pharmacy, the importance of transforming our business to address these changing markets is equally key to both areas. The initiatives that we have spoken about today have already begun to impact the businesses improving efficiency, reducing costs and reshaping our company to better support our future growth. As Alex has said, our future builds on our strength, our physical reach and our healthcare focus. These are the foundations of our relationship with our customers, the patients, the payers and a healthcare provider. Today, you have heard how we plan to bridge the transition to the future, while maintaining our economic growth by reducing our cost and deploying technology mostly actively in our business and doing this in an efficient and effective way. We believe the transformation program we have announced today has the capacity to counter the trading pressure we are facing in a number of our markets. It will support our growth until the work we are doing to change and update our offering and engage a new income streams in healthcare has maturity enough to compensate for the inevitable pressure of cementing pharmacy and the dealer work to differentiate our consumer offering delivers the growth in retail. So all-in-all, this was the quarter of progress within the company and the solid financial performance overall. This I believe sets the tone for the year as a whole if we want to deliver on the initiative we have underway. As ever, we have a lot of work to do and there are many moving parts both in our markets and in our company, but I remain confident that have available to us all we need to deliver for our customers and investors and to do what is needed to ensure the future of this company as a strong, healthy and prosperous business, improving the life and well being of the communities we serve for many years to come. Thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Stefano Pessina: And you have seen look at Verily. Verily it’s a fantastic company as you know because they’re very innovative, they’re investing a lot new solutions and at the certain point they felt the they need of the opportunity to have a better link with people to really dialogue with a real patients, the physical patients and so naturally they have thought of us because we have this attitude to use the fantastic footprint that we have to help other people to develop the idea to sell their products and if we cannot become, if we want to have for healthcare particularly in future this will a point of reference of how they look and this is what we try to do and of course, you can imagine that if we will be able to be even more a point of reference and we are today, of course, our future will be quite good.
Stefano Pessina: It will take years let’s say years, whether this will be 3 or 5, it’s difficult to say because the main of this fact that they take a lot of time to come to a real fruition and then we have also to understand that and of course the effect that’s we are doing an incredible effort to digitize the company if into use the digitalization for not only improving the efficiency of the company, but also to offer many, many more services to our customers that we make all these process simpler and we will accelerate this process.
Stefano Pessina: Well, they will start to contribute when we will be able to hold them over in quantities. Of course, if we have 15 stores or 20 stores they will not – the contribution will be there, but it’s really small. When we will have thousands of stores, we will start to see the contribution. For instance, for FedEx, we have a contribution which is of course is not the billions, but it’s significant. And this will be the case for all day partnership that we will be able to allow once we will be convinced that these partnerships are profitable. And this is why it takes some time for us to test a partnership, but we are not trashing, we prefer to wait, but to be sure that the partnership is profitable, because we have to invest a certain capital to expand those partnerships to many, many stores and of course we want the usual return on our capital. So at the end those partnerships will have a significant contribution to what we do direct, not just indirect as Alex was saying that of course it will be also important, but direct contribution.
Stefano Pessina: You have to remember that in the end our job is to distribute to deliver prescription and to distribute drugs. So at the end we’re remunerated for these kind of job and even price if will go down, we will have in any case a level of remuneration for what we do. So overtime the market whatever the price is the market will level and we will remunerate for the work that we do for our job. I don’t say that we are independent on the price of the drugs, but we are less dependent than other players.
James Kehoe: Hi, it’s James here. So at this stage, we are announcing the intention on the program and some parts of it are confidential. So what we have given you is the key first step and we’ve shown you the metrics of some additional downsizing in the Mexico, Chile and in Pharmaceutical Wholesale, so we have a pretty good grasp on this part of it we have quantified the one-time costs relating to that and we took a charge in Q3 of $30 million and we’ve actually completed the actions in Chile and Mexico I don’t want to give the exact number, but we have an internal rate of return on this combined program just as the initial part of it of 40% to 50% so the returns are highly attractive and our decisions are extremely DCF driven the second big part is, what we call smart spending and smart organization we have engaged Accenture to a system, they have a certain tool set which is 0-based budgeting and we have estimates initial estimates from them as to the potential size or price that’s possible what we haven’t estimated yet is the magnitude of the cost to implement what I would say and is rather than you extrapolate the first part of the program, the first part of the program is, includes some warehouse consolidations that includes exiting some stores which are more expensive when you do 0-based budgeting and you reduce travel cost or consulting cost, the cost to implement is 0 and the savings come very, very quickly as you move into organizational aspects, the costs increase and you could plan on somewhere between 6 months and 1-year of severance, but we have no estimate yet, as to how much would come from people cost as opposed to non-people cost, what we have is a large comfort around the $1 billion that we’ve put in place and our job is actually to beat it so what will happen going forward, we started a 16-week assessment, at the end of that 16 weeks, we will have enormous transparency and granularity, we will know who spends what on what, down to the lowest level on who spends on travel and consulting and we will start rolling out savings programs immediately after the 16 weeks what we will do for the 16, we’ll confirm the size of prize that we intent to target so that’s step number two the last step is digitization of a company that’s more complex, it involves engaging partners to help in journey one example this morning was Verily that’s one piece of the puzzle there are other pieces that will come together reasonably quickly it involves fixing core systems, transporting our technology from today’s technology new technologies the estimates on that are tough to call, we have large ambitions related to this that are not included in the $1 billion per se, because they’re tough to quantify so I guess, in summary, we’re extremely comfortable on $1 billion over 3 years and that’s an annual cost saving number and we expect to hit it by the end of the third year we expect to come back to you I call it 4 to 6 months with detailed one-time cost on implementation and then don’t extrapolate the first piece of the program in terms of one-time costs, some of the savings and typically I’ve done two of these programs before, typically out of a $1 billion at least 70% comes from non-people cost and the cost to implement travel and consulting are 0, but if you start looking at your placement of your offices and moving offices then in becomes more expensive so it all depends on the actions the leadership team intend to take and those actions will determine in the next 4 to 6 months.
James Kehoe: Okay I’ll answer another question as well, which is, how do we think about the strategic cost management or transformational cost management one is, we see it as a multi-year program that consistently will help us to offset our reimbursement pressure in the market, it’s been a concern out there which is how much more SG&A can you reduce in the business to help offset gross margin changes so we see it as enabling our long-term targets, not incremental to the long-term targets and the program gives us increasing confidence in our ability to deliver consistent EPS growth over multi-year periods so getting back to the first quarter, we’re not giving guidance, we’re not changing our guidance on the full year so we remain comfortable with the guidance range we would we gave out at the beginning of the year and after one quarter it’s far too an early to call but let me try and dissect the first quarter because it is fair, our operating income was down, EPS was up 14% and there were two key drivers one is, tax reform generated a favorability of 8%, so we were boosted by taxes our massive cash generation allowed us to redeploy and repurchase shares and that generated 4% but as you look at the operating income of 3%, there’s two big factors in there, one is, we are reinvesting in the U.S. business and I did call out that cost approximately 165 basis points on the total corporation the other one is, we did have a couple of unusual events that we did to start the RPI segment and these are things like we sold a Boots Contract Manufacturing business and with the benefit of hindsight, we should have restated our adjusted results we changed loyalty accounting in d UK in line with U.S. CC guidance and with the benefit of hindsight we should have restated those two items alone that come for almost 200 basis points so we kind of have these 200 basis points plus another 165 basis points so all of the decline on operating income is due to these items now that’s not an excuse, right? But we’re less preferred by the 3% in the quarter because we’re cycling through or cycling through some tough distortions as you look forward, we think the plan will be as what I said in my comments will be somewhat back-end loaded and all I suggest you do is, go look out the a solution of operating income by quarter in the prior year last year we had a very strong first-half and somewhat weaker second half so we feel more comfortable in the second half because we’re going to lapping quite low operating income growth in the second half and actually quarter one and quarter two, we delivered average operating income growth last year of 5% so we’re lapping some fairly high numbers in the prior year period so but as all I’m saying is this is how you should maybe think about at first-half, second half and we have an easier comparison when we get into the second half of the year but in terms of guidance we’re just confirming we didn’t do a re-plan on the basis of quarter one we feel comfortable, we understand the quarter one progression and we have some distorting items year-on-year that make the quarter messy to present, but it doesn’t push us off track on any of our goals so thanks.
James Kehoe: I will revise all the I think as we said in previous earnings update, made this season last year starting January 1, 2018 was not as we had hoped for, we’ll be we went from preferred to non-preferred specifically in the end of the business, so always was there, quite a chunk of scripts and market share we have invested at 1/1/19 and obviously we will be through that phase in addition to that, we’ve been able to continue to see a great partnership with UnitedHealth and Urgent Care again I think that’s looking good for 1/1/19 has been a good contributor to 2018 as well and on top of that of course, we are working in a more preferred relationship with Cigna for the first time on 1/1/19 as well so on the fastest growing because maybe I think we’re going to be in a better shape than we are this year and probably growing at the market which is, of course, what we intend to do if not of the market there is a partnership with Prime goes from strength-to-strength in a commercial business and, of course, that’s another important market for us so we’re still in pretty good about next year relative this year you see the trend has improved with some good operational initiatives in terms of adherence and initiatives along with genetic switching and entity at programs well all of these are what well and, of course, on top of that, we’ve been very pleased with the attention of prescriptions in the quiet ready books of business as well so overall, we think we’re going to be a solid year in 2019 and feel good about particularly compared to meet the 2018.
James Kehoe: Yes, the 4.6 organic is two components, we’ve got the overall same store which I believe is around 1% and then you got the specialty business, specialty business is growing at 50% so as you look at the numbers, the organic is to buy specialty you have got really solid pharmacy gains are growing 2% versus which is sequentially much better than the quarter four performance so actually quarter four was up 1.3%, but it was boosted by hurricanes, you take that out 60 basis points, there is quite a significant step up in performance versus Q4.
James Kehoe: Just to emphasize that I want to be clear on pharmacy, year-on-year in pharmacy is entirely due to generic drugs shortages in the prior year that artificially boosted the prior year, we are not losing share and actually we have no reimbursement pressure, because the UK government has confirmed year-on-year funding across the broad industry. And then if you go to the retail business in the UK, we gained share in all four categories. Now, the problem is the category declines accelerated in Q4 and that’s something we are watching closely. It’s been a very weak season in the last few months and you can read it in all the headlines in the UK, but I want to emphasize our share is quite strong in the UK.
James Kehoe: It primarily relates to adjusted operating income, I think that’s the best measure of the challenge in lapping the numbers. So first half, second half, you can look at it by quarter, but also Q1 and Q2 EPS on an average basis was higher in the second EPS, but it’s a more market comparison when you actually look at the adjusted operating income.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, no, it’s really early, I mean, the key thing is the reaction of the customers or the patients to having a primary care center focus on seniors in a pharmacy so the convenience factor is obvious and is coming through we have connected the pharmacist more and more to the healthcare professional through just a physical location so the end-to-end care individual patients are really care are really clear particularly in Medicare Advantage and the atmosphere has become more of a healthcare atmosphere than a convenience atmosphere as well so these are just anecdotal, but we’re really pleased with how it’s going and the relationship between the companies is very positive in terms of that location in terms of as we look forward, we think that across the USA, we’ll be able to do a number of these locations as a hub and spoke idea and we have a number of really great properties which are in corners of America which don’t have the population the population supports a pharmacy, but not necessarily a strong fund end, the world has changed so we think that one of the obvious things we can do here is to utilize the space better by claiming more this health care hub and destination so far, so good, really, really early days, but encouraging from a point of view of engaging costumers particular seniors in their healthcare, their health care needs.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, hi good morning I think the way to think about it is that we’ve been reducing and cutting in the main unprofitable SKUs and reducing less profitable cash, that’s what we’ve been doing for the last two years, there has, as James said in his prepared remarks, sales, so we’ve been doing already clearing space really to just that he offers so, of course, we have tight IRR and investment guidance and we always have had and will always have so I think this is fair to assume as we start to scale enroll these initiatives they will be critical to the overall profitability of the box, otherwise we wouldn’t do it to be honest the second thing I would think about is the whole active port driver, in my prepared remarks I spoke a lot about the proximity to customers and customers more and more are loving small boxes easier to navigate parking lots and driving just more convenience in their lives I am really focusing in on how do we drive more customers not just through mobile technology, but also into a very convenient locations to go about their daily lives probably the best example because its the most mature example is FedEx we have the growth when I was seeing through the whole got Walgreens platform, which is now virtually in every Walgreen’s including the ready stores which I just purchased including Puerto Rico the growth there is substantial in terms of number of people are coming to pick up their parcels and drop off their parcels that’s one example which you know more material so, again, I wouldn’t discuss the impact of fruitful and heal on the core health and beauty castries going forward as well so this is real transformation of the drugstore model as early stages, but we can encourage that when you put the right products with the right expertise behind it and good value, our convenience is a natural advantage for us in the marketplace.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, it’s Alex here, yes. So, I mean I think the reimbursement pressure in the UK had been consistent for years, I would say, I have a lot of experience there and this is no exception. I think the thing that’s different a little bit is that for the first time we have seen description items actually flat to slightly down in the marketplace. I think governments also be now working to take items off the national formula that used to be on it and asking customers to pay for it and over the counter. So, I think that’s probably the one change we have seen in the last period, which again contracts volume. But the thing to remember on the positive side there is a global sum in the UK which is our main business. And on top of that, the global sum is shared amongst those with a registered pharmacy. So therefore, overall, we can manage quite a straightforward formula, which is that we know that we are going to have to become more efficient year after year after year. And it’s a pretty steady trend going forward. The big issue in the retail international business this time was really the performance directly of our retail business. And as I think James described very well in prepared remarks about half that issue was driven by market conditions. As James said, we actually are getting more comfortable with our performance in terms of market share and we believe in the measured market, we grew market share in the quarter. But obviously the market is very down, the other half of the issues in retail international business in the UK was driven by one-offs and James described them really well, we have payment changes from the NHS payments. It’s actually a timing issue. We had a change in loyalty. We [are looking for] loyalty which was an official change that we followed. And thirdly, we had the sale of BCM. So again, I think Boots contract manufacturing all of these were the other say they...
Alex Gourlay: And also in terms of actions, James mentioned obviously the cost program, which will be important and secondly, we are really at re-imagining our beauty offer. We have new products and new brands coming in, in the future that we have signed up. And of course, as Stefano has mentioned and James mentioned, the digitalization of it, it’s a big opportunity as well.
Alex Gourlay: Thanks, Aaron. Yes, it’s Alex here. Yes, we are testing in the ground and as Stefano said in the last answer, we are waiting to see exactly how they perform that was always the plan with Optum and UnitedHealth, sorry, was to do that. And they are performing roughly as we had expected in terms of what we are seeing, but we have never – we have not made anymore decisions of expansion or doing things differently at this stage.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, sure. I mean, I think the market numbers are quite clear. The level of branded inflation has reduced in over the last periods and that’s continued and also we think that will get into – that seems to be continue into future as the political pressure and the consumer pressure to go on plays out. With generics, again, we’re seeing less deflation, but there’s still a deflation at marketplace. So clearly both of these together adds a little bit to reimbursement pressure, but it’s something that we’re used to and it’s something that we’ve planned for in our guidance.
