Rick Hans: Thank you Jennifer and good morning everyone. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. Today Greg Wasson, our President and CEO, will discuss the quarter’s highlights and our continued progress in executing our core strategies. In addition, Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will detail our first quarter financial results. Also joining us on the call and available for questions is Kermit Crawford, our President of Pharmacy Services. When we get to your questions please limit yourself to one. As a reminder today’s presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures and I would direct you to our Web site at investor.walgreens.com for reconciliations. Also I’m available throughout the day by phone to answer any additional questions you have. You can find a link to our Web cast under investor relations on our investor relations Web site. After the call this presentation will be archived on our Web site for 12 months. We’re also making that call available as a podcast. You can download that too at our investor relations Web site. Just to remind you, certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking information that is based on current market, competitive and regulatory expectation that involve risk and uncertainty. Except to the extent required by law we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after this presentation whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. Now I’ll turn the call over to Greg.
Rick Hans: Thank you Wade. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions.
Rick Hans: Well folks, that was our final question. Thank you for joining us today. We’ll announce December monthly sales on January 5th. Our next investor relations event will be our annual shareholders meeting on January 12th. Our next quarterly financial announcement will be March 22nd. We will announce fiscal 2011 second quarter results. Until then thank you for listening, happy holidays to everyone and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Wade Miquelon: You know Andy, I’m not going to give a specific number. I mean I think we said last year that last year in terms of about half a billion dollar step up in reimbursement pressure and again a combination of things like AWP, less generics, etcetera. But there is certainly reimbursement pressure that exists. We’ll have some this year. I think I’ve said that we don’t anticipate it’s going to be as tough as last year. So with that I’ll leave it there.
Wade Miquelon: There are unknowns too. AWP agreement, the impact of that remains to be seen so I think even there are things that we just don’t know as well.
Wade Miquelon: It’s really just in the low hundreds, a couple hundred SKUs. I mean I think and given the magnitude of the circa 5000 SKU reduction I’d say that they were pretty close to the mark. We had some opportunities but again, we’ve added back just a couple hundred SKUs.
Wade Miquelon: Okay. That’s a lot so I’ll start and then maybe Greg can take it. And if we miss something you’ll have to come back and help us circle the wagons here.
Wade Miquelon: I think this is definitely a very, very good quarter so we feel good about that. Moving ahead I mean we’re focused really on getting back to those long-term goals. So I think that the message here is that quarter to quarter in any given quarter there can be some volatility up or down and we really want to keep people focused on kind of the more longer term picture of creating value. There are some unknowns still in the quarter. We’ll see how the holiday season finishes out. We’ll see if we get cough, cold. All those thing will help. So I think all we’re really saying is first and foremost there will be some quarterly volatility. But we remain committed over the long haul to deliver these goals. And we feel that we’re off to a very good start for the fiscal.
Wade Miquelon: I guess I would say is we’re not going to just do a cut and paste of what we’ve done at Duane Reade. I mean what Duane Reade has done is right for Duane Reade and there are elements of that that are right at different stores and different permutations. So we’re already taking many of the learnings across whether it’s private label or beauty or fresh, etcetera. But again, there is not going to be just one cut and paste that goes back across the whole franchise.
Wade Miquelon: Well, they’re still pricing more pickles in there. I think recall a year ago I think we had same store inventory down around 14% or something. So that’s part of what just cycling that kind of number. And in these numbers now of course we have if you extracted Duane Reade and the impact they have of receivable, payable and inventory, actually the numbers would look a little bit more impressive. So I think we certainly have opportunities in working capital and in particular inventory and we’re focused against that and we’ll continue to drive that. With respect to the share goal, I mean I really can’t speculate. As you know, we’ve got the billion dollar program out there. We’ve announced that we’d like to complete that within two years. How fast again we’ll go with that remains to be seen.
Wade Miquelon: Yeah. I think Robert any time with a generic you will see an increased gross profit per dollar. So how much it’ll be is yet to be determined but certainly over the branded product we’ll see an increased gross profit.
Wade Miquelon: And we have also made a lot of broadly, both domestically and overseas, a lot of inroads on better private label buying or private brand buying I should say. And I think that we’ll only get better and better in that domain as well.
Wade Miquelon: I think it’s all the factors we laid out, right? It’s more effective pricing, more effective promotion, less markdowns. I mean I think all of the more effective use of funds, straight funds, I think all of those I would say are fairly balanced. There is no one in particular that stands out.
Wade Miquelon: I think part of what will help guide you is to go back and look at that year ago trend and where we cycle. In particular last year the second quarter was a very good quarter for SG&A so that’s one of the harder ones to cycle. And then as you move forward a month or two post that we move out of Duane Reade. That helps us. So I think really I would just guide you to look at the various building blocks we’ve given and then also to look at the year ago period for kind of a two-year stacked look at some of those.
Wade Miquelon: I think what we’re trying to do is rather than get into these once every periodic major cost cutting efforts or reengineering or whatever efforts, we’re trying to really made kind of reengineering cost discipline a way of life so that we don’t get into that position. And so we’ll see what additional benefit comes beyond the billion in future years. But I guess what I would say is we’re really looking at it as how do we continually transform and reengineer to be as effective as possible in all areas.
Wade Miquelon: Well, payables in part is again impact with the mix effect of Duane Reade year on year as well as there is just some of the impact in the various plans and the particular timing of those plans. So I think payables over the long haul is averaged out as pretty consistent. But quarter to quarter you get some of the quarter end effects. And like I said, we also had Duane Reade in there, which we didn’t have a year ago.
Wade Miquelon: I mean I think it was pretty much in line with where we expected for the quarter. And like I said, part of it is always how you look at the quarter is what you’re cycling the year prior. And again, if you look forward again, Q2 last year we had a lot of very solid intervention so we had a very robust quarter. And then again in the latter quarters we had Duane Reade, which had an impact. So I think we’re all focused here very aggressively on trying to reduce costs. Part of what for our $1 billion program a big part of that was transforming community pharmacy, about a quarter of that. And over the last couple of quarters the pharmacy folks have done a terrific job of stepping it to the next level of savings. So I think you also saw that coming through in both Q4 of last fiscal as well as Q1 of this fiscal. So that’s probably the single biggest chunk in there.
Wade Miquelon: Yeah. I would completely echo that. I think any time you go after smart sales you might see a little bit of toughness in the comp but it shows up in the earnings. But I think on top of that our folks are doing a terrific job of making our store experience better and also making sure that the items are more relevant, that we have more solutions. And I think over time you’re going to see that that’s going to be kind of the next meaningful bump versus just promoting.
Wade Miquelon: And just to reiterate what Greg said, people aren’t looking for price. They’re looking for value. And I think value can be served through enhanced private brand program, our pharmacy services, the things we’re doing and expanding the role of the pharmacist. All of these things versus other alternatives we think we can provide meaningful value.
Wade Miquelon: And with respect to quarterly outlook Q2 and Q3 last year were not particularly good generic quarters, right? So in terms of if there is a little bit of step down year on year but for the next couple of quarters we’re circling what was a pretty dry base as well.
Greg Wasson: Yeah Andy, you know and I think what we had said several times is that 2010, all that coming together last year was against a pretty good year on 2009. So we don’t expect the hurdle to be as much. The other thing we do know is that 2011 will have less new generic introductions than 2010. But we’re hoping that all that that came together in 2010 was pretty huge impact to have to go against over 2009.
Greg Wasson: Yeah. I think Andy we’re going to continue to see pressure across all buckets, commercial, government and states and I think we’ll continue to do what we have done over the years. Certainly we’re going to negotiate for fair and predictable rates as we have in the past. We have got to begin to provide and continue to provide value added services that help reduce the entire medical cost, not just pharmacy such as immunizations and so forth and certainly keep a focus on our costs. With that said, I think the plans typically reset in January and so I think we’ve got to keep that in mind for Q2. I think the states we will see as they try to manage their budgets, they’re going to continue to look for ways to reduce costs. And that’s the reason we’ve got to get to them with solutions that are beyond just pharmacy reimbursement but helping them on their medical costs with our take care clinics and everything else that we think we can do to help them so in addition to the increase in generic utilization here. So we’re going to continue to see pressure but I think we understand that. We’re going to continue to work to provide value.
Greg Wasson: Yeah. I would say Andy, it was a little bit of both as far as item and price. But I think Brian and Kim as I’ve said and I think this past quarter I feel good with how they have managed their price and promotion. I think they’ve really gotten laser focused on finding the right items to drive value in both the everyday items that we have as well as in the ads and making sure that we’re buying better. I think better sourcing, which has created less markdowns over the past quarter and the quarter before. So I think it’s kind of all of the above. I think they have really done a nice job figuring out how to drive and shop value for the consumer with key items.
Greg Wasson: Yeah. Scott, hopefully I’m not repeating what Wade said, I’m trying to get to your questions. I do think that as you said, Q2 is highly dependent on Christmas sales, holiday sales and certainly cough, cold and flu. We don’t know how that will turn out. It’s hard to predict. And we’re certainly going to drive as much as we possibly can. To your point, we are against some tough compares in both SG&A from last year. We did a nice job last year because of a weak flu season and weak holiday sales with cost containment and managing SG&A. And with gross margin as well if you recall because of the less markdowns last year we had a pretty good margin increase in December, which offset the tough comps. So we do have some tough compares. But at the same time we’re going to continue to drive price and promotion. We think a lot of our initiatives that are clicking in will help. Keep in mind and I think we did say at the same time, we do have the January time period when third party plans typically reset and we may see some incremental reimbursement pressure there. But you put all that in together and we’re going to continue to focus on driving GP above SG&A as we stated in our goal to be at the annual meeting at the analyst day.
Greg Wasson: I would say obviously top line is everything but I think it’s all three. I think we’ve got to drive comps as we said. But it will be how we manage the gross profit and the margin, SG&A and how we manage that against those tough compares from last year.
Greg Wasson: Scott, obviously we’re still analyzing the performance of it as we speak. It ends I think it’s actually tomorrow. So I think it’s been a good promotion. I’ll tell you from awareness standpoint such as you’re aware of it yourself, I think it’s been a great promotion from us. We’re analyzing the numbers now. We’ll know more as we complete the program. But I think it was a good opportunity for us to get out there on national TV and advertising. I think we have driven awareness and I think we’ve driven people in our stores because of it.
Greg Wasson: Yeah Scott and I’ll weigh in here. I think the way to look at Duane Reade in addition to what it gave us in New York as the leading position in that market, many of their initiatives that you’re talking about really support the initiatives we have in place. Private brand - we’re expanding and enhancing private brand. They’ve got some great expertise there so we’re going to bring that together and be able to accelerate that. Their upscale beauty, fresh food - the good thing is they really complement and enhance many of our initiatives, which will help us accelerate. So it really won’t be just a plug and play of 1000 stores here, 1000 stores there. It really depends on what makes sense across the entire footprint for us to put in place. There may be some stores where we expand grocery, there may be some stores where an upscale beauty offering makes sense and there may be others where it doesn’t. So it’ll be - it’s pretty much just helping us accelerate the initiatives and that’s the reason we think we have such a tremendous opportunity in the front end of our stores. CCR is the beginning and these initiatives now will help us really drive the front end.
Greg Wasson: Yeah Mark, Greg. I do think your first point is right on. We have actually had 2200 or so stores that are actually converted. But you know, a lot of what we’re doing in CCR now is embedded throughout the entire chain. So I think that is what’s helping us with our comp and our margins and so forth. With that said, we’re seeing good customer satisfaction scores. We’re continuing to see efficiencies in the stores themselves with more holding power of the best selling items, less stock room inventories. So therefore that’s helping us with store labor. It is our four-way win that we’re looking for. So the trends that we shared in quarters before are still for the most part directionally the same. And but it gets more difficult as we spread most of CCR throughout the entire chain to compare and convert the store to the rest of the chain.
Greg Wasson: Well, yeah Mark, I think we are probably in the beginning stages. We have sourced product from the Orient for years. Obviously we used a third party entity to help us with that and so we have set up an office in Hong Kong. We have got folks over there that are beginning to become educated and more informed as far as what we can do directly ourselves. We feel good there. But we are in the beginning stages.
Greg Wasson: And this is Greg. I’d like to add to that. Obviously we’re going to continue to look for opportunities but at the same time we need to continue to look for strategic investments to grow some of the future parts of our business. And I’ve talked about before, e-commerce and our sales organizations and so forth. So a lot of that will be obviously it will help offset the cost of strategic investments. But we need to continue to invest in the future of this company and where we need to put resources.
Greg Wasson: Right. So I mean pretty much in terms of that complete step up and that delta by the way - remember we had a goal of zero net and then 500 million net for last fiscal and then a billion step up. But we’re very on track to do that. It’s 55 cents is what we right now, our annual run rate kind of versus our 2008 baseline. And our total goal for a billion is about 54 cents. So there is a little bit more to step up but we’re most of the way home.
Greg Wasson: John, Greg. Obviously that’s the art of retailing, right, you’re asking. I think yeah, we’re managing that very well. And there is opportunity to continue to invest, to drive comp for sure and we’ll continue to look for those opportunities. But I think right now I think we’re striking the right balance. I think we’re swinging doors. We were down a little bit in customer count in the quarter but that was against a very strong flu season as you know last year. So I think that we’re using our money and our spend properly and we’ll continue to look for ways if there is an opportunity to invest to continue to drive comp we will. But I feel good with the balance we have achieved.
Greg Wasson: I think that the delta that I talk about a lot John, I think we monitor that to make sure that we’re right, we’re not over, that delta doesn’t become too large to where we lose the convenience factor. But yeah, I think we’re right. I think that our convenience will indeed a delta between us and a mass retailer. Now believe me, we’ve got to watch that. There are items that we bring down and then others that we try to compensate for that. But I think we still have - our convenience still affords us a delta but I think then beyond that it’s what Wade’s talking about. There are other ways to shop value. As we come in with beer and wine and a better experience and fresh food and serving the food desert locations within the south side of Chicago. That affords you elasticity John. So I think we’re managing our delta well and I think that convenience will afford us that in the long term.
Kermit Crawford: So Tom, this is Kermit. So first of all, at the end of this week we’ll have administered over 6 million flu shots, really more than any other retail provider in this country. And as Greg said earlier, we’re still the single largest provider of flu shots other than the US government. So if you think about the conference call we had with HHS and CDC last week, we have administered over 6% of all flu shots that were given in this country. And that’s up from our 3.5% market share a year ago so we have had strong support from our vendors. You saw where we wrote off the 2 cents in the vaccine inventory in the first quarter. And we sort of can’t speculate how the rest of the flu season will play out but I will tell you we were very aggressive this year and we will again be aggressive next year. Our goal is to remain the leading provider of flu shots in this country. And last year we disappointed a lot of our customers by not having that inventory. And that won’t happen in this flu season.
Kermit Crawford: So John, I think there is constant pressure on reimbursement as plans look for ways to lower their overall costs. And typically plans do reset the rates in January and some of the benefit design changes, which we do expect. But when we think about how we are working with our partners and/or payers, it’s more about bringing value. When you look at some of the programs that we have put in place around adherence that drive more adherence, programs like WOW, where we’re actually doing screenings for patients with diabetics, growing/driving more adherence on their medications - all these things are leading to decrease in the number of blindness, amputations, kidney failures. So we’re helping them to lower the overall medical costs and really bring more value than just looking at a reimbursement rate on 30-day scripts.
Kermit Crawford: David, just real quick, although the impact of this quarter was positive, I mean we expect that the gross profit impact of new generics will be slightly a step down this year versus last year. And the way you look at generics, we mentioned it in our analyst day, is that some of the big generics that are coming, the Lipitors and things, are really going to impact us FY12. So I don’t think much has changed since our last quarter on the impact of new generics and how we look at it.
