Stefano Pessina: Thank you, Alex, in the company, we are facing some significant challenges and are moving fast to overcome them. Many of our businesses have been operating very successfully for many years and have faced extraordinary challenges and disruptions in various markets in that time. We have always been able to provide, adapt in time and I am convinced that we will come out of these crises in a strong position with a clear path to sustainable long term growth. I'm encouraged by the tangible progress we have made the quarter in developing our strategic priorities. Our agreement with Microsoft and Adobe is hugely significant and we deliver a significant step forward in our ability to offer a personalized service to our customers. The increased saving goals for our Transformational Cost Management Program gives us even more capacity to react quickly to the new market environment. As we implement our amount of savings to invest, to grow and most importantly, I am very excited about the huge step forward we have taken in our health strategy through our extended partnership with VillageMD, which will transform our community healthcare offering. Despite the challenges have come, we continue to be a well positioned company with robust and defendable cash flow and a solid balance sheet. This will allow us to invest with confidence in our business at a time when many other companies do not have the same capability. As you’ve heard 2021 will be a year of increased investment to pave the wave for a return to sustainable predictable growth. The strength of our company, the dedication of our people and the response of our customers as they recognize our commitment to serving them and supporting their communities gives me great confidence in the future of our business and if anything further strengthen my own resolve to deliver the changes that we need to drive sustainable growth. Thank you. Now we'll take your questions.
Stefano Pessina: Yeah and confirm exactly what Alex said, if you look at the US business, with an impact of around $300 million to $350 million. Two thirds of the impact was due to gross profit and one third was due to higher SG&A as a result of bonuses for select employees plus cleaning and sanitary expenses. When you go back to the gross profit which is around $225 million to $250 million, all of it is due to raise all in the retail business. So essentially, we didn't have a volume impact because the negative trend that we saw on pharmacy scripts and that was entirely due to medical visits and the impact on new prescriptions was entirely offset by continued buoyancy on our retail business. So it was actually -- just answer to summarize everything on the gross profit was rate and the best example of the one I gave in the script is we have a fairly large photo business with quite effective margins and a decline in that business essentially cost us 90 basis points of margin just due to having profit above is compared to the average of the business.
Stefano Pessina: You remember probably that we've tried many different formats of clinics, and as always, we try. We are patient and we want to see where we have the return. And with VillageMD, we found the model where we could see a real return in relatively short term or medium term and we see really complement with our pharmacies with what we normally do in a pharmacy. After many trials, we've found that that this model is probably the one which fit best with our pharmacists and when we have seen these, we didn’t hesitate to invest heavily in this model.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Eric, it's Alex here. Good morning. The pharmacy trend in margin was really as we had expected. So we saw some decline, and you see the IQVIA data as the pandemic come through on commercial, but has recovered as people have come back into employment to some extent. But really, it wasn't as expected. There was really no other change and as we come through notes of June, again we're watching this as you can imagine very carefully and there is nothing within that trend that went beyond what we had expect to see. What is very different is the neurotherapy, which I think James has covered in his comments where again we're seeing a reduction of just I think of 28% according to IQVIA data and neurotherapy. So the volume through this quarter was substantially less than we had expected. Having said that, we were quite worried as I think as we saw the mail order number shift, particularly in the early weeks of the pandemic, but again we're more relaxed now to see that the mail order and the retail business has stabilized particularly in the last six weeks. So that really has been the story of the pharmacy margin, this is more of a volume story than it is of any shift in the margin from our perspective.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Charles and we're seeing a recovery in new therapy but it is still I would say unpredictable for all of the obvious reasons as you're seeing a further spread of the virus in many states across USA. So we're seeing return and James has given you the number we saw in June for our scripts. So encouraging but still not completely predictable and certainly not back to the number it was before the pandemic. In terms of second question, we just had a really successful trial in Houston with VillageMD, which we have accelerated with a very good management team. They are agnostic to payers. They work within every payer in the marketplace and every healthcare system. They do both fixed, they do fee for service. They do of course taking risk and most importantly of all, from our point of view, they take care of people with long term conditions. We know the $4 trillion of spend in the USA, 85% of that is long-term conditions. So they come to us with a full file from doctors. They move that file through their very strong technology to more than free from service on to taking risk and the model just works truly well really very quickly and therefore we're very keen to accelerate. We say very good relationships with UnitedHealth, and we're working with them as you know in the Las Vegas area both on centers for enrollment but also, importantly, centers for primary care and of course we continue to expand our partners in primary care model. We've opened three more of them as well. So we continue to believe strongly in the neighborhood destination concept. We believe we'll have to have more partners than just one but at the moment, the partner who really has performed the best for us has been VillageMD and we're very committed to accelerating in the way we described.
Alex Gourlay: And just finally, sorry, Charles, I missed LabCorp. LabCorp are really important partners to us. We have over 110, 112 I think is exactly so that really continues and we're developing of course new models with them for testing and I know obviously we'll continue to work very closely with our team. So again we feel very good of our partnership with LabCorp.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah I think that we'll see one of the key numbers reported was a 200% increase in our mobile app usage which is very encouraging. And therefore, as we see the full decline in physical stores and of course as customers adopt new Omni channel methodologies from how to do the shopping, we are very committed to accelerating in the use of the approximately and the conversion of the app into sales both retail and healthcare sales particularly in Walgreens. You saw an announcement two days ago about the Adobe-Microsoft partnership. That's really about a new approach to marketing, which we've tested for about 12 months and we're really excited by their performance and significant increases in sales and outperformance. So as we go forward, we believe that our ability to personalize our marketing, turn the dollars we spent today into different types of dollars at personalized marketing for customers, we believe that we'll be able to convert more people in mobile app drive as James has said in the UK which has been very successful for us, buy online, pick up in store, also drive-thru windows and convert more and more people into this idea of omnichannel and also platform strategy as I mentioned I think in prepared comments this idea of customer engagement platform is one we're investing in very heavily focused on our pharmacy folks and healthcare, folks in all the partnerships we've created including the VillageMD partnership, as Stefano referred to a few minutes ago. So we remain convinced that our stores are beautifully placed as forward distribution hubs in the communities and we're now investing to make sure as people more and more move to omnichannel ways of getting their goods and services including healthcare we're absolutely convinced that our investment strategy will come through strongly in years ahead.
Alex Gourlay: And just one other number that's important to understand is that we did have a lot more urban stores and some of the direct competition which I think is an advantage in the long term, but the moment the urban areas are most affected by the risk and the fear of the pandemic. So for example in New York City and Manhattan, we have almost 100 stores in Manhattan alone and you can imagine the footfall and the sales and the transaction are heavily down in these markets.
Alex Gourlay: The reality is there are hotspots where we're seeing some pantry-loading and then some quieting down. But really broadly, it's pretty consistent apart from the urban areas. So urban areas which James has mentioned. So again the patterns are when you quit down a level or two, so for example, if we take Houston as maybe an example of it, we did see evidence of some pantry-loading a couple of weeks ago, but they are in very specific areas and the trend is not really that clear from the numbers that we're seeing. They are clear trend that go back to what James quoted before as a very clear trend and we're watching this every single day and of course we're continuing to take all the actions we have to take to keep our stores, our pharmacies clean and applying all the rules, which are so important and of course making sure the number one product is keeping our people safe and secure and our customers safe and secure in our primacies. So there is no real trends beyond the one that James has said that we've really picked up.
Alex Gourlay: I think one thing I would say, and again, it's been well commented is that local smaller stores are doing reasonably well again. So again we feel confident about the addition of our pharmacies and the size of pharmacies. Again national I think is coming through in a lot of market research size for sure.
Alex Gourlay: Yeah so absolutely pharmacy comp is a big one for all the obvious reasons and I think as we said already here, the bring in a full file of patients with them. So these doctors come in with a full file. So from day one, they are writing prescriptions for all the patients who fall then into the surgery. We love this idea of the family doctors. Really clear from market research that the family doctor, the PCP, is the person that people trusted the quarterback of the healthcare system. To put them in partnership in physical stores and in digital assets with their pharmacists and their nurses, then you get the coordinated care in a way that really reduces costs, improves are and particularly helps people to manage long-term conditions that we've described. So that is definitely one driver, along with other health care products which are associated with that doctor's practice and what the doctors recommended and what of course people take the side of the pharmacies as OTC. The other thing that's important to understand in the short term in the MPS score. In the MPS score over 90%, so this is a really fantastic feedback and the way that these particular VillageMDs are designed is really strong from the point of view of your local surgery quite different and I hope you’ve seen the pictures to what many local surgeries look like today. And last but not least of course they are very good as a practice and as a company with the software they have, they are able to really use that software to help doctors to spot gaps in care and take the best next step so closing, improving star ratings and all the things that really drive the more risk based models, which is very strong in their software and again we expect as we go forward, this will become more and more of our integrated care model and more opportunities for ourselves and other partners to divide the solutions that our long-term patients with chronic conditions needs going forward.
Alex Gourlay: Well what I can describe is that Walgreens I guess offer 20% of an average market share. You can expect us to be well above 50% when these -- with all market share when these settle down.
James Kehoe: Yes. I'll take a bit of a shot at that. Our biggest online business is actually in the UK. Its $500 million plus business and has a very strong position in beauty and what we're looking at right now and I think I said in the prepared remarks foot traffic in our stores was down 85% which is always a tremendous impact in the UK. So effectively it was at a standstill and at the beginning of the crisis, we didn't have enough capacity in our online business, and we exited the quarter with sufficient capacity for the future. So what are we seeing right now, we are seeing in the UK that there is a slow recovery on the High Street, but transactions are still down 46%. Again it's a huge number but our online business over the last weeks and months is running in excess of 120% growth and we would expect that to continue at least for the next quarter. And I think with the job we have now is how do we move this business from being $0.5 billion business to $1 billion business. So we're setting different goals and we actually built one to market to define what we want to do. We want to define a much stronger e-commerce business in the UK where we actually have a very strong set of assets, we have a very powerful loyalty program with I think it's 17 million to 18 million members. The second thing is strong starting position and we clearly want to speak out our number one position as a beauty retail online. Regarding the permanency, I think as you build models in the next year, I think you have to assume that we will have transaction declines for the first half of next year. And I think you will see that as well in the US but it's less exaggerated in the US. But you will also see a very strong online business and to get back to your margin question, this is quite unusual. So in the quarter, we a 78% increase in online sales and that's a weak start for the quarter and running at 120% in May. The biggest issue on margin though is not necessarily the absolute increase in the online margins because we actually have had a very attractive margin profile in the UK on our e-commerce business. The issue is prior to the COVID pandemic, 70% of the orders were picked up in store and right now it's less than 20%. Now the biggest incremental cost we have is the fact that it has a zero cost is somebody is picking it up in store and it's probably cost you $3 to $4 more to actually ship it to somebody's house. So we believe that will reverse but it's probably six months away. So as consumers get much more comfortable coming back for the High Street, they will also become much more comfortable at pickup in store, which will reduce the headwind on margin as we move forward. But this will be a month by month kind of thing where we're actively managing the situation and secondly, we did put in place some short term distribution gap fillers that obviously have a higher cost right now. And as we put in place more permanent Omni channel delivery methods and the cost will come down. The US market is a little different. The margins are not attractive in the US market. It's $300 million to $400 million business. So we're quite behind the competition and maybe I'll pass it over to Alex because we have a very aggressive strategy in mind really built strong Omni channel presence in the US. We do recognize we're behind the market and we're scaling up the investment as we speak. So maybe I'll pass it to Alex and he can bring you through some of the vision for the next 6 to 18 months.
James Kehoe: And then maybe the part we didn't cover was what's happening in the US front of store. Right now the transactions are down somewhere between 10% and 12%, but the basket size is up considerably. So we're doing a lot of work on retention of customer. But we expect -- we've seen a dramatic improvement over the last weeks as the lockdown relaxed. So currently the transactions are 11%, the drug channel is a channel that was losing transactions over a multiyear period call it 3% to 4%, but the gap is starting to close on transactions, but we're quite surprised, pleasantly surprised by our ability to retain basket size and there is a shift happening in the market where convenient locations have an advantage here that were becoming a destination. It's less frequent right now, but the destination when they come to it or they opt a higher selection.
James Kehoe: It's quite interesting because as Alex said, it's very geographically dispersed. So we have a large proportion of our stores are rural and they're up about 8% in the quarter and you've got a small number of urban stores maybe 300 to 400 urban stores and they're down 18%. So as you move out of the big cities, which have disproportionately impacted, our performance is much, much better.
James Kehoe: We did see slight outperformance in May in Texas and the Southwest on the transaction basis because they relaxed sooner and then but these things are moving around. It's not just any points of growth. It's more like two to three as a difference. It's really Metropolitan compared to rural and suburban. That's where you see the biggest shift.
James Kehoe: As we look at why did we raise the guidance from a transformational cost management program is the savings were seeing here to date and two is we just have greater visibility for the future programs and the degree of certainty has gone up dramatically and I think we alluded to that on the prior call. So it's not a specific program. It's a combination of programs and over a multiyear period. We did see some delays as a result of COVID and you know we haven’t moved quite a lot of supply chain and operations people away from transformational cost management program and we estimate that probably cost of program in the year above $45 million but we were easily able to absorb that with other actions to contain costs. So we think if you look against the peer set out there and the amount of incremental overhead, some of them have incurred. We believe that our $100 million in the quarter is quite low number compared to the peer set and we try to manage that as closely as we could. So we think we've done quite well on that. Your cash flow question is a good one. This is kind of interesting because there is a lot of moving pieces here. One is we do estimate that at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $0.5 billion of higher inventory to fulfill the actual volatility in demand and whether that's across pharmacy or across retail, we took a conscious decision that we were privileging having availability in-store and we exited the quarter with very, very strong available. So that $500 million we'll work itself some of it out of the cash flow by the end of the year, but we actually believe that with a risk of a potential second wave, we will probably retain somewhere between $200 million and $300 million of excess inventory at the end of the year and when I say excess that's the cover volatility that's increased significantly. Some of that is offset but a good question on capital programs and a really good example here is we have to half for a period of time our SAP rollout in the US which is a huge program because we couldn’t go into a store when they were struggling to fulfill demand in a very complex environment. So we will have a deferral of capital expenditures of probably $150 million to $250 million and I give it deliberately wrong range because I'm not sure how much of that will impact next year. So there will be inventory will probably go down next year compared to this year, but capital expenditure will go up because of deferrals this year and then the last part is there have been some assistance from the US government in terms of the deferral of cash contributions and payroll taxes on that horizon and there's been some in the UK as well. That probably benefit our cash flow to the tune of $300 million. And as you look forward that will work itself out of the system going forward. So in summary we added a lot of inventory $0.5 billion and that was offset by government contributions and the government contributions and the capital expenditures phasing. So we effectively exited the quarter with a zero impact on cash flow as a result of COVID. We do think it's probably a good idea that we keep excess inventory as we exit the year and that will have some impact on the profile next year. I hope that's helpful as you're thinking through the impacts.
