Wade Miquelon: Yes, I think that’s right. I think we’re still aggressively driving all the [ph] [above] opportunities, but as Greg said we have opportunities below the line as well in terms of how we think about structure or cap structure, refinancing in the like and so we’re making sure at this point in time that we look at every thing kind of interdependently as a web of choices and we maximize value as best we can.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I think both Greg and I kind of listed them, but I would say everything, anything that can create value so we’re looking at apart from again kind of the organizational operational structure, we’re looking at more to the ideal cost structure moving forward. We’re looking at what's the ideal way to structure the transaction from a legal point of view. We’re looking at what's the best balance of the cap structures we think about the amount of cash this company can generate in a combined form. We’re looking at again the best way to refinance the transaction as we move forward. So, I would say that everything or anything what related to the big measures and again I think we’re going to make sure that we land down in a place that’s in the best interest of our shareholders long-term.
Wade Miquelon: Well, I’d say that it's a fairly complex topic, but there’s lots of different levers. One is, I think that we’re going to be -- we’re not going to be very tolerant of long-term partnership with people that are opportunistic. I think number two is, we do have contracts which over time need to reflect the market, but then there’s also indexes that those contracts are based on and some of those are sometimes maybe late in reflecting the realities of the market place, but over time we believe that those will catch up as well and therefore that will flow through. So, there are many different levers to go at it and we’re working all of them. But I do think that it will roll through as we go through. So, I don’t know Kermit, if you want to comment on it.
Wade Miquelon: No, I think that the way we’re going at it is to really look closely across the major processes that drive cost versus in silos or in small buckets and I think that I guess one of the examples currently it's just the entire cost of fill process and how we think about in 90 day and how we think about ePrescribe and how we think about working with payers differently to drive really radical improvements in those processes and therefore cost. So I think there’s a lot of opportunity in both, but I think that it's looking at it more systemically going after the big prices, the way we’re going to get the bit cost out, Kermit.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I guess I just would say across the board both in the front end and the pharmacy I think we’ve got real growth momentum. And I think what's also encouraging is that our customer satisfaction metrics continue to strengthen. That’s very fundamental and important for the long-term.
Wade Miquelon: I think one of the things David that we’re excited about and again I think it's the work that Jeff Berkowitz and team in Bern are doing combined with Mike Ellis and Kermit’s group that’s running our specialty group there with a central and retail model. We’re gaining access to limited distribution drugs. In fact, I think we’ve gained access to every one of the last 14 or 15 launches of limited distribution drugs. I think that’s reflective of the fact the good work that Jeff and team are doing with our pharma partners who are looking for special services as well as what Kermit and team are doing with the services we provide both centrally and at retail. So to me that’s a solid proof of point that we are making progress and winning in specialty space.
Wade Miquelon: I think the thing that -- I think Greg said that the thing that probably wasn’t fully anticipated probably was just what we’ve seen in some inflation on drugs, and it's a fairly narrow subset but some pretty hefty increases. And those contracts historically have been under the assumption that there is net deflation. But like I said I think there’s many ways that we can attack this, and I can assure you that we’re going after it from all angles. And I do think though that again I think that if we can drive market share growth, if we can drive better customer satisfaction, if we can optimize our cost accordingly, and if we can tack this issue on all fronts I think we’re as well positioned as anybody to be successful.
Wade Miquelon: Yes, I think certainly right now we’re focused on maximize and optimize, I mean the synergies that we can achieve through the three of us with AB and ABC, and I think there’s tremendous opportunity there to continue to realize before we’d begin to really discuss maybe other partners.
Wade Miquelon: I think -- I guess I would just augment it and say I think they’ve also done some great work below the line, so both in terms of some of the tax efficiency work they’ve done in terms of driving very aggressive cash flow which has helped them to lever and as you know they refinanced a while back. Also we have a strong pound situation, which is also very favorable too, so I think on that we feel very good about their business and again they’ve a couple of challenging markets they’re in, but they’re positioned well for the long-term and I think on a cash flow base and after tax basis, the business had made up a lot of ground there. So we feel good.
Wade Miquelon: And there is lot opportunity, but I think the key is making the right choice, so they all interplay with each other for the best long-term value creation for shareholders and we’re looking at everything.
Greg Wasson: And George I would add, and I think the main point is all those that Wade just rattled are interdependent, and therefore we want to make sure that we thought through them all and that’s the reason we thought kind of late July we’d just have a lot more visibility on how all those connect and drive value together.
Greg Wasson: Well we’re working on accelerating up the optimization efforts across the entire organization. George we’ve actually identified and actually realized a lot of opportunity. Current the challenges unfortunately some of the pressure we’ve seen on pharmacy margin has eaten some of that up, that’s the reason I have elected a key executive begin to look for and identify new opportunities. The good news is, is we’re finding opportunities. We’re now in the process of trying to figure out how to get at it. What are the plans, the processes, several or some of those maybe require some restructuring or not. So we’re in the process of doing that. The other thing is that, we’ve been four to six weeks away from the real work that Wade and team are doing around the combined merger. We definitely, we see to reduce cost as the entity comes together. So, again we want to kind of put all that together and come to you with as much as we possibly can in that call that’s coming up in four to six weeks.
Greg Wasson: Yes, John on the first part, no, I don’t necessarily think that we should assume that the US business cannot continue to grow on profitability. I think the work that Alex and Mark and team are doing on the front end of the business, we think we have -- we think we actually have tremendous opportunity to grow EBIT and operating margin on the front end of the business. We are beginning to getting more confidence in just that, and I think that is obviously going to help us with the overall business. I think in the pharmacy business the good thing is, is that we’re growing top line for the first time consistently in a long time with some of those strategic decisions I’ve talked about. We’re absolutely winning in a Part D space. We’re growing 90 day customers and so forth. We do have obviously the pharmacy margin pressure that we talked about. But I think Kermit and team and he can maybe allude a little bit about how we think will go at that. We think we -- we think with our contracting strategy going forward, with the generic inflation that we’re seeing versus historical deflation we're going to start taking that in consideration in our contracting. He’s going at cost of fill reduction with a vengeance and I think with Bern, and Jeff Berkowitz and John out in Bern, we’re positioned better than anyone to be able to get at comp. As far as the cost opportunities, I think there’s a little of both. I think that there’s opportunity to get at cost to your point that’s more maybe cyclical, but I think structurally we’re going after -- we’re going after the business from a structural point of view, everything from supply chain, everything from how we supervise and manage stores, everything from looking at our store footprint as we never have in the past and as we indicated on the last call. So we’re really taking a step back and looking at the entire enterprise from a structural perspective.
Greg Wasson: I think there’s opportunity. Yes, I think Jeff and team have their pedal on the metal and their foot on the accelerator as far as trying to find to deliver additional opportunities. And yes, I’m optimistic that there’s additional opportunity in Bern.
Greg Wasson: Yes, Ricky I think as I said we’re certainly analyzing all the moving parts that will lead us to certainly our decision on the timing the structure of step 2 and so it's difficult to kind of break those apart and talk more of a piecemeal. I'll say as we had said that we’re looking at all and everything. We’re looking at everything from what the timing, best timing would be, what the capital structure should be, what our tax structure or what the structure could do to as far as our effective tax rate. So, and that’s complex stuff I guess is what I would say Ricky as we work through this. We are working around the clock to try to understand all the above so that we’re able to make the right decision for the company. And again that’s why we need a little more time to be able to bring all this together. But I would say that we’re looking at everything. It is complex and it's all interdependent and that’s why we want to come forth with a call where we can give as much as we possibly can at late July early August.
Greg Wasson: Yes, Ricky I’ll start off maybe my peers can weigh in. I would say that historically we’ve done I think an admirable job on controlling on SG&A into your stack. Now with that said, we need to do more. And I also think that frankly we have cut a lot in the last six months to a year unfortunately some of that’s got absorbed in the increased pharmacy margin pressure that we’ve seen. With that said, we’re continuing to identify additional opportunity. So, I wouldn’t want you to read into the fact that we have not been getting after it. Now with that said, we also think that as we look at the current Walgreen business and opportunities in addition with the merger of the two that there are going to be even greater opportunities in different ways of looking at that. So, we’re absolutely focused on the core business. We have made significant reductions, some of that’s been absorbed as I said because the pressure of the margin we’re identifying additional opportunities and we’re going to combine those with every other opportunities we have at Step 2.
Greg Wasson: We don’t give that out. They were both to multi-year contract Ricky, but we don’t -- and the reason is, for competitive reasons we don’t -- obviously we don’t want to be disadvantaged.
Greg Wasson: Yes. Thanks Steve for putting in three buckets for me. Yes, I think and I’ll let Kermit maybe weigh in. I think certainly generic inflation kind of runs through a lot of this, and meaning that it shows up in the contracts obviously we’re -- certainly we were thinking about the deflation and now seeing some inflation. We’re also just -- obviously just playing cogs. We’re certainly doing everything we can do at Bern to offset that. But I think in the order of magnitude I think probably generic inflation is specifically more -- probably more important because it was -- we didn’t quite anticipate it. A lot of the other strategic decisions we certainly anticipated. We know exactly what our contract arrangements with some of the commercial plans are. We know what our Part D preferred positions cost this as far as gross margin. This was really kind of snuck up I think on the industry and us, and now I do think as I said I don’t -- I can’t think of anyone that’s better positioned than us to offset this because of what we’re doing at Bern. But I would say inflation. Kermit, you want to add.
Greg Wasson: So, every contract is different. But you’re right, it's kind of a general abstraction that’s more or less true, but the thing is that I guess the key thing I alluded to earlier is that the indexes that those are based on don’t always immediately reflect the changes in that inflation, and so that’s the disconnect. But again I think we’re working this from many different angles.
Greg Wasson: David, it's still very early to tail around ACA. I mean obviously publicly they have announced 8 million people have joined the ACA. We certainly feel like we’re getting our share of that 8 million people, but certainly some of those folks were former cash paying customers that are now in the exchange. They were former customers at other forms of coverage that are now in the exchange. So, I think it's still early on around ACA where we’re seeing growth in our core business. I mean Wade talked about gaining back customers from our ESI customers. But primarily when we look at this business our core business Med D 90-day return of ESI, low ACA is all growing our underlying business.
Greg Wasson: Yes, it's certainly a positive driver long-term. David, as you know it does impact the margin. Wade mentioned earlier in our speech and, but we’re seeing positive growth in our specialty business.
Greg Wasson: Yes, maybe I’ll start and let Kermit jump in. When I’m talking about the growth in 90 day, Lisa it's 90 day in general across the entire market place which excites me because I think as I said we launched it, we realized it was going to impact margin because of the fills, but at the same time we have seen male level off, we have seen customers who want to get 90 day supplies. There are few many pharmacists that continue to grow, so therefore I think it was absolutely the right thing for us to do for the consumer. Smart90 is a subset of that, and I do think we have been working with Express Scripts customer-by-customer somewhat unique. Those that are looking for a Smart90 solution is, the good thing is Express Scripts has an opportunity to present that. And Kermit, I think we’ve been pretty pleased with that.
Greg Wasson: Yes. Lisa, I wouldn’t say that it’s been delayed. I think Bern, we’re pleased with and we’re out of the gates pretty quickly and on track. I think it’s a subset of molecules that have kind of popped up in this inflationary environment that we’re -- that caught I think the entire industry a little off guar. I’d say ourselves as well. We’re now all over with the combined Walgreen team with Bern team focused on those molecules. I do think that and there is a lot of moving parts there as Wade alluded to earlier, that the cost increase, the -- the corresponding AWP is not keeping up with the cost increases. There is a whole lot of things that we’re looking at. But I will say back to kind of the structural issue, I think the good thing is we’re aware of it, we’re on it. We know how to go at it and we -- and I think we’re well positioned as anyone to get after. But it did -- it was something that we didn’t expect. We are working through it and I think we’re well positioned to cover it and correct for it.
Greg Wasson: Maybe I’ll start Ed, and let Wade fill in. I think obviously still a challenging environment in some of the countries throughout Europe. I think as I’ve said, Stefano and his team pretty solid team, they’re managing through that. I think -- but they’re indeed had some challenges in some areas of the business. I do think when you look at their business compared to the markets whether it’s the retail business, boots business or the wholesale business and compare them to the market, to their competitors. They’re actually winning against the rest of the market and therefore that’s encouraging, they’re growing share. But as we’ve had some softness in parts of our business that we’re correcting for, they’ve had softness in parts of their business that they’re working to correct for.
Greg Wasson: And then I do think as we’ve said, certainly we weren’t on hitting the CAGR, to hit our adjusted earnings we had and their CAGR -- their EBIT CAGR has not been -- is below their original plan, but they’re doing a lot of things to try to offset that and correct for it.
Greg Wasson: Hey Ed, I will jump and let Wade -- I would be -- I’m hesitant to go there. I think as I said, we just had too many moving parts right now that we’re working through. There is potential obviously and that’s what we’re looking through from all of those how they come together. But I think give us the four to six weeks and we will be able to give -- we have a lot more clarity on how this is coming together and be able to give you a lot more information at that time.
Kermit Crawford: Yes, Meredith maybe I’d add to that, that sort of this past year we have seen a shift from historical patterns of deflation in the generic drug cost which we have planned for into one that is inflation and it is negatively impacting our margin. But I wouldn’t say it's all around the drug inflation. I mean we’ve certainly had some increase in our third party reimbursement pressures. We have had fewer brand-to-generic drug conversions compared to a year ago. And so as we think about our contracting strategy it certainly will account for these increases in the drug cost. But there are other things we’re doing as well. Greg had mentioned we’re aggressively looking at our cost of fill around improving efficiencies in our cost of fill sometimes like technology where our customers are refilling their prescriptions through digital and mobile technology, through automation that is making us more efficient in selling prescriptions, through centralization that is reducing labor in the stores but as the same time increasing our customer service level. And I also do believe that our joint venture with Alliance Boots, we’re well positioned to provide some offset to this increase in drug pricing. So, I think over time you’ll see the market adjust through market efficiencies, through supply and demand.
Kermit Crawford: Steve, I would add that generic inflation was higher than we expected compared to the normal deflation that we planned for and we saw the full impact of that in the third quarter versus the second quarter. But I’d also add our growing 90 day share and our market share of Medicare Part D. I mean both of those as Greg mentioned earlier we are growing market share. Both of those margins have been hurt in the near term. Because of that and the expectation in both 90 day and in our mix of the Medicare Part D is greater than we had anticipated this quarter. So, I think when you look at a combination of the impact of our reimbursement pressure we’ve not been able to fully offset that due to a lack of new generics as well as the generic inflation versus deflation.
Kermit Crawford: When you compare to that, that Smart90 is just hitting the market now and right now it wouldn’t be a significant contributor to our overall 90 day retail. I mean, a lot of the 90 day retail has been driven by the increase in market share of our preferred networks under Medicare Part D.
