Gerald Gradwell: Hello and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. I'm Gerald Gradwell, I'm here with Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and George Fairweather, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer. He will take you through our results as usual in a moment. We're also joined by Alex Gourlay, Co-Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance, who will be joining us for questions. You will find a link to our webcast on our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months. Certain statements and projections of future results made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market, competitive and regulatory expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K for a discussion of risk factors as they relate to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, today's presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. And we refer you to the Appendix in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. I will now hand you over to George again to take you through the numbers.
Gerald Gradwell: It's the combination if you look at the relativity of generic deflation relative to what's happening on the brand mix is always the other factor and to much lesser extent, the reimbursement element.
Gerald Gradwell: Yes, it's roughly under 2000 just now, and it moves up to roughly 50,000 over a state of just under – we're going to see just approaching 8300. So, 3000 will have this by the end of this – really the end of the summer effectively.
Gerald Gradwell: No, again it's really early on and the way we measure this really is about the underlying retail margin, the operating margin in particular and the more we see increases, relatively speaking, in beauty care and healthcare but in the beauty care, the more we see the retail underlying margin improving over time in a sustainable way. We are working around, I'd say, the rest of the model. As Stefano said in his opening remarks, we are changing this model in quite a torrid time in the U.S. for market changes. So we are very pleased with the progress we are making. But that's how we measure it.
Gerald Gradwell: I would just reiterate. If you just think of the guidance that we've given, we have maintained our guidance today. If you do the maths, then that implies to 7% to 11% year-over-year growth and that includes approximately a 12% headwind for currency. So if you exclude the headwind and obviously currency can go one way or the other but if you exclude the headwind then the guidance implies 9% to 13% year-over-year growth and underlying adjusted EPS. So I think that really I think gives us strong indication of what our thinking is and what we see how the businesses is performing overall. And as we said at the start of the year, this would be a more second half weighted in the year. The first quarter, second quarter has come out very much in line with our expectation. So that's really how we're thinking about how the business is performing at the moment.
Gerald Gradwell: The flexibility is simply obviously the lower price and the timing. I mean, we've been very clear that in terms of our policy is solid investment grade. We worked very closely with the credit agencies as you would expect which is important for our debt investors. And with the timing of the transaction with the revise consideration and with - what continues to be a very strong cash flows, I think you’ve seen again from this quarter's results that simply is why we've decided to announce what is the relatively modest buyback program. It's fine tuning is how I would describe it.
Gerald Gradwell: Thank you very much indeed, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for our calls. Sorry for the technical problems we had at the beginning, but I believe you could all hear after we restarted. So thank you very much indeed and the IR team are available to take all and answer any questions you might have in the coming days, weeks, months whatever. And we will look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you very much indeed.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Bob, it's Alex here. Yes, I think in the prepared remarks George and both Stefano said, it was a tough market first of all. So we saw good growth in a tough market, particularly in healthcare which you expect to see the link to the pharmacy business and also through investment in beauty care we saw again some solid growth. Where we didn’t see growth in the front end was really in the seasonal businesses. It was a tough Valentine's Day for the whole market. And also in food where there's quite a lot of deflation driven by competition and some commodity pricing that sort of affect us last summer is still running. We do track as best as we can link sales and we are confident that we are seeing the link we expected. I'm also very confident as the market moves on this new volume and the new food will improve the front end performance against the strategy that we have clearly laid out.
Alex Gourlay: Given the timing that we've just earlier this week announced that would be the buyback of up to $1 billion. It won’t have any material impact in this year's earnings where we stop buying back shares.
Alex Gourlay: I think you are absolutely right. We've clearly got great corners. We had a platform of course is a great digital platform. So we have definitely got the right presence in the market. We don't have the right products in this space so we have physically in our stores. And we are doing something about that. I mean, as George said in his prepared remarks, we are now going to accelerate the reduction of our unnecessary SKUs. We've already been working hard in areas like seasonal before this I’m going to go further particularly as we look our lower volume stores are going forward. We are very committed to finding the right products on the right healthcare solutions for this space that we free up and we've got good experience in Europe, for example, with our opticians business and with the health and care business. And of course, we've got good experience here in America with clinics. So you’re absolutely right. We are really thinking very hard in testing and trialing different ways by which we can offer customers more particularly as we move more health, wellness, beauty convince model. And that's very much part of our thinking. But it will take some time. I think as we said before to get the right customer experience, the right partnerships, and particular under economics but we are comfortable to find that model in this marketplace.
Alex Gourlay: Hi, John, it's Alex here. I think we play in the marketplace and the marketplace is definitely evolving towards narrower networks. We really work hard to figure out what the payer or the marketplace wants, whether that be the commercial marketplace or Med D, and obviously Medicaid as well, and we work on economic model to see what the volume evolves look like. So we don’t try and drive the marketplace in that direction. We believe strongly in partnerships. We have no best interest apart from looking after our customers and giving good value, a combination of price and service. But there's no doubt the marketplace is evolving towards narrower networks and we have to operate and participate in that marketplace.
Alex Gourlay: We think the opportunity is very much inside of a drug stores and new towards more of a health and beauty convenience specialist, that's what we’re seeing the investment and the growth rate now. The future of the business will be focused on many ideas, but at the moment we’re absolute focused on making the very most of the 8 million customers who use Walgreens today both online and in the pharmacies. And also developing a more appropriate beauty offer and we're seeing some really good things happening in the early stage of this promotion of this strategy and we're going to continue to drive it and as George has said already, this will be remarks we’re moving to another close in stores with a beauty differentiation project. So that tells you the confidence we have in the strategy.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Steve. I can’t obviously again comment on the second one, but we can tell you that’s absolutely in line with expectations and I can also tell you that we are pleased and also Prime are pleased on the owners of Prime are also pleased the Blue’s plans who own Prime. So we satisfied with the progress we’ve made the next phase for us is to give the members of the Blue’s a better value and obviously we’re looking at ways we can do that as the market evolves.
Alex Gourlay: Hi guys Alex here, I think – it’s pretty clear about what has gone here is got the attention particularly with the Blue’s plans which we are very pleased about and really the pitch is really quite a simple one. Prime Therapeutics really wants that to make sure that the value they create is passed through the Blue’s members in different ways and what we do is really as a back shop operator particular of meal order and also specialty. I feel is to make sure that we’re really efficient and give great service to at least and a dispensing process. So this was a win for Prime Therapeutics FTP and obviously we believe with our greater scale and our expertise in dispensing prescription and specialty and central fill. So that’s gives extra capability to Prime and not use to be seem to be marketplace as well.
Alex Gourlay: Yes, it’s Alex again, I think that - we bring is that forward that efficiency it’s the marketplace but that went all over and they’re not for sure you know there is others who are larger of being that efficiency as well. But secondly we bring the opportunity of the network pharmacies as I said before we don’t just a central fill we actually own independent of Alliance Rx you the special network that are those in the center of excellence primarily based during the HIV. And also we have now a couple of hundreds specialty pharmacies we’ll show you a host of hospitals a host of specialist doctors. So again we offer you know with different register market and we offer a different approach. And we also believe strongly in this area that we should be paid for the service and the care we provide these are expensive complicated medications. We have pharmacists who are playing to the top of the certificates when they’re taking care of patients who are on these medications and we want to make sure that we are adequately remove to that part of the process and other remuneration belong to the other bits in the system. For example the PBM for example the insurance company we want to be well rewarded for giving the care that are pharmacy gets in that way.
Alex Gourlay: Yes I can talk again, so again you know we have that I just seen - are sourced effectively a couple hundred and over clinics in different ways. And in these conversations they focus on really our strategic ability to become a very efficient and very localized dispensing service for them not really resonates with them. And secondly, we have as you said the real estate whether they can actually come in and have the lower cost ways of delivering services in the community outside of their more expensive systems. So these really are the two areas that we talk about a lot and we have a lot of different ways of doing that, a lot of ways of working whether it be with advocate here in Chicago. So again it's - and anyway for sure the conversation are good and we are learning together and again goes back to partnership we know what we’re good at I mean all of the areas where we want support and for sure clinic started to integrate is example of that.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Ricky, it’s Alex again. Yes, I think that we did have a helpful uptick in seasonal illness on this flu side for weeks which spiked some of the numbers for us presently in Q2. So the way I think about it is that these are driven by two factors the smaller uptick in flu and also all of these contracts and the main started 1/1, so two months and then with beauty started as 1/12 and the member Med D which again we sort of a good season Med D again started 11. So we are confident that the way we have at the moment is what we expected on the strong volume we’ll therefore continue. In terms of margin, I would think again I’ll go back to the operating margin for us it really is leveraging our fixed assets as we continue to offer market competitive prices not below market but market competitive prices and drive volume through our fixed assets. I mean spent levers are more as they have always said in the second half of the year compared to first half of the year. It's important to look at the annual results as George has reiterated and again we are keeping our guidance for the full year between 7% and 11% EBIT growth.
Alex Gourlay: And so it's all in here, and I think we're in the market so we see how the market is changing in terms of price pressure and we except that. And we’re always working on the 1 areas. One is sort of we actually buy that and how do we continue to not just save money as Stefano has said but to recreate the organization and move money we’re into invest and as we can grow, and grow volume. So I think – we've never had and I defy that the pricing pressure is there but it’s never and we’ve always been aware of it and always trying to anticipate that in our guidance. So is the market and got to operate within it and for sure we believe we have a strong strategy for the market in the U.S.
Alex Gourlay: And it’s Alex again. Just really quickly on the U.K. as George has said the reimbursement pressure was the main reason for the decline, really there was two things government did one they normally do which is they buy margin which is normal in the U.K. contract. But secondly this year on December they actually remove some of the service payments, practice payments. And again if you look on new deals, you’ll see that’s a big issue in the U.K. So that really is the reason why we’ve had our increases and operating profit. These two business had a good December and that we’re focusing and controlling our costs it’s really driving as we always do, you need a bit of products particularly in beauty and some marketplace and developing new pharmacy services. So we’re looking to stabilize our business, but the impacts or the government action has been strongly share our main U.K. business.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Alex again, I mean really it so wildly on the 2,000 stores if you would call we had about a marketplace in Phoenix which we tested and trials I mean took the best model and remained that really last year into the first 2,000 stores. So far so good we’re seeing that the beauty brand is growing we should expect it to do and over time we’ll develop you know the offer in the marketing around that new beauty offering. But this trial is to tell the affect that is going to have on the rest of our business but we remain confident and will have a positive impact.
Alex Gourlay: Hi Scott, it’s Alex here. Again, as we have been really clear, we are independently working hard on our pharmacy strategy independent already and we feel very confident with the network we have already is strong enough to be very competitive in the marketplace. Anything that we achieve when the FTC gave a decision to approve Rite Aid will be incremental as George has indicated in the EPS numbers and also in terms of the synergies we announced as part of the deal.
Stefano Pessina: Well, as I said, I am still positive on this deal. I believe that we have a strong argument to defend this deal. I cannot comment on the organization of the FTC. It will be up to them to decide whether they have enough people or not to judge on the quality of this deal. We are doing what we can together with Rite Aid and Fred's. We are collaborating very well with the FTC and as I said, we are preparing our Fred's to be ready to 35 compliance if we will decide to do so.
Stefano Pessina: We believe that we are in the market. We have to follow the needs of the market and to be as useful as possible.
Stefano Pessina: To be honest, I believe that the market is evolving, is changing. And for sure, we will have a role to play in this market and we will try to, let's say, face all the opportunities that we will have in this market.
Stefano Pessina: For the time being Stefano here, for the time being we believe that Fred is the right buyer we believe that they have particular in the configuration – we are proposing now. They are absolutely a legitimate player in this industry if for some reason this will not be the case than we will review our options of course and we will take a decision.
Stefano Pessina: Stefano here sorry people say well cutting cost is something that – is an end you cannot really rely on it forever, but it’s not just a matter of cutting cost synergies and savings are not just coming from reducing cost. Very often it depends they can depend on a different organization. And so if you have let’s say an approach to the business which is completely open minded you can continue to drive efficiency and reduce cost. Just changing the organization and this is really worth what we have done for many, many years and worked I believe we are relatively good at doing. And so we continue to believe that we will able to drive efficiency for many years independently on the obvious cost cutting that everybody can see.
Stefano Pessina: But remember Stefano here, but remember that our goal has always been to keep the overall operating margin as flat as possible and the dynamic in these market and many other market is that the U.S. to give more to your customers you can get a little more from your suppliers and you can become more efficient. And so at the end combining these three elements you have to manage to have a margin overall year-on-year more or less flattish if possible.
Stefano Pessina: It had always opportunities in the market and we are looking at the market very carefully and we will try to see all the opportunities that we will see in the market.
Stefano Pessina: When we give our guidance we try to put in the guidance all the elements that we believe certain or very likely I cannot give you more details as you can easily understand.
Stefano Pessina: We make certain functions and on the basis of these assumptions we have our internal targets. And I repeat the assumptions are taking a really into account all the different pieces of information that we have on the market.
Stefano Pessina: And also you will appreciate that we will not be able to integrate all the stores of Rite Aid overnight. There will be a period portfolio of certain number of years where we will have to rely mainly on our stores. And in the meantime, we will integrate all the stores of Rite Aid. So you cannot see the effect immediately.
Stefano Pessina: Well there are headwinds but we hope that we will be able to have also some tailwinds. And so we hope that at the end we will be able to deliver what we have promised.
George Fairweather: I mean on the particular program that we talked about today we obviously are very pleased to have achieved our target the program will conclude as we previously announced – around the end of this fiscal year. Some of the benefits of that will obviously – it will continue to see and see more of in the coming years. Given that nevertheless looking for opportunities to drive efficiency in our sort of businesses is just a way of life. So we will absolutely continue to look for opportunities year after year. They will come in different places they may be in different geographies, but there are always opportunities to drive efficiency. And so it's just a never ending we’ll continue this program will finish, but we’ll continue to look for more opportunities.
George Fairweather: I think really it always looks at the year-to-date effective tax rate and if you look at that from an adjusted basis as I said that was around 24.5%. So I think tax obviously you know mix can change quarter-by-quarter but looking at year-to-date I think it’s perhaps the best way of thinking about this discrete items of course the timing of those, there was a little bit uncertain and they can go up or down but think of the year-to-date.
George Fairweather: I mean obviously we haven’t given specific guidance by segment we had first provide by reiterating our overall guidance figures I mean in terms of thinking about sort of the modeling. There is going to be a number of factors that you've got to think about and firstly we will we are consolidating the new Prime deal from Monday when we completed it. You need to think about that in factoring the U.S. model recognizing obviously that is a specialty on mail business with different dynamics. In terms of the international businesses, I think as we've said in the prepared remarks there is still the challenge in the U.K. with the NHS having cut the reimbursement that will continue the basis has performed robustly as we said over key customer period. But retailing is still itself quite challenging particularly in the U.K. which is our largest market. And then on wholesale sales, wholesale always a its kind of business or division that operates in a number of markets you can always get certain mix affect quarter-by-quarter. So it's tough to model I know quarter-by-quarter but I did point out in the prepared remarks that in certain of the emerging markets we had some growth really in the period when you get price changes in the market where people tend to buy ahead of customers buy ahead of the price change and that was the notable impact in the second quarter.
George Fairweather: Well just on the accounting side I mean we will account for it on a fully consolidated basis. So when you're looking at our of sales, our adjusted operating income then you will obviously see a 100% of the entities results coming through, but then when you're actually looking at an earnings attributable to our shareholders to the WBA shareholders, we strip out and align the proportion that is attributable to Prime itself and I think as we said we own just over 50% of the business. So when you thinking of EPS then it will be our share if you thinking of operating it's a 100% also in the accounting books.
George Fairweather: Anything that goes through the venture that the new combined venture as to say we show a 100% in revenue 100% in adjusted operating income but then we strip as I say at the lower end of the P&L that the Prime share. So when we are looking at adjusted earnings attributable to Walgreens Boots Alliance staffs got their share netted out.
