Wade Miquelon: I guess the JV first. The JV is up and fully running and operating. We have our two presidents, Jeff Berkowitz and John [Donovan] [ph], who are working one of the key workstreams that’s residing there, our generics. And we’re off to a very good start. Without giving information that we consider too competitively sensitive, what I would say is that given the scope and breadth of what we’re doing together, I think we’re working with most of the key manufacturers already, in terms of understanding how we can bring volume benefit to better long term planning and create, I’d say, a real win-win. I think that win-win comes, again, because of the size, the scale, and the breadth of the business that we can do with all the key partners that want to partner with us. But we’re off to a good start. It is a significant part of our early synergies, and as I said before, we expect it to be a significant part of the going ones as well. And Greg, I’ll let you comment on…
Wade Miquelon: Lisa, just one last thing I’d say is bundling the two together, apart from making sure we have the most effective cost buying structure, with respect to things that are happening that we’re doing, like driving 90-day, which I think you can see is really accelerating in terms of some of the automation that’s happening with respect to our stores, and streamlining of the process as well in things like e-prescribe. We’ll continue to find ways to be more efficient and effective on all aspects of cost, which will allow us to play more broadly in the expansion of healthcare and beyond.
Wade Miquelon: No, I think I’d say that, because you’re cycling sort of an unusual base period, it looks choppy, but in terms of how we run our business, I’d say we’re pretty steady state. And we run algorithms every day to understand the incremental line scripts, etc., that we have, and how to tweak labor up or down accordingly. Also, in terms of cycle of express scripts, you know, we have things like a little beefier profit sharing and things like that that are in the underlying base, that are just structural, and the right thing to do. But that gets washed through. But I think we’re seeing, in our two year stack right now, I would say really just a lot of great effort and focus on SG&A control. And that’s not going to change. I think moving forward, to be effective and hit our goals, and anyone to be successful, is going to have to have [unintelligible] focused on winning the customer, but also on the cost side.
Wade Miquelon: I’ll give you kind of a rough feel. This will be probably close, but not perfect. It’s hard to understand exactly what’s happening, but if you think about that 400 basis point traffic step down we’ve had over the past year, which is now starting to improve, I’d say that a couple of things happened. Number one, the express scripts, approximately between 50 and 100 basis points of traffic. As you know, it’s not one for one, they’re separate trips. But that’s kind of the range that we have seen. And so as the customers come back, we see some benefit, but it’s in proportion to that. The second thing is the promotional shift we had, which I think was for the right reasons, to keep moving money into more strategic marketing mix, like loyalty, equity building campaigns, probably was around 200-250 points. And again, from a profit point of view, I think the team did a great job of holding margin, but it wasn’t as many hot items at cost or below, but we did see that shift. And the last piece is roughly 100 basis points of traffic from cigarettes. And I’d say the primary driver there was we saw $15,000 to $20,000 stores introduce cigarettes. We haven’t seen outside the cigarette category much hit if any at all versus any of our competitors, in the other categories, but I would say that from a traffic driver, we did see something there. So that’s kind of how I’d break it down.
Wade Miquelon: With respect to Alliance Boots, we both have our baseline projections of what we think we do otherwise independently. As we work together and drive synergies, effectively we, for the most part, split them. And because we have a 45% ownership stake in them, it means that we get our half less their 45, which is 72.5. It’s probably not perfect plus or minus where it goes, but in the end, because we’re ultimately planning on becoming one company, it’s not worth arguing about as much as making sure we maximize them, because in the end it will all go into the same place. I think it’s a little more complex with AmerisourceBergen, because we are a small investor, and we plan to just be a partner versus anything grander. So we really have to make sure that we have mechanisms to understand each year not only what is the synergy, but we also have mechanisms in terms of how we equitably share those based upon agreements that we have. So we haven’t talked any more about that, but I’d say that they’re a little bit different in the two constructs. But I think that we have pretty good models for understanding what we would do on our own, if not in partner with someone else. And that, for all cases, is using the baseline.
Wade Miquelon: We haven’t called out what we did in terms of investing in systems for Balanced Rewards and also for people. I would say it wasn’t not meaningful, but it wasn’t unusually meaningful either. I think the key thing is just if you think back to last September, and all that was going on, not only were we trying to sign up 100 to 200 people a day in loyalty, we were welcoming express scripts customers back. We had all of our competitors that were launching promotional campaigns to try to keep them. This was all in the context of lower overall investment in promotion activity. So I think the thing to watch for is, as Greg said, as we sharpen our focus, make incremental investments, where it makes sense to do so, seeing how we round the horn and what that looks like.
Wade Miquelon: There was some of that, but I think the bigger thing, as we alluded to a few quarters ago, is we had some SG&A that was attributed to loyalty sign ups, attributed to express welcome backs, and also to Med D signups. There was still a lot going on at the same time, and that really was important, but in some ways a distraction from taking care of the core customer every day.
Wade Miquelon: You know, there’s tons of moving parts under the hood in the way they get treated, but I would say there were no anomalies in this quarter really. I think what you pretty much see is our performance exactly kind of as it was. And as I said before, it’s kind of more normalized out now the way we run our business, even in the phase period, and then two periods ago, have anomalies in them.
Wade Miquelon: You know, there’s probably a little bit of generics. I think you’re right. The flu was a big boost in the prior quarter. But there’s also a lot of other things going on under the hood that you won’t see at the surface. For example, the extent that our pharmacy business outpaced our front end. Our front end has a higher gross margin on average. You get mix effects in that regard. You also have other mix effects from business like specialty that have very little margin, but have had a lot of inflation and therefore to some extent growth. :
Wade Miquelon: [crosstalk] back half of May, we started to make some of the tweaks and modifications. Those will continue. Again, we’re going to be smart about what we do. And we’re a lot smarter now that we have a lot of loyalty data we didn’t have prior.
Wade Miquelon: This quarter we were about $0.02 versus the bottom of our range, and that was really IFRS to GAAP adjustments. So it was really no change in how they view their performance, only a change in terms of, as we get into the methodology and the differences in IFRS and GAAP, knowing those. And the $0.01 of currency we’re predicting for the next quarter. And because there’s a three-month lag, we know a lot about next quarter already. There’s still [unintelligible], and so there can be some final adjustments in IFRS and GAAP. But for the most part, things like currency are baked in, so we know that. So that’s why we’re calling that out.
Wade Miquelon: No, the current quarter they were pretty much right on path. And I think if you look at their equity income reported, it’s probably pretty close to what we’ve seen on aggregate with what most of the people here on the phone have modeled.
Wade Miquelon: No, we’re predicting, I think, $0.08 for the next quarter, and we just said that prior we had thought it would be a little higher than that. And the primary driver of difference is foreign exchange. If you look at this quarter, a couple of things. We don’t obviously manage to consensus. We manage to our internal target. And I would say if we look there, probably the front end was the key thing that we were working against from our original projections. But if I look kind of externally, I think a couple of things are happening. One is our tax rate is a bit different than was assumed by many, and there’s a lot of complexity in that tax rate this quarter. :
Wade Miquelon: In the current quarter we just put out, there’s $0.02 difference, and that was primarily almost all IFRS to GAAP adjustments. For the next quarter, Q4, it would be about a penny, which is all currency. And because we have a three month lag, we effectively already know what the currency will be in three months.
Wade Miquelon: We know a lot, but if we told you, we’d have to kill you. Until we get to next quarter, we can’t divulge that. I think what you did see is as you saw the last fiscal year, for Alliance Boots. So hopefully you have confidence that they’ve run their business very effectively in a very challenging time. I don’t expect that that would change any time soon.
Greg Wasson: Yeah, on the market pressure on reimbursement. I guess I don’t think there’s any one segment. I think we’re seeing reasonable reimbursement pressure and focus from any payer, whether it’s government, commercial, on controlling costs. I think certainly as some states move from state Medicaid to managed Medicaid, you certainly see some movement there. But when we look at those commercial arrangements, as we have in the past, we look at the individual plan, and we look at all the variables, whether it’s days of supply, generic utilization rate, and we make our decisions. But I don’t think there’s any one area that we would call out. I think we’re just seeing continues as expected focus on healthcare costs from all payers.
Greg Wasson: Well, I don’t know if I’d really take it down to the variable labor perspective, but I think with movement from growing Medicaid, whether it’s managed or state, again, I think we look at that as we have any commercial arrangement. In some of those, it depends on the market share and the state that we’re in. It depends on, as I said earlier, a lot of these, with more and more folks coming into a Medicaid population that are conducive to, say, 90-day supplies of chronic medications, there’s opportunities for us to work with states in ways we haven’t in the past. There’s ways to work with them to drive adherence. So I don’t think it’s really whether we have the capacity to make it work. I think it’s really focusing on the reimbursement, the value we bring, to begin with.
Greg Wasson: Certainly we’re focused, as we’ve said several times, on gross profit dollars versus margin. And I think what we’re beginning to do, and we talked a little bit probably on the last call, is trying to strike the right balance between price and promotion. I think as we talked about, we made a strategic shift when we rolled out our Balanced Rewards program to shift some of our promotional effort and focus from our roto, primary our print circular, to more digital and balanced rewards. I think that absolutely was the right strategic move for us to make. Along the way, I think we’ve probably got a little less promotional on that Sunday circular. So what we’re doing is we’re really focused, based on some of the data that we’re getting insights from our Balanced Rewards program, to make sure we’ve got the right items at the right price in that circular to drive comp and traffic. This is something you want to tweak that dial ever so slightly, and we feel that we’re making the right adjustments, and we’re beginning to gain some momentum. We want to continue to do that in our Sunday circular and utilize our Balanced Rewards program to continue to move that in the right direction.
Greg Wasson: Great question. I think we have a great position to begin to provide more value to both patients, payers, and pharmaceutical companies as we go forward. We think our differentiating model allows us to focus on what we call specialty retail to make sure the patients are indeed eligible to pick up and receive specialty medications from the retail pharmacists that they’ve been using for years. AmerisourceBergen, the relationship we have with daily deliveries, will help us drive that even greater. We have a central facility that will allow us to either mail to stores or mail directly to the patient’s home based on where they’d like it. We’re really driving sophistication there. And finally, our infusion business, we think, is truly a differentiator for us, because as more payers look for a single solution for the pipeline of drugs that are coming out that are either going to be injectable or infused, we think that looking for a one-stop solution that we can offer will help us win in the marketplace. Last thing I’d say is Jeff Berkowitz and our team is focused on bringing solutions to the pharmaceutical partners we have, are really working with them in ways to help them launch and drive the value that they’re looking for with their specialty products.
Greg Wasson: It’s a great question, and as I’ve said several times, it’s the balance of retail, right? I think our approach, as I said, is going to be a prudent approach to investing where it makes sense in order to get the results. We’re looking for traffic and comp, we’re focused on gross profit dollars, as I said. And I think the adjustments we begin to make, and with our circular in mid-May, as I said, we’re beginning to make progress. I want to continue to take the approach we’re talking about. I’m extremely confident that we will continue to make progress and gain momentum in that trend for several reasons. I think our folks are doing the right things with the circular. They’re making the right adjustments. As I said, we have a lot of insights now a year in, on the Balanced Rewards, which helps us do a better job of understanding what should we be putting on the front page, the back page, of that circular, at what price, to be able to drive profitable sales? And then also, with 75 million members now enrolled in Balanced Rewards, the insight we have, we’re able to now strategically drive promotions through Balanced Rewards to drive traffic and sales as well. And then the third point is - and it’s interesting, I think we have, as you know, a lot of our stores are located in underserved or lower income communities. And one of the things that we have done extremely well in the past, and what we want to enhance, is making sure that we’re tailoring our merchandising mix or price or promotion to those stores. All those are in motion. I think we’ve got a great plan, great team, and it’s all about executing. And I’m confident we can do that.
Greg Wasson: As I said on the earlier question, I think the good thing is we’re getting those insights now. And that’s why we’re so excited about having 75 million people already enrolled, and the reason now we begin to not only drive enrollment, but focus on the effectiveness of that program. The insights that we’re getting are frankly just incredible, and will allow us to get more efficiency out of our marketing dollars and our promotional dollars. So we’re getting those insights and the data now, to help us continue to drive traffic in a prudent and reasonable way.
Greg Wasson: It’s roughly $0.02 in this quarter, thereabouts, which is just IFRS to GAAP conversions. And again, a lot of, until you really get into it and understand things, like how the leases actually work, their retirement programs, etc., you just don’t know until you get into it. So that’s $0.02 in the quarter, and next quarter is roughly about $0.01 of currency. Again, I think it’s about a 152 versus a 158 in the pound. But I think you’ve seen from their annual results that they’ve had, all things considered, in a tough environment, a very successful year. And trading profit and underlying profit are really two measures that they’re focused on.
Greg Wasson: I think there’s two ways to look at Balanced Rewards. The insights and the data that we are capturing now with the 75 million people is helping us make adjustments that drive even more relevancy with our circular, with the way we merchandise our stores, etc. We’re beginning to use that data now. The second part would be as consumers begin to understand the value of the currency and the points, then we begin to get the traffic and the basket and the trips that we want to begin to see out of it. So we’re already beginning to use a lot of the data and the insights to drive decisions across the entire business.
Greg Wasson: And the fourth would be weather related economic, and certainly around that. But I think Wade did a great job of breaking it down.
Greg Wasson: Yeah, I think the tailwinds that we have frankly are the price and promotion, and the adjustments we’re putting into the front end. I think we’ll continue to see more and more people coming in from Medicare Part D plans that we’ve put in place. I think with healthcare reform, as we talked about, and millions of people coming in gaining insurance coverage, we’ll begin as a company to benefit from that. I think certainly as we continue to gain strength, certainly with the consumer, I think we’ll see lift in our discretionary categories, which is where we’d see probably the biggest impact. So thanks for the question. We do think we have ample tailwinds. We’re really focused on what’s currently in front of us, but we think longer term, and even short term, there’s a lot of opportunity behind us.
[Mark Wagner]: Just a couple of factoids. Already about 60% and growing of our purchases made in store are now with the card. We’re seeing a significantly bigger basket of those that have a card versus all others. Now the [unintelligible] as we move forward, longitudinally, to make their baskets bigger than they were prior, and that’s the work to be done. So I think as Greg said, in the end, the magic comes from redemption, and building critical mass, critical points, and being able to use that as a lever so people really understand the currency and the value of it is the next phase that we’re just now moving into.
[Mark Wagner]: Yeah, I think as we’ve also said before, every day we’re kind of moving forward and getting more and more express scripts customers back. I think that trend is going to continue. And so I think those two [unintelligible] hand in hand as well.
[Mark Wagner]: I guess I’d put it this way, because you never really know until you get there, but we were in pretty heavy investment phase last year, not only from the systems, but also in terms of just the employee finance, between 100 and 200 people per store per day, and the effort that takes. And all the while people start building points, but until they actually have enough to redeem, you can’t really use it as a lever. It’s more of just kind of an investment from that point of view. We’ve now got critical mass of people enrolled, critical mass of points. We also have critical mass of what I would call data analytics and insights. So I think as we move forward here, we just get progressively better. I’d also say that the way we executed it, which was, as I like to say, we put teeth into it by making sure to get our discounts or promotions you need to have the card. In effect, it’s sort of a two-tier pricing system which allows us to generate incremental funds to invest even more heavily in the people that are truly our most valuable and most loyal customers. And so economically, I’d say from that point of view, it’s a positive, but I think really the real heart of it kind of starts about now.
