JosephZubretsky: This is Joe Brodsky. Obviously, there are various proposals at the state and federal level for public options single-payer Medicare-for-all type arrangements. Right now, we're considering most of these positions to be political rhetoric and at the discussion phase. I would call them more conceptual statements and philosophies rather than plans and until such time the plans become more substantive with real facts and real analysis to assess what the implementation would be, we're just continuing with the business as usual and as more facts come out we respond accordingly.
JosephZubretsky: Thanks, Ana. And let me first comment on the prior year development. Every month every quarter we become more effective at managing our medical costs, and as you're managing your medical costs trend downward, reserves are likely to restate favorably. This trend has continued into 2019 which means the medical cost base line and the trend off of that baseline that we use to forecast our 2019 results have also proven to be conservatively stated. So the prior-year development is real and it's real testament to the fact that we are becoming better and better at managing our medical costs through increased focus on frontline utilization management, and re-engineered and revamped payment integrity routines. To that second point on payment integrity, the team has done a great job updating and making their modern, the stacks of technology we have to perform our claim at it. And it's creating real value without creating provider abrasion. The third part of your question was on specialty UM with Evercore. We have a new arrangement with Evercore. It's part of our co-sourcing and rent-to-own model of making sure we have access to best-in-class resources. They are going to manage about $600 million to $800 million of medical cost spend across a variety of specialty categories. And we're certain that over time that will create real value for us. The last part of your -- actually the first part of your question, but I'll address it last were the sustainability of the margins. We continue to generate profit improvement through the inventory of initiatives we've shared with you in the past. We are in a reasonable and stable rate environment. And our management team continues to execute with a great deal of discipline and rigor. And I would attribute the margin position that we have achieved and we believe can sustain to those to the confluence of those three factors.
JosephZubretsky: Well, the term marketplace can mean many things to many different companies. Our niche is to service the working poor. We operate in the demographic where 25% of our memberships are fully subsidized and 95% have a very ample subsidy. It's a pure leverage off of our Medicaid network and it's pure leverage off of the Medicaid pricing in our network. So we consider our marketplace business to be a mere extension, and a very valuable extension of our Medicaid franchise. Others that might be chasing some of this business might be operating with the mass affluent that a self-employed architect or accountant who might be making $200,000 to $250,000 a year. That's not where we are playing. This is a pure extension of our Medicaid franchise. And is creating real value for us. And as people move in to Medicaid, Medicaid expansion and marketplace and move up and down the spectrum based on their income, we have products that can capture that member and keep them in the Molina family.
JosephZubretsky: No, not for the marketplace, but let me put a point on that. We do not plan to go up market into higher affluence in a more affluent demographic, but we do plan to grow the business in 2020. If you recall at this time last year before we had visibility into the profitability that we --that emerged in 2018, we were sort of compelled to put conservative prices into the marketplace, which actually proved to be very rich and it cost us some membership. Next year now that we have good visibility, 330,000 members we know where the margins are. We're going rating region by rating region, analyzing our price point versus the competition. If we need network changes will make them and we're very comfortable that with these margins and our competitive position as exists today, we can put a price into the market that grows membership, eases up on the margin percentage ,but grows the overall profit pool in 2020.
JosephZubretsky: Sure, Josh. On Florida and New Mexico I would say that the stranded overhead was merely to help investors bridge the progress from 2018 to 2019. If you recall when we gave guidance originally for 2019, we were projecting a 60 basis point increase to our G&A ratio, half of which was due to the stranded overhead for Florida and New Mexico. We're going to sort of stop referring to it as stranded overhead, it's in the baseline. It's in our SG&A and we're going to continue to chip away at it and manage it very effectively. The over performance in Florida was really managing the tail of the runoff claims more effectively than we had originally projected. In terms of the spread issue, I would say, first of all, the rate environment is very reasonable. We're generally able to obtain the trend and acuity factors that we need in rating when benefits are carved in and out generally the right amount of premium is moving in and out of our portfolio. And, yes, where we actually thought that rates were going to be challenged to maintain pace with trend due to our increased ability and efficiency in managing medical costs. I would say for the most part, our medical cost trend appears to be coming in on top of rate.
JosephZubretsky: Sure. Well, in terms of sort of long term, one of the factors we look at, if you take on average that a state has on average four major players on their Medicaid panel. And let's say on average there are six major players chasing those four spots. It obviously makes the bidding map more likely for us to succeed as we try to plant new flags in new territories. So the bidding dynamics do change as one very capable competitor is now combined with another.  That's the long-term view. The short-term view, look, everybody is written on the speculation of which assets in that combination might have to be divested. I would say this, if that is true and assets have to be divested, if we are invited in to participate and looking at those assets and we are not in and of ourselves conflicted then we certainly would want to compete to secure some of those assets.
JosephZubretsky: There are and I think we spoke about this actually earlier this morning. It would be really speculated about me to try to infer what a state might do due to the pending merger. Texas comes to mind, Kentucky comes to mind. There's going to be all kinds of-- Florida comes to mind. Interesting dynamics as this pending transaction unfolds. I would just say that we're confident in our ability to grow our business. We're confident in our ability to win new territories. And if the dynamics of this combination actually enhance our chances, well, then all the better.
JosephZubretsky: Well, we're certainly, Sarah, not going to give a forecast, but given where we're performing what I would say is that performing at the level we are performing currently with mid-teens pre-tax and still double-digit after-tax margins, gives us the flexibility to look at our price points versus the competition in various these rating regions, both on a gross basis and a net of subsidy basis, and tweak our pricing without the sacrifice of material margin position. So we can ease up on our margins. We can grow membership given the price point, the competitive price points that we have today. And that we can continue to have, given that we have all this margin to sort of play with. So the bottom line is we are going to grow membership, tend to grow membership next year. The margin lease up. The loss ratio will probably move up and our profit pool is projected to grow. And that's what we're going to attempt to do. And I think this very attractive margin position we've carved for ourselves gives us the flexibility to achieve that.
JosephZubretsky: Our latest intelligence suggests that the RFP will be a Medicaid only and not include an LTSS benefit going managed that's our latest intelligence. I believe there was actually a legislative proposal that determined that. With respect to BH, the benefit was carved in --the entire benefit was carved in 2018 and then they opened up the benefit to some IMD facilities, which everybody started using and it put pressure into our margins. And the state recognizes that. The state actuaries have recognized that. And we believe it will be included in the rate base.  There's always a mid-year conversation with Ohio. So it could go in mid-year, affected mid-year, best case would be to go in mid-year retroactively to the beginning of the year. We're not certain that's going to happen in the worst cases, it goes into the annual rating cycle that happens at 1/1/20. So Ohio is doing just fine. It had some cost pressure due to those two factors in the quarter, but it's doing just fine and effectively those costs wind up in rates.
JosephZubretsky: Just as you pursue the various counties, look at your network, look at density of population, which is critical. We decided to move forward with 150 rather than 170, which is not a material change at all. The DSNP product is very important to us. We manage it very, very well and we believe the product line is a growth catalyst for the company. So we're very bullish on that marketplace. We have the high acuity management skills. We have the distribution network. We've got a great Medicare team and we're very bullish on the product line, but the difference in 150- 170 is not material and it was really density of population, ability to build the network.
JosephZubretsky: Now the timing is really, really important. If you look at our first quarter results, the only outsourcing co-sourcing or rent own capabilities that actually had an impact in the first quarter were the repricing of our pharmacy contract clearly. And secondly our payment integrity technology stack and thirdly our improvement in risk adjustment and our relationship with Inovalon. The rent own capabilities that are being executed that have not yet manifested themselves in earnings, our IT outsourcing arrangements with Infosys and the arrangement that we just struck with Evercore for specialty UM. So more to come on that and every month that goes by the value, builds and compounds and that $500 million profit improvement portfolio we shared with you a few months ago is still alive and well and being executed upon. 
JosephZubretsky: Yes. They have not yet provided benefits. They are -- they have been singed. They are being implemented but have not yet manifested themselves in the earning stream. That's correct. 
JosephZubretsky: Well, we're not going to start parsing that every single quarter. We'll talk about it qualitatively. I would tell you that the risk adjustment, the payment integrity and the pharmacy contract clearly added value in the first quarter. Our specialty UM and IT outsourcing arrangements have not yet, but I think the numbers we gave you when we originally gave you guidance of $200 million and $100 million nett is still a good framework, that's included in our overall results, and will update you on the portfolio at our Investor Day in a few weeks.
JosephZubretsky: Sure. And I can give you some color around what you're going to hear in a few weeks time. We look at the growth phase very clearly coming from our existing footprint. How to leverage the core business in our existing footprint, with our existing states as new product lines are introduced into these markets. That in it of itself with our very wide geographic distribution and now 15 territories with not all of the product lines in the market and certainly under penetrated compared to some of our largest competitors. We believe it gives us ample room to grow in our existing territories. We then have new states and new territories and with our rebuilt new business development engine, with our recent success at renewing business that we had with great proposal writing. We are very confident that we can start to win new territories as well. We'll talk about that a little bit, but very bullish on the growth of this business. We're in the right product lines. We're in the right segments and hope we will convey to an Investor Day that now that margin recovery and sustainability is well underway that we can start to grow the top-line again very handsomely.
JosephZubretsky: Well, as we mentioned many times both when we gave original guidance two months ago and just recently, we do believe that the right equilibrium can be struck where we can begin to grow the overall profit pool at a lower margin but at a faster rate. We were forced into this conservative posture because the business needed to be repriced two years ago, if you recall the 60% price increase on average I went into the market. And in last year, if you recall with only three months under our belt before putting new prices into the market, we had yet to see the very robust profit picture emerge in 2018.  Now that we've seen the risk pool settle, we understand who the 330,000 members we have and what their cost profile is. We can then use that as a great launching point to begin to grow the overall profit pool once again. Ease up on the price, ease up on the margin, create the right equilibrium, we have highly subsidized members where the price isn't as sensitive to their buying decision as it would be for a mass affluent individual. And it's a great business for us and except for the fact that it's brokered and run by the DOI in the States and looks more like an insurance product, it really is servicing the working poor who have incomes that don't qualify them for Medicaid. So in that way it is a pure extension of our Medicaid business and does really well for us. So the overall profit pool should grow at a lower margin and we think we have the flexibility to pull that off got.
JosephZubretsky: Sure. We don't disclose PYD by product segment but it would be fair to say that with Medicaid being the lion share of our business, you see a good chunk of that within that line of business. 
JosephZubretsky: Right, yes. I think the two cost pressures we observed in the quarter were really more related to incidents and events rather than trends in our view. So you take on 30,000 new members in Washington due to a very successful re-procurement and handle a newly carved in behavioral benefit, you're going to get some cost pressure. We believe this will abate in the upcoming months. In Ohio, we did observe a moving of membership off the Medicaid rolls late in 2018 due to a very focused re-eligibility re-determination efforts. And as many suspect and is generally true, it is healthier people that go back to work meaning that you're left with a slightly higher acuity risk pool and we saw some cross pressure there. And as I said before the state of Ohio actuaries have already recognized that this is clearly a phenomenon that needs to be rated. So we believe these cost pressures are temporal. They will be effectively rated and those two businesses do really well for us and our two of our better run health plans.
JosephZubretsky: Well, I think two things, Scott. One is CMS has voiced increasing support for the integrated approach, the MMP product whether it's a demonstration or permanent. And with $2 billion of Medicare revenue, $1.4 billion of which is in the MMP demonstrations. We're very well positioned no matter which way they pivot. So the fact that they voiced support for this fully integrated approach is certainly a strategic coupe for us. In terms of some of the rating factors and the way they're going to manage the program whether they are a profit caps, et cetera remains to be seen how all that plays out. Well, we've done very well with the MMP product line. We're absolutely certain that if it expands we'll play there. If they convert it to more of a permanent type of DSNP program, we're well positioned to capture it. And we're just really good at managing these high acuity populations no matter what the wrapper they choose to put it in. And that's what we're focused on right now. So we're following the regulations closely. We've been able to be adaptable and flexible in dealing with every regulation that's been thrown at us in the past. We have a great team and we know we'll be able to implement whatever changes are put to us and we'll manage it very effectively.
JosephZubretsky: Scott, I will claim not to have caught up with the specifics of the Washington Bill. But more generally to the point you're making, we find it rather plausible and realizable that when we are putting together a network for the Marketplace off of our Medicaid network, that negotiating up from a Medicaid rate actually proves to be more cost efficient than a commercial player coming in and negotiating down from a commercial rate, which means that our network plays well, because it's the working poor, but it's also priced right. So I think that's the point you were referring to. We continue to be successful in managing and leveraging our Medicaid network into the Marketplace due to the highly subsidized nature of the population and it's priced right as evidenced by the margins we're achieving and the amount of margin we'll be able to put back into pricing to grow the business again.
JosephZubretsky: Charles, we were actually referring to both. Certainly, the specific M&A transaction you're referring to, let's wait and see how it unfolds and we'd hope to be invited in and take a serious look at those assets. But more generally speaking, we do have a business development team here, one that I've used in the past. They're very good at what they do. And as we look at new geographies or expanding existing geographies, there are many, as you know, small provider-own plans, by the 1C3 scattered across the United States that dabble in Medicaid. Many of these plans are under-managed, sort of orphaned. They're hard to find, but they can be incredibly valuable if you can absorb someone's membership on top of our cost structure that we've proven to be best-in-class. These can be tremendously [Technical Difficulty]. They're not going to make major headlines, because most of the names are nondescript, but we are looking at plans around the country in existing geographies and to light up new geographies.
JosephZubretsky: We're looking at opportunities now. And obviously without anything announced in the time to close, I would say that anything we would even action this year is likely not to have benefit for until 2020. As I said, we never do project the benefits from inorganic or pseudo inorganic growth assuming other plans. They're hard to do. It's a bi-party or sometimes a tri-party transaction. They're hard to predict, but we're actively at it and looking for these sometimes value-creating opportunities. We've done it before and the team I have knows how to execute. End of Q&A
ThomasTran: Stephen, Tom here. There are really two factors primarily. One Joe mentioned a few minutes ago that we have done a much better job now. We're scoring with adjustment that also applied to a Medicare line of business and secondly is that we've been very effective in managing the cost line as well, primarily on a medical cost size. So it really impacts both sides of the house.
ThomasTran: Sure. And obviously in the table you refer to now release also we'll see that in 10-Q when we file today as well. Essentially, you see the walk over from one quarter to the next and that includes the margin release each quarter and our intention every quarter to be consistent without reserve approach is a rebuild at margin. So if you net out the prior your development from that number the essentially the remaining piece is primarily the reserve margin that we intend to reinstitute.
ThomasTran: Florida and New Mexico is a component of that, so we don't parse that out but Joe comment before we managed to run out very well. So a component of that probably you is developing this part of those two states.
ThomasTran: Sure. There are a number of different factors here. One is that we continue to manage our expense well from Q4 for Q1, you see expense went down roughly about $30 million in total. However, the ratio gone up a little bit maybe 20 basis or so. And then comparing to our own expectation is actually running a little bit better than our expectation and we manage our cost well. There's some timing of spending on infrastructure that will appear in second to fourth quarter. These primarily relating to investment in capabilities to grow our business. Joe mentioned DSNP marketplace investment in really provider and member enhancement to their experience as well as building up really upgrading a number of our technology facility as well. So that's how you're going to see that step play out over the next couple quarters as well.
