Joshua Raskin: Hi. Thanks. Good work this quarter, guys. I guess my question is just starting on the marketplace, and you know this sort of – I don't what you want to call it, sort of same-store 78% MLR, excluding all the out-of-period stuff. I guess, I know we've asked this before how is that sustainable, and I know you guys keep producing solid results and you're targeting low income, but we are seeing a lot more pressure sort of across the board. So I'm just curious, are you seeing any of these issues that have been reported by others in terms of chronic cost and dialysis or substance abuse, or any of these other issues? Are any of these factors that you guys are seeing? Is it just you guys were better prepared? I'm curious.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. So, I guess I'm just curious, like is there – there has been no deterioration, though, in those trends, right? And it sounds like others have seen it. Are you – because you guys have taken on a ton of membership, and I'm just curious, were they previously insured with other carriers and just not new to it? I'm just curious how you guys are doing such a good job here.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. And then just last question from me. On the Texas performance fees, I just want to understand what happened with the state. Did they actually prove out, yes, Molina satisfied all of the requirements to earn these performance fees, or was it just simply the state said, okay, everyone that thinks they're owed money, yeah, we agree at this point? Just it wasn't clear from your comments if there was something specific that you guys achieved that helps you understand how this works or if this was just simply Texas kind of clearing the decks for the last couple of years.
Joseph Mario Molina: Hi, Josh, this is Mario. Yes, we have seen that, all those things to some extent in our members, just like everyone else. I don't think they were any different in that respect.
Joseph Mario Molina: Josh, this is Mario. Texas suspended the program, and so the revenue that we had not recognized, we were able to recognize. They are going to institute a new program. We are not sure exactly what that will look like yet, and we still have to perform all the quality measures and report those to the state.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. I think we've done that to the best of our ability. We've given you the factors. We've spelled out the rate increases. Beyond that, it's hard to quantify exactly how much each of those initiatives is going to contribute. But we have also told you that the back half of the year is where the lion's share of the profit is coming from this year.
Joseph Mario Molina: Kevin, you're right. We've had this issue in the past, and we just felt that with the passage of time, we'd be in a better position to talk about things. It's a little awkward to be talking about issues that close to the end of the quarter.
Joseph Mario Molina: A.J., this is Mario. It's hard for me to quantify how big the impact will be. But I can tell you that we have put a pharmacy management program in place that's somewhat similar to what we use in other states and we're trying to get doctors to convert from more-expensive drugs to equivalent drugs that are lower in cost. At the same time, there are re-contracting efforts underway to give them some risk on the pharmacy side to give them an incentive to use generic drugs. That's going to take place over the course of the rest of the year, I think.
Joseph Mario Molina: I think we will have improvement. I'm not sure exactly how much it will be in place at that point, but there will definitely be an improvement. And I think the state also acknowledged in the negotiations with us that the pharmacy costs had come in higher than they had anticipated as well. It wasn't just us, but I think the whole program seemed a little bit higher than they anticipated.
Joseph Mario Molina: That's a great question, Ana. And the answer is, yes, those are the things we talked about. Those are things that we did. And we've applied this across the enterprise, not just in Ohio. It's had the biggest impact in Ohio. And I think we're seeing nice results as utilization in the Medicare line of business is starting to come down.
Joseph Mario Molina: I think it's all the same things we've talked about. They may have taken hold little faster than we thought in Texas, but we're cautious. It's one quarter. So, we'll keep a close eye on that.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, if there are no questions, we're going to sign off. Thank you very much for attending the call. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Joseph W. White: Well, Josh, it's Joe. I would just point out that while we are seeing those conditions as any health plan would, we continue to have, on a risk score basis, comparatively healthier members. We've put aside for 2016 dates of service about $220 million so far this year for payables back to CMS for risk adjustment. So, I guess, I would say that we're not seeing a huge number of chronically ill members.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. Generally, a lot of those kind of expenses we're talking about are capitalized, so they would be reflected in the D&A rate. With that said, though, I would expect that we'll see a little bit of moderating of the G&A rate that you saw this quarter through the second half of the year. Our full-year guidance, I think, is about 7.8% G&A ratio.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe. I think, obviously, you have to consider all the stuff we've talked about, about higher admin burden and all of that. But I think an 83% – 82%, 83% for the year might be okay. 80% to 82%.
Joseph W. White: Hi, Sarah. It's Joe. Let me give a technical answer to caution everybody. Then Mario and John may have something to say more strategic. First of all, be careful extrapolating on anything per share related. We're at about 38% for the first half, at the midpoint of our pre-tax guidance. Remember, obviously, the share count is going to fluctuate depending on where our share price goes. So I don't think earning 38% of pre-tax through second quarter really contradicts saying about two-thirds of our income is going to come in the second half. So, I think we're being pretty consistent on that. Obviously, we hope to spend the second half of the year developing the medical management initiatives and the other initiatives we've talked about to drive sustained profitability into 2017.
Joseph W. White: Hi. It's Joe speaking. I mean, couple of points. The rate increases we've talked about are going to be a definite help. They're obviously directed at TANF and ABD. So we should see some sequential improvement in TANF and ABD margins, which given their relative size is going to offset anything happening in marketplace. So, that's really where you should look for it.
Joseph W. White: I mean, you just have to look at relative scale of the ABD and TANF to our business, and it's very substantial. Yeah.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. Compared to guidance for the back half of the year, it's probably closer to, yeah, $3 million, $3 million a quarter incremental. The states communication to us suggested that they're – that the program would not be resumed until 2018, but obviously they have the right to set the program how they want to. So, we'll have to see how that develops later. But the most-recent communication from the states said there would be no program in 2017.
Joseph W. White: I mean the total – previously, the program had been $35 million to $40 million a year and we anticipated recognizing – I want to say, I think we talked about at Investor Day – maybe 70% of that. So, the difference of that would be to pick up.
Joseph W. White: Hi, Ana, it's Joe. We get into some of that disclosure on the state-by-state basis in the 10-Q that's been filed. I would take a look at that. Remember that Florida, in particular, had been impacted by the out-of-period marketplace adjustments.
Joseph W. White: It's been a tiger by the tail, Anna. And we were getting some information, I want to think, in May was the last likely number we came out with. But suffice to say we've got a lot more information in the second quarter that we didn't have in the first quarter.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. We think we're still within the give back after that change, not by much, but we think we're still there.
Joseph W. White: Yeah, it's Joe speaking. Obviously, it's going to be most pronounced in Florida, with the majority of it in Wisconsin.
John C. Molina, JD: Yeah. This is John. Yes, medical management is going to continue to be the biggest profit improvement driver.
John C. Molina, JD: I would say the answer is going to be both medical management and re-contracting, Chris. On the island, the provider groups are more accustomed to taking pharmacy risk than they are, for example, on the mainland. That will become an issue for us as we re-contract with some of the medical groups. In terms of the medical management and what needs to be done additionally, some of the hospitals that we've been dealing with are fairly restrictive in terms of concurrent and prior authorization for admissions. And so, we're working with them to beef up that ability.
John C. Molina, JD: Well, again, what we said was that Texas is not going to – shouldn't be expected to improve beyond what we did in the second quarter, once you take out the effect of the additional revenue. One of the reasons that Texas had a very good MCR for the second quarter was because the marketplace performed very well in Texas in the quarter, and we're not going to see continued increases in profitability on a percentage basis.
John C. Molina, JD: Yeah, let me just follow-up, Sarah. This is John. I think we've tried to be very consistent with what we've said this year. We're driving towards a 1.5% to 2% margin in Q4 of 2017. That's what we're focused on. And so, the plans that we've put in place are to get us at that point, or to that point, rather. Some of them may take longer. Some of them may catch a hold sooner, and that's what's going to be sort of the delta for 2016 as to where we are in our guidance range. But we're less focused on where we are in the guidance range this year and more, what are we putting in place to hit our commitment for next year.
John C. Molina, JD: This is John. The margin is tracking about what we thought, about what we've priced at. Remember, as we said, the back half of the year is going to be more challenging from a profitability standpoint on the marketplace for those four reasons that I identified.
John C. Molina, JD: You're right. Ana, this is John. The seasonality, typically when we were more pure Medicaid, the third quarter tends to have the lowest medical care ratio, because you're talking about summer months. However, more and more of our revenue now is coming from marketplace. And as we discussed earlier, the marketplace for the back half of the year has a deterioration in the medical care ratio, because people are eating up through their co-pays and deductibles, and then you've got a bit of adverse selection as folks who aren't utilizing the system drop off because they don't pay the premiums, and you've got people who are qualified to the special enrollment period. Marketplace hasn't been, up until this year, a significant impact on the consolidated business. So, it's been tough for us to see what the impact overall is going to be on seasonality.
John C. Molina, JD: And the risk adjustment program for the marketplace really is unlike the risk adjustment programs that we have experienced in Medicaid or Medicare. So, it's taken us a while to thoroughly understand a fundamentally-flawed calculation.
John C. Molina, JD: We haven't received any – this is John. We haven't received any additional information on prospects for our rate increase in Florida effective – I think Florida is September 1, we're waiting to see. Certainly, the fact that they miscalculated the rates for a period of time and have adjusted those upwards will have an impact, as they calculate the rates on a go-forward basis. Just how much of it is, we don't know.
John C. Molina, JD: Hi. This is John. I think that they're all in various stages, because they closed on different dates. The plans in Illinois, for instance, closed January and March. But I would say that for the most part they're all performing as expected.
John C. Molina, JD: I think that was Mario who expressed the confidence, but I would agree with him. It's probably going to be more fourth quarter than third.
John C. Molina, JD: So, this is John. I don't want to get into too much talking about enrollment for 2017. We went back a number of times and looked at pricing for all of our marketplace products, on a geographic-specific basis. We've factored in changes in our network, changes in utilization, and we thought the competition we would be doing, in order to get a competitive price product for the population we're targeting. And you mentioned California and LA County, we don't have Cedars-Sinai in our network, for example. Not that they're not a fine institution, but they're priced way above what we and our population we're targeting can afford. So, that's how we did it. We wanted to raise prices to protect ourselves against adverse selection as folks drop out. But we also didn't want to have a product that was priced so high that our people couldn't afford it. What happens in 2017 with the ultimate enrollment is going to be a function of education, broker, marketing and folks choosing our networks.
John C. Molina, JD: I think if you look at the other Medicaid-focused plans, they're staying in the markets and we're priced competitively with them.
John C. Molina, JD: Well, Tom, I'm extremely disappointed that you tuned me out. The number of cash at the parent is $465 million. In terms of the acquisitions, Integral is doing very well for us. I think Integral is actually performing better than we initially modeled it. HealthPlus is likewise doing fairly well.
