John C. Molina: Sure, Matt. We did get a rate adjustment in Florida, that's effective September 1, that I believe is about a gross 7% increase, but there are some provider passes et cetera. So it'll end up being somewhere in the neighborhood of 5%, 5.5%. I believe that's the only one that we have now that's sort of lock downed.
John C. Molina: Now, A.J., a big portion of that came from New Mexico and Washington. Washington was a change in the risk adjustment methodology. So we had no visibility to it when we put in our guidance numbers. And in New Mexico it related to the retroactive adjustments that they made with respect to a certain population that came in, I guess retroactively.
John C. Molina: There are potentially because some of the methodologies are not articulated very clearly in the state contract. So, there is some interpretation of medical costs and such. We believe that in the discussions we have with the states that are impacted, there was a good dialogue with the state regulators and we would hope that there wouldn't be much impact either way.
John C. Molina: Again, I hate to isolate one factor and say that is the only thing that's material. We have a number of acquisitions that are coming in in the fourth quarter that we didn't contemplate at the beginning of the year, that certainly will have an impact on earnings. And to try and pinpoint just for the sake of a single quarter doesn't make a lot of sense. I would say that from a revenue and profit margin perspective, we are at a place that is a little bit further than what we thought, but it doesn't make sense since what we're really driving to is a sustainable profit margin in 2017, to really monkey around with the numbers for one quarter.
John C. Molina: So, Pete, that's a lot of great questions there, so let me see if I can parse it out. I'm going to start with the three business lines questions first and then get to guidance. With respect to the Medicaid expansion, you have to remember that the GAAP definition for Medical Care Ratio is different than what the states are using and the states frankly are using different requirements, or different components depending on the state. But we don't expect other than normal seasonality that that should increase materially. With the marketplace, I would say the same thing. We did see some deterioration in the enrollment. It may be that folks didn't pay their premium and some were dropped off and it's most likely that the folks who didn't pay their premiums were not using – utilizing a lot of services anyway. So, there may be a bit of a mix shift there. But again, I don't think it's going to mean anything material. The third question was acquisitions. We did close a couple of acquisitions in this quarter, the HealthPlus acquisition and the Integral acquisition. Pardon me, and the smaller one in Florida, Integral will close in the fourth quarter, Preferred was closed in the current quarter. We do tend to see pent-up demand early on with these types of acquisitions. I think we've talked about that ad nauseum before, so that you may see something. But then we'll also get some possibly towards of the end of the fourth quarter, some of the normalization from the acquisitions that closed in the third quarter. So again, I don't know that that's going to be a significant impact. With respect to guidance, I think the way you characterize it is correct. We're not updating guidance, on the other hand, we're not confirming that low number. It is -- the number is going to be what it is after we have the medical costs and the admin costs running through there. You will see an increase in the admin costs related to what we're doing in terms of the marketplace in Medicare enrollment. You may see a little bit higher medical cost because it is the fourth quarter, but nothing that I would is say is extraordinary.
John C. Molina: This is John. I don't know if we have too many of the co-ops closing in the states that we are doing the marketplace. We priced our products at a point we thought they would be competitive and yet remain profitable, and I would also want to make sure that people understand it's not just the premium, it's also things like co-pays, deductibles, et cetera that really roll into what a competitive financial package is. But we think, we're well positioned for the marketplace going into next year.
John C. Molina: Brian, this is John. You're working way too hard, if you start this by saying good morning. We don't have the granular detail in terms of why people rolled off the marketplace during the third quarter.
John C. Molina: I don't believe that they give us reasons why people drop off, whether it's, whatever you had cited to.
John C. Molina: I'll take the first part of that. If you flip back through our 10-Qs, particularly in the Washington situation, we've been talking about this for a number of quarters. The issue related to Washington is essentially our rates are tied to premium adjustment across – risk adjustment across the entire population and we don't have visibility into that. We've been talking about that for a long time in the 10-Qs and we just got clarity on it just this quarter. You can also go back to our Investor Day back in September where we talked a fair amount about this. But suffice to say, these are – until these amounts are at least settled for the first year, it's very uncertain as to the actual mechanics of the calculation and the definitions involved.
John C. Molina: Usually, we would only expect to pick up membership if one or more plans in a region were dropped. I think in a couple of regions and we may have one plan that was dropped and so that membership would be distributed. But for the most part, we think it will largely be stable.
John C. Molina: Well we thought we would have it by the end of the third quarter, Brian we're hoping that we'll have it by the end of the year. I recall the last time we got it it was about 15 months before we got clarity. So, if they give it to us by the end of the year, it will be a step in the right direction.
Joseph W. White: Matt, if you look back over the last several years, the success of plans like Molina increasing our profitability, is due more to our own operations, than has been to increases in rates. We've been experiencing flat to low single-digit rates for the past several years. So, I don't know that we're going to be expecting decreases or anything of that nature. We will see some or likely to see some, with respect to the Medicaid expansion rates because we are accruing money to give back under those programs.
Joseph W. White: Josh, it's Joe speaking. Very insignificant, because if you think of it, the bulk of this activity happened in 2014. So, there were some adjustments, but they were relatively insignificant relating to 2015, a few million dollars.
Joseph W. White: No, Josh, to be clear, we true up all accruals through the report date based on our knowledge as of that date. So we have adjusted those numbers. It's just that the impact on 2015 wasn't particularly severe. So, for example, if you think of New Mexico, most of the retroactivity happened in 2014.
Joseph W. White: Josh, it's Joe speaking. We are moving towards reliance on claims, but oftentimes in the initial months of a startup, we generally tend to run higher MCRs, so what you're seeing now is we're moving closer to what we expect that to run.
Joseph W. White: That's correct. So far it appears to be what we expected it to be. If you look back to, Mario mentioned our guidance presentation at the beginning of the year, we thought it would come in around 91%. So, it's pretty much coming in where we thought it would.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. It's about $20 million or so related mainly to TANF in New Mexico and the rest to expansion in Washington.
Joseph W. White: I think we'd say that's reading too much into it, it's a single quarter. I wouldn't – I wouldn't read beyond John's remarks about rates at the beginning of the call.
Joseph W. White: Yeah, we don't have enough history with this large of a population to draw any conclusions definitively at this time.
Joseph W. White: Dave, I think, Juan José wins $25 because he bet at some point, someone would ask that even if we were silent. No, we've got no update.
J. Mario Molina, MD: Matt, this is Mario. If you go back to our Investor Day, I think there was a nice table where we went through our expectations around rate increases. And there's really not been much changed since that Investor Day presentation.
J. Mario Molina, MD: Well, this is Mario. I think, the clearly incumbents in a state like Georgia have an advantage. You're operating there, you've got your networks in place, you're well known both to the state and to the providers. So that clearly played into it. I don't want to comment on Iowa. We are happy with the results in Michigan. I wouldn't read a whole lot into it, they were three RFPs in three different states with a lot of different criteria. So it's hard to draw conclusions across them
J. Mario Molina, MD: Well, we didn't do the acquisition because of the RFPs. We did it because we believe there is an overall trend in the Medicaid program to integrate and coordinate behavioral health with the medical benefits, and that's a long-term trend. At the same time, in many states where we're being asked to manage those benefits we felt that it was prudent for us to have a stronger presence in the behavioral health area, and also to have providers that we can draw on. So Providence is largely a provider organization, providing care to Medicaid beneficiaries. It matches very well with our business and our strategy.
J. Mario Molina, MD: Well, this is Mario, we have not provided any guidance on what we think our 2016 marketplace is going to look like. It's really hard to tell. We have put together what we think are competitive rates. We remain in operations in all the states where we had operations last year. We have slightly expanded our footprint by adding a few new counties. But remember too that the primary goal of our entering into the marketplace was to provide continuity of care for people that had been on Medicaid and may be no longer qualified and had become uninsured as a result. And that continues to be the strategy. If you look at our marketplace enrollment, it is largely people below 250% of poverty.
J. Mario Molina, MD: This is Mario. It's hard to say at this point because we haven't closed the acquisition, the first thing we've got to do is close and then we can get in there and begin talking to them about how we can make better use of their services, but that is our goal. I just can't give you any idea on the timing.
J. Mario Molina, MD: All right. Well, thank you everyone. We appreciate you joining in the call. It was a good quarter and we look forward to talking to you at the next earnings release.
