John C. Molina: Josh, this is John. We don't talk about profitability on a state-by-state basis. Also with the -- removing the premium tax and then adding the pharmacy benefit in, it just gets kind of crazy. At this point, as Mario said, the potential loss of the Ohio contract is not going to impact 2012 guidance. We haven't made 2013 guidance, so we don't want to speculate. And frankly, we'd rather be hopeful that we're going to retrain that contract.
John C. Molina: Yes. We'd like to wait and see what happens with the appeal, Josh. Although you're correct to point out the difference in the cost, and part of that has to do with the implementation of the pharmacy benefits.
John C. Molina: Josh, slight, it was $5 million. Part of that was due to one of our members had quintuplets, I believe, late last year, and we are still paying for those costs ongoing this year.
John C. Molina: It's net additive. Again, it's generating a -- it's -- I think it's generating an MCR in the high 80s, so it's net additive.
John C. Molina: We've got about -- at March 31, we've got about $120 million of total capital in Ohio. That's everything, that's not just excess. About $120 million of total, $80 million of excess. In the hypothetical situation that we were to exit Ohio, which obviously means that the failure of our appeal and the inability to get a dual eligible contract there, anything like that, we would start withdrawing that money, I think, in the first half of 2012, not all of it, but -- I mean 2013. Not all of it, but we'd start that process. That's a lot of hypotheticals there, though.
John C. Molina: Charles, the enrollment has come in now. The large enrollment growth in Texas is largely over. And that's where we saw the run-up in the DCPs. There will be slight increases throughout the year, but nothing like what we had in March. So exactly what you talked about is going to happen. We had to build up an enrollment. Now, as we start paying the claims and getting a better track record, as we describe in the script, the denominator will go up, the numerator will go down slightly.
John C. Molina: And so, Tom, let me take -- this is John. Let me take the first part of your question, and I'll let Terry handle the second part. Frankly, we don't know what the rates are going to be, because we don't know the full expanse of the benefits that the state's looking to put in nor how it's going to be coordinated with the Medicare piece. So at this point, it would just be a conjecture. And as you know, we don't like to do that.
John C. Molina: Absolutely. Over time, we believe that our systems of care will allow us to lower the medical costs associated with these patients as compared to what they've experienced in fee-for-service. There is going to be a ramp-up, you're absolutely right, if that's what you're implying, in that we will manage it just as we have managed very large-scale implementations in places like Ohio and Texas before. But if people expect that on day one, it's going to be turning a profit that's equal to what we've done in the past, it's probably unrealistic.
John C. Molina: Well, the problem with MMS is that it has been sort of up and down. And we haven't reached, I don't think, a consistent run rate yet. So it's a little bit difficult to say. Things are definitely improving. I think the fact that we got certification from Maine was a big landmark. We have had the site survey for Maine back in December -- I'm sorry, for Idaho back in December, and we're just awaiting certification. But we don't see any reason why that system shouldn't be certified as well, because it's essentially the same system that we had in Maine. And once we get the certification of both systems, I think things will stabilize, and we'll get more consistent earnings.
John C. Molina: Chris, this is John. We did not go back and try to reconstruct what it would've been absent the new populations and absent the benefits. So the answer to your first question is no. We would expect that we will see progression, positive progression with the medical costs going down over the year. I don't know if we're going to see much of that, frankly, in the second quarter. We've got a brand-new population, we've got to go out and assess that, get folks in care management, et cetera, and it may be just too soon after the enrollment to see much of a decrease.
John C. Molina: Wisconsin is still a relatively small plan, so it's going get hit with some fluctuations, still. If you look at year-over-year, don't look at the MLR for a second. If you look at the medical costs year-over-year, we brought those down $30 PMPM. And one of the of the big challenges we've had in Wisconsin is the rate issue. We've gotten, I think, 2 significant rate cuts in 2 years. So if we can maintain the medical care costs, maybe bring them down a little bit more but really work the battle on the revenue side, I think Wisconsin will right itself.
John C. Molina: 86. And that was sort of a combination of the higher medical costs and -- with the new populations like Texas and the California SPD. And really, we didn't book or didn't anticipate much improvement, even in the more mature plans. But we didn't anticipate much deterioration either.
John C. Molina: Well, there are 2 things. One is we are aggressively pursuing medical management opportunities, and the second is while we anticipated no rate increases, we're also not anticipating that the states are going to increase their Medicaid fee schedules. So really, if utilization is flat and there's not increased medical or Medicaid fee schedule increases, overall, I'm sure it should be basically flat.
Joseph W. White: Josh, it's Joe speaking. If you look at the cash flow statement, you can see, actually, that deferred revenue was less of a source of cash this time out than a quarter ago. First quarter of 2011, Ohio paid us early. That didn't happen this year. So if you want to look at other than net income and amortization, depreciation, the big factor is driving cash flow this year in a favorable sense for the increase in claims payable offset by less deferred revenue and also an increase in receivables tied to what's happening in California, where California has delayed, has essentially slipped via move-back their payment of premiums 1 month on a sliding basis.
Joseph W. White: I would think that, that -- generally somebody always pays a day early. So I think it could carry forward that $44.5 million. I wouldn't necessarily expect it to all reverse.
Joseph W. White: Charles, I'd have to check that. I know that obviously the MCR is up 180 basis points for the pharmacy, and then they took a 2% premium cut January 1. We'd have to just do the math on the back where we present our medical margins. Honestly, I don't have that number handy, but I think you can work it from the table in the back of the ER.
Joseph W. White: If you wanted to look at -- it's Joe speaking, if you want to look at Texas costs and admin-related costs that we incurred without any related revenue, that ran about $2 million for the quarter. There's obviously additional costs at the parent, and that's a little bit harder to nail down, but if you want to drop something in your model, I'd figure another $0.5 million to $1 million at the parent.
Joseph W. White: Yes. We've guided to 7.8%, which is pretty much consistent with where we expect to end up now. Remember that in addition to the incremental admin expense related to the Texas startup in the first quarter, we also only had one month of revenue, the incremental revenue in Texas.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. It's a little bit difficult to say. We have a contract with HealthNet that specifies a certain percentage of the market share will be defaulted to us. And we expect it to be along the lines that the contract has used in the past. The problem, however, is we don't know what the duals enrollment will look like, because it is an opt-out. So we don't know what percentage of patients will opt out, and we're just going to have to wait and see.
Joseph Mario Molina: That's a really good question. I don't know. We don't have the May revise of the budget yet. But I would expect that the budget is probably going to come in, in worse shape than we thought, that revenues are going to be weaker than anticipated and we'll put more pressure on the state to try to save money. One of the biggest costs the state of California has is the Medicaid program, and the biggest component they can do something about are the duals. I mean, they represent 15% of the patients and 40% of the costs. So I would expect that the state would have a good reason to accelerate the move of the duals into managed care.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, Tom, this is Mario. If you look at when we've brought new populations in, in the past, we have seen some pent-up demand. I think we're seeing that now with the new patients in California and Texas, the SPDs and the ABDs, and I would expect to see something along those lines with the dual eligible beneficiaries as well.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I don't know about comparing California with Texas, but we have been able to compare California ABDs -- the new ABDs versus ABDs that have been on the plan, and the new ones are running us a slightly higher costs. So there is some evidence for some pent-up demand. It's consistent with what we've seen in the past.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, the court case was heard by the judge in Missouri last week, and we're hoping for a decision somewhere around, perhaps, May 10. So that's probably the next bit of information we'll have out of Missouri. In terms of the appeal in Ohio, perhaps later this week. We don't really know.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, this is Mario. There are a couple of things. We do have the RFP -- or RFA for the duals coming up, and if we get that, then much of the staff there is going to be retained for that contract. Also, some of the people in Ohio are working on other state projects, so we do have some regional people there as well. So it's not as if everyone in Ohio is only working on Ohio projects and if that Ohio Medicaid contract goes away that there's no need for them. So there's a little bit of overlap. So there will be -- if we were to not prevail in the appeal and if we were not to get the contract for the duals, then we would have to decrease the staff and decrease the SG&A. But it would be a gradual process. We still have the claims run-out that we're going to have to do, and that'll take a year. So there are going to be SG&A costs associated with that. Now some of that is built into the reserves when we're doing our reserving. We'll wind it down as quickly as we can, but it won't go away completely.
Joseph Mario Molina: Sarah, this is Mario. I think that the lesson learned from all this is that each RFA is unique and different. And it's very difficult to translate your experience from one to the next. I think it's difficult to translate the questions from one RFA to the next. They may have been assembled by different people, they may have different goals. You just have to take each one individually.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes. This is Mario, again. I think it's a little early to talk about upsales in Maine. And as far as Idaho goes, the site visit was in December, and the paperwork is back at CMS. We don't anticipate any problems with that certification. We just don't know exactly when it's going to come through. But I wouldn't take this as a bad sign. This is not -- it often takes 6 months before a plan gets certification after the site visit. So this is not unusual. Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us, and we will see you next quarter.
