Thomas Tran: Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We report fourth quarter earnings per diluted share of $2.67, net income of $168 million and an after-tax margin of 3.9% with premium revenue of $4.1 billion. Let me provide some additional detail on the quarter. My commentary will be focused on a sequential quarter comparison. The consolidated MCR for the fourth quarter of 2019 was 86% compared to 86.3% in the third quarter, primarily due to improved results in Medicaid. Prior period reserve development in the quarter was negligible.  More specifically, in the Medicaid business, our MCR for the quarter improved 80 basis points sequentially to 87.3%, producing an after-tax margin of 3.6%. We continue to perform well in Medicaid. Our Medicare business continued to perform well in the quarter. The MCR for the quarter of 85.5% was stable compared to 85.6% in the third quarter of 2019, producing an after-tax margin of 5.5%. Finally, our Marketplace business continued to perform well and generally in line with seasonal expectations as we report an MCR for the quarter of 73.5% compared to 71.2% in the third quarter of 2019, producing an after-tax margin of 4.5%. Regarding influenza, costs were higher in the current quarter compared to the same quarter in the prior year, but the overall impact was not significant. The G&A ratio for the fourth quarter of 2019 increased by 40 basis points to 8% compared to 7.6% in the third quarter of 2019, due mainly to spending on sales and marketing during the open enrollment for Medicare and Marketplace. Turning to our balance sheet, cash flow and cash position for the quarter. Our reserve approach is consistent with prior quarters, and our reserve position remains strong. Days in claim payable represents 50 days of medical cost expense compared to 50 days in the third quarter of 2019 and 53 days in the fourth quarter of 2018. As of December 31, 2019, our health plans had total statutory capital and surplus of approximately $1.9 billion, which equates to approximately 350% of risk-based capital.  In December, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to $500 million. And during the quarter, we repurchased approximately 400,000 shares for $54 million. Subsequent to the quarter, through February 7, we repurchased an additional 1.5 million shares, bringing the total number of share repurchase to 1.9 million for $257 million. Operating cash flow for 2019 was $427 million, an improvement compared to 2018, primarily due to the timing of premium receipt and government payments. Our initial full year 2020 earnings per share guidance on a GAAP basis is in a range of $11.20 to $11.70. We have not include the YourCare and NextLevel acquisitions as this transaction have not yet closed. Our guidance assumes a steady state in Texas for the full year 2020, as we believe the existing contract will run through this year. Our premium revenue for the full year 2020 is expected to be approximately $17.4 billion, which reflects a 7.4% increase over 2019. If the YourCare and NextLevel acquisition were to close by June 30, premium revenue would increase approximately 9% year-over-year and the earnings impact for 2020 from the 2 acquisition would be negligible. We expect the medical care ratio to be in a range of 86.2% to 86.4%. The increase over 2019 is primarily due to a higher Marketplace MCR in 2020. We expect our G&A ratio to improve to approximately 7.2%. This reflects revenue growth, fixed cost leverage and productivity improvements, offset somewhat by reinvestment in growth initiatives. Our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 31%, an increase from 24% in 2019, driven by the impact of the Health Insurer Fee. We expect after-tax margins in a range of 3.7% to 3.8%, primarily due to lower Marketplace margins that Joe previously mentioned. While we do not give quarterly guidance, I do want to point out that the first quarter earnings per diluted share will be less than 25% of our full year outlook due to the impact of the leap year and the timing of our capital actions. Lastly, I would like to announce that we will be holding an Investor Day on May 28, 2020 in New York City. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Thomas Tran: The only thing I would add here, as Joe said, is that we expect to continue to attract dividend from our subsidiary as we continue to generate profit in 2020. So that additional dividend structure will also give us additional flexibility there to do other things.
Thomas Tran: Sure. On the question of investment income, we love to get investment and other income. And if you look at 2019, it's $132 million. Third quarter happened to be higher than normal as we went through some restructuring of our portfolio. Typically, you would see roughly about $30 million a quarter. I would say that for 2020, you should see that number to be lower because yields have dropped significantly over this past year due to the FET fund had decreased a couple of times. So I don't have the number right in front of me. So let me just follow up with you right after the call. I'll give you the exact number.
Thomas Tran: Well, operating cash flow really fluctuate a lot. So that depends on timing of government payments. So we -- not only in good zone. We expect operating cash flow to be positive going forward. But every quarter, you're going to see fluctuations, and that's just the nature of the business we're in.
Thomas Tran: Yes. On the intangible amortization. If you look at the table we disclosed in the earnings release, it's approximately $17 million pretax for 2019. That number is going to drop a little bit in 2020. So I expect to be roughly about $0.17 to $0.18 per share for the full year versus this year, but roughly about $0.20.
Thomas Tran: Sure. Most of the favorable development that we have reported throughout 2019 were related to Medicaid business.
Thomas Tran: Yes, Kevin, MLR does play a factor in the lower margin in 2020, but it's not really the major factor, if you will. As Joe mentioned before, we come off the 2017 bad year, off of your 3-year rolling calculation. So 2020, we expect to have higher minimum loss, higher, I would say, the rebate and more state than just New Mexico.
Thomas Tran: Yes. The ending share count is going to be lower than what we provided to you on the guidance table. So because as you buy share, it's going to flow throughout a number of quarters. And the number is probably roughly about a little bit less than 61 million share for the end of 2020.
Thomas Tran: This is Tom. There's a question from Justin Lake on investment income before. I just want to provide you with the data. 2020, we expect investment in other revenue to be about $35 million less than 2019.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, Pete. We hit our price point on our Silver product, meaning we are number one or number two in about 50% of our geographies. We hit our price point in Bronze, either the number one price position or zero premium in about 75% of our geographies. So we didn't hit our price point in all geographies. And where we did hit the price point, fewer members move for the price differential than we had seen in years prior. So we didn't get the volume that we expected to get for the 4% average price decreases we put into the market. So 2020, the earnings reset. We earned $150 million, which was exceptionally high in 2019. That will be approximately $75 million in 2020. But I would say that 2019 felt more like $125 million a year and 2020 should have been more like $100 million a year. So the -- while the spread looks wide, I think the jump-off point in 2019 was particularly challenging. I think we need to go through the pricing cycle for 2021 to see where the margins land. We still have very high hopes for this business. It leverages our Medicaid footprint, our Medicaid network. Nearly 90% of our members are fully subsidized. So we're servicing the working poor -- serving the working poor. So it fits strategically. But let's go through the 2021 pricing cycle and see how we can grow the profit pool over time.
Joseph Zubretsky: Matt, on the last point, it's the question of elasticity of demand. And I think where we misforecasted was the result of members moving as prices were moving up. As price increases were going into the market, members would move for $10 and $20. And I think as prices have now moderated and even declined, I think you're seeing less movement for the same price differential as the market, as you suggested, seasons and matures. As your members become more chronic and they stay with you longer, these high-acuity members are not going to move their health plan if they're using a lot of services. So I think the maturity and the seasoning of the market has something to do with it. On your first point, yes, in Texas, in certain places in Florida, we did not hit the price point that we tried to due to a competitive force. And as we reprice into 2021, we're going to look at those markets and try to capture the market share that we think we can attain.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes. The balance that you referred to is what you need to titrate in this business. You're looking for how many members you can grow for the price point you put into the marketplace. And the favorable news in all of this is that while fewer members move, that also means that more members are retained. So we're projecting -- well, last year, we had about 1.5% to 2% membership attrition per month. We're projecting this year that to be more like 1%. As I said, as members stay with you longer, they're probably more chronic, heavy users of health care services and less likely to move. So I would say that, yes, as the market seasons, fewer members will move, but that's good for member retention.
Joseph Zubretsky: I think we have to go through the 2021 pricing cycle. We'll look at all of the factors in this business. We'll look at our networks. We'll look at our broker relationships and our commission structures and then, of course, product design and price point. And we still think we can grow the profit pool, albeit off a lower base. We're not reforecasting the long-term margin picture for the business, although suffice it to say, it probably will take longer to get there than we had originally forecasted.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, right now, as the department has published, if they went through the awards, the contract -- new contract would be effective on September 1, 2020. So therefore, it will be four months of revenue loss. And the Medicaid contract, that's approximately $350 million, and we estimate anywhere from $0.20 to $0.25 of earnings per share drag in this year. Now I wouldn't necessarily multiply that by three to get the full year impact because you just can't take the cost out fast enough. In one quarter, you're not going to take the cost out fast enough. So we need some time to readjust our cost structure and our fixed cost base to estimate the full annual effect. But for this year, $0.20 to $0.25 a drag in the latter half of the year through the last half of the year and $350 million of revenue loss in the Medicaid contract.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, Justin. And just to recap, during 2019, we were retiring the very expensive convertible notes that were in our capital structure -- that were getting more as the stock price moved up -- that were getting more and more expensive. So over a period of 18 months, we freed up $1.7 billion, and the notes right now are substantially gone. Now as you know, those notes have a dilutive effect on your share count. And so retiring those notes actually is a catalyst going into next year on the share count dynamics, as will be our share repurchase program having already repurchased 1.9 million shares. All that being said, we still have $1 billion of cash at year-end in the parent company, which means it's free and excess cash flow. We also have $900 million of undrawn debt capacity for a total of $1.9 billion of dry powder to fund our acquisitions, to repurchase shares and to grow the business the way we intend to.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, the tip we have under contract will be $90 million. $50 million for one, $40 million for the other. So total of $90 million for the 2 acquisitions. And then we still have $250 million left in our current share repurchase authorization, but we could top that up at some point in the future.
Joseph Zubretsky: I think that's a fair point. And the specific sites you mentioned certainly have a lot of intrigue around them in terms of how they all unfolded. We don't view it any differently than we always have. We think nonincumbents have a reasonable chance of displacing an incumbent, which means you need to protect your turf and go after the new ones hard. We still think the ground game works. You have to be in a state a year or two before an RFP has dropped in order to hold the provider relationships, the regulatory and political relationships and really get to know the landscape, and we're doing that. So while I think this year, as you mentioned, might have some idiosyncratic noise to it, we still believe that the pipeline of Nevada, Missouri, Iowa, Indiana, Tennessee, Georgia, a little further out. We'll evaluate all of those through the screens we put them through, the friendliness of the regulatory environment, reasonable rate structure, the strength of the incumbency and ability to develop a network. And we'll take our shots and go after the ones we think we can win. So long term, I don't think my view of the growth aspects of new state wins has changed even though, as you suggest, 2019 was a bit noisy.
Joseph Zubretsky: Josh, I'll answer the second question first and then hand it over to Tom. In 2019, we were retiring the very expensive convertible notes, which, as you know, end up in your diluted share count. So about 1/3 of our share count reduction is just the spillover effect of all the convert retirement activity in 2019 hitting full run rate in 2020, and the remaining portion is the actual reduction in the share count as a result of the share repurchase program. It does not anticipate any top-up to the existing $500 million authorization.
Joseph Zubretsky: It really wasn't. In the second and third quarter, we did note some cost pressure here and there. The one that we were most aware of and concerned with was in Ohio due to 3 things: the behavioral carve-in over a year ago; the inclusion of IMD facilities in the behavioral benefit; and then, of course, due to redetermination, the acuity mix shift. As we've often said that rate advocacy is a very important part of this business, and we and the other participants in Ohio work with the state, got a rate increase in mid-2019 and then got a very significant rate increase for 1/1/20 going forward. So that was the one we are most concerned with, and we think that has largely been solved with our rate advocacy efforts and a nice rate increase on 1/1/2020.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes. There are some benefit design of dental, vision and what we call ancillary benefit features, many of which we implemented in -- for this cycle. And then, of course, they're your broker relationships and is your commission structure competitive and we'll broker loyalty, help move membership. So we're looking at all of those factors in our 2021 pricing cycle.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure. The only changes to the RFP were two. I'll call them administrative matters, really. The questions on the capabilities did not change at all. But what we did, and I would imagine all of our competitors did, is you went back and looked at where you could absorb better and tried to shore up your RFP response, which we did. And as I said, I'm sure the competitors did as well.
Joseph Zubretsky: No. The dynamics in Texas and the two businesses are quite separate and distinct from each other under different regulatory regimes, et cetera. So no, we do not think that the Marketplace and Medicaid business had anything to do with each other. It was competitive pricing. You do the best you can. It's a blind bid. You try to predict where your competitors are going. And as I said, I think the good news is we did hit in 50% of our Silver geographies and in 75% of our Bronze geographies. So we hit the price point in many places. We'll try to do better next year. And hopefully, the attrition rate will stick, and we'll have sticky membership, and profitable going forward.
Joseph Zubretsky: In 2019, we are at the minimum MLR in one state, New Mexico. We have been for 2 years now. And as you know, the 2017 year -- it's a 3-year rolling calculation. The 2017 was a particularly poor year. And as we just announced, the 2019 was an exceptionally good year. So that will put pressure on the new MLR in a couple of additional states, but it's really not material to the overall story on the margin. It's really the product -- sorry, the volume pricing equation that is the larger part of the story, not the minimum MLR.
Joseph Zubretsky: Gary, on the last part of your question, the public charge redetermination, the impact on 2020. We certainly took all of that into consideration. And we saw membership stabilize in the last half of the year. The quarter-over-quarter sequential membership in Medicaid has pretty much held steady. And so many of the significant redetermination efforts that were going on, on Michigan and particularly Ohio, have moderated. Certainly, the public charges, we're aware of it. 3 of our states, California, Texas and Illinois in particular have high concentrations of the populations that are subject to it. But Department of Homeland Security only estimates that 140,000 people nationwide are really affected by it, but the chilling effect is something we're aware of and we certainly considered in our guidance. With respect to rate and profit improvement. It was not just Ohio. We actually did well on rates in many of our geographies. As I said, the rate environment is stable. It's very rational. It's actually really sound. And in just about all of our geographies, rate not only kept pace with low single-digit medical cost trend, it exceeded it in some places. So that helps margins in 2020. And also, we continue to pound away at our profit improvement initiatives. Payment integrity, utilization control, better risk scores all contribute to the profitability of both the Medicare and the Medicaid book of business. So we're pretty confident we can maintain this margin position in 2020 and perhaps beyond.
Joseph Zubretsky: No, Kevin. We expected the margin to be more -- closer to the long-term guidance range that we gave you. So we're certainly coming in lower. But as we said many times, you can't have a conversation about margin or membership without the companion statement. Our goal is to grow the profit pool and growing it off of the $75 million base will be pretty important to our earnings growth story going forward. So every single year we go into the pricing cycle. We'll try to sort through the competitive forces. We'll work with our broker relationships, and our goal is to grow the profit pool here over time. Now whether we can get it back to the 8% after-tax margin range we had originally forecasted, it will take some time to get there. But as we go into the 2021 pricing cycle, we'll know more.
Joseph Zubretsky: But all of those factors played into the margin compression for the year. Number one, off of the higher revenue base, the operating leverage is significant. Let's not forget that. Your variable cost in sales expense is certainly there, but you're leveraging your fixed cost base. So the fact that we didn't hit revenue really, really hurt us in the operating leverage in this line of business.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, when we go into the 2021 pricing cycle, we'll have to forecast. Again, here we go with 3 months into the year forecasting if we're going to be up against it in the state and take that into consideration in the pricing. And as you know, it's a 3-year rolling average. So you can't get it all back in 1 year. It takes time. But again, as Tom said, it's not a significant part of the story. We might bump into it in a couple more states than New Mexico. But it's just not a significant part of the story for this year.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes, I think that's exactly it. It's the balance of those three factors that you try to anticipate and price for. And this year, we misforecasted it and we didn't hit it.
Joseph Zubretsky: We believe we can get these to run rate to our target margins after 1 year of operating them, whatever that year is. 12 months of operating them. And bear in mind, it's not just getting the $550 million of revenue to our target margin. I hate to keep talking about operating leverage, but it's real. These two properties in particular, 1 in upstate New York, is basically just folded into our existing infrastructure, and same with Ohio. We have a very large Illinois health plan. We need no more management. We fold it in, and we get the operating leverage off it. So it actually produces north of your target margins because of the operating leverage you get, and we plan to get to our run rate after 12 months of ownership.
Joseph Zubretsky: Good point. Our retention during open enrollment was north of 80%. So we ended the year with 274,000 members. 80% of those are now members inside our 350,000 beginning of the year membership. We also saw this last year. And you can see it in the medical cost. You can see higher use of pharmacy, chronic conditions using expensive drugs. So the members are clearly more chronic. You see it in the risk scores. You see it in the retention rate and the open enrollment retention rate. And therefore, we are projecting that we'll only lose about 1% a month, where in the past, we've lost 1.5% to 2% a month.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes, absolutely. And again, higher acuity members, as long as you get paid for them and get the right risk scores, higher acuity members are fine and can produce target profitability. So yes, we took that into consideration as we price the book. But we have to get the risk scores, and we're getting better and better at that every day.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, certainly, in Medicaid with a projection for 2020 of 3.2% to 3.4% after-tax, we believe that the Medicaid margins are sustainable. And again, all based on a reasonable, rational and actuarial rate environment. So that's the context for being able to sustain those margins and our ability to manage medical costs. On the Medicare side, bear in mind, our book is different. It's not traditional Medicare Advantage. It's DSNP and MMP. These are high acuity members, heavily burdened with LTSS benefits and we're very good at managing those. So it's a $2.5 billion book of business with starkly different characteristics than many of the larger Medicare players. So I don't think the comparison to traditional MA is the right comparison. But we believe these margins are sustainable in this area. And yes, you're right. It's really the margin rebalance in 2020 on Marketplace that has caused us to operate at the lower end of our long-term guidance range. And as we go through our 2021 pricing cycle for Marketplace, we'll make the determination as to whether that long-term guidance still stands or not.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, clearly, when the HIF goes away for next year, it's a complete reversal. So you're right on that point. As you grow the business more aggressively, newer members that come on are going to attract a higher MLR. Typically, we see new members coming in, in the mid-90s, and the book as it seasons produces mid-80s. So if we start growing this book more aggressively, that will put pressure on the MLR, which will in turn put pressure on the margins, but that's all contemplated in pricing and in forecasting. That would be the dynamic that I would expect as we grow this book in the future.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes. There are a lot of moving pieces. And one thing I would say is that, first of all, we did retain an open enrollment, 80% of our members. So we have at least our own data point. Hard to say what the competitors saw. But we believe this is sort of a dynamic as prices have now stabilized or even moderated and decreased the $5, $10 and $20 price differential. Keep bearing in mind these are nearly fully-subsidized members. So the Marketplace, 10 million members wide. We're serving a niche. We're serving these highly subsidized members. 86% of our members have some subsidy. About half of those have a full subsidy. And the dynamics, I think, in that market might be different than the Marketplace at large. The members, high acuity, and they're using services. They're less likely to move. That's a dynamic we've always dealt with. But I think as prices have moderated, members are not leaving for the same price differential they have left for in prior years.
