Mark Keim: Sure. Josh, I added about 40,000 members through SEP in the quarter compared to the 200,000 net we lost in Medicaid. So if you put some conversion rate on how many of the 40,000 came from our Medicaid book or someone else’s Medicaid book, that conversion rate is pretty good. Call it, 15% or 20%. On the rate that they’re coming in at, it looks like they’re coming in pretty much at our portfolio run rate within Marketplace. We’re not seeing pent-up demand or anything like that. So we’re liking the pickup and the implications for future volume and those margins, so far are looking pretty good to us.
Mark Keim: Right. And just to put a little color around that. If in normal times you’re booking corridor expense and underlying trend increases quarter-to-quarter in our situation, I’ll just book less corridor expense. But it is important to note, I still booked meaningful corridor expense in the third quarter. So it’s not like the corridors have completely been offset. We’re still booking corridor expense and we still have a significant ultimate on those liabilities. Now, as Joe mentioned that corridor works well in the current fiscal year and that it’s about the new rate cycle. But remember, we tend to be best-in-class margins, which means that new rate cycle always works for us and replenishes our corridor position and keeps us in the mode we’re currently running.
Mark Keim: Yeah, the only other thing Nathan, I think you asked about the rate adjustment in New York. We reported as you know an 88.8% in Medicaid for the quarter. I’d estimate someplace around 30 bps is related to that specific phenomenon. And the reason it’s a little uncertain is in several of our states the retro rates constantly get revisited. I’m optimistic that this one gets a little bit better, but at the moment we book that adjustment.
Mark Keim: That that’s exactly right, payment integrity has become such a fundamental part of our operations and we do it fairly well. That prior year amount that you pulled from the earnings release was largely offset by corridors. Now, more to the point when we see strong prior period development, it’s tempting to be concerned about current reserving. Did they somehow offset to make earnings, something like that? Look, I’d point to the strength of our current reserve position, 51 days, DCP the growth versus revenue. So I feel both good about our current reserving position, but the strength of this prior year exercise as well through our payment integrity function.
Mark Keim: Yes. When we talk about reconnect, just to set the stage for everybody, we tend to think about two categories, most of them are what we call seamless that is within 90 to 120 days, they realized they lost coverage, contacted the agency and got back on as though they never lost coverage and we pick up the retro premium. Now as Joe mentioned, we’re only three, four, five months into this dynamic. So the people that are outside the 90 to 120 day window are only starting to emerge now. We call those reconnects with a gap. They will come in through the typical auto assign process. And through a number of algorithms, we’re getting better and better on auto-assigns in states. So I feel good about our recapture of those reconnects with the gap.
Mark Keim: So on the reconnects themselves, we’re seeing them come back in closer to the stayers average, the portfolio average. Now I appreciate your question about historical benchmarks of data, but the problem is over the last two to three years, we didn’t really have such a phenomena. But I am feeling pretty good about the MLR of these reconnects, both seamless and with the gap.
Mark Keim: A.J., the only thing I’d add is Joe has been adamant about small, stable and silver in this product. And so when we set rates last June, we set them on our discipline on our margin expectations. It looks like the risk pool next year is stabilizing with some of the more strangely players dropping out, which means the risk pool for the rest of us has stabilized as a result on pricing we committed to last June, we’re seeing a much better competitive position. Joe mentioned 20% of our county is now growing to 30%, where we’re number one or number two, which means I’m expecting to get more volume than I thought before at margins that conform with our discipline. So we’re feeling good about that outlook.
Mark Keim: I’ll take that. Obviously, I’m in no position to comment on retro rates that haven’t been contractually committed to by our state partners. But with our actuarial team and our data-driven process, we’re in there working with them. And I’d say there’s a handful right now where the data is compelling. The state is receptive to the discussion. We’ll let that play out. And of course, I’ll book those benefits if and when they come.
Mark Keim: And given that company is going into OEP themselves, they’re probably still working through what their outlook is for next year. So it’s definitely too early given the situation for us to comment on that one.
Mark Keim: Hey Sarah, on the reconnects, when we use the term reconnects, both seamless and with a gap, that is purely a Medicaid concept. So that 25% going to 30% that we’re seeing is strictly within Medicaid – then separately, as I mentioned earlier, we’re picking up members in the marketplace. I mentioned closer to 40,000 through SEP in the third quarter. So that would be a different concept. And obviously, as an enterprise, only helps – in the overall membership story. And then Joe is exactly right, on the two of the 12 states where we haven’t seen it yet, there’s a few things driving that. The timing of when folks started impacts how quickly data develops to have a data-driven process. The timing of the fiscal year is definitely a component, but in all cases, the concept of actuarial sales just means it’s a matter of getting the data into timing consistent with fiscal years and appropriate retro periods. So we feel good about that process. And again, the vast majority have already given us those concessions. So we feel good about how the process will unfold.
Joe Zubretsky: The second part of your question, Josh, you asked about the retention percentage. We just followed the data and with 300,000 membership losses to date, the first thing we say is it’s ill-advised to extrapolate any current result. Many of our states front loaded the process and by front loading we mean they specifically targeted members more likely to lose eligibility. And the fact that 70% of the terminations were procedural means that the reconnect rate has been high averaging 25% and now moving to 30% of those members who have lost eligibility. So we just followed the data and we originally said we would lose 400,000 of the 800,000 members we gained during the pandemic, and now that number has increased to 480,000. And I suppose that would mean that it is likely that whatever we’re seeing in terms of Marketplace pickup would likely increase as well.
Joe Zubretsky: On the Medicaid MLR, I’ll kick it to Mark here for more color. But as we’ve always said and we made a big point of this at Investor Day. On the pre-COVID minimum MLRs and corridors that set sort of an industry benchmark of medical margin performance. We have routinely outperformed those benchmarks, which gives rise to a payback to the state in the form of a liability in many of our states. And some of those corridors we’re deep into them, meaning that we’re in the 100% tier. So with that having been said, if performance deteriorates during the year for any reason, whether it’s an acuity shift for redetermination, whether it’s a trend inflection, whether it’s flu or COVID for whatever reason that liability acts as sort of the first financial cushion to absorb it before rates pick up, meaning the acuity adjustments, trend assumptions, always being baked into rates, fulfilling the concept of actuarial soundness. And we’ve said that from the beginning of this process that this is developing exactly as planned. We knew there’d be an acuity shift, manageable and modest as it is, and would put pressure on the underlying MCR. Our corridor liabilities would act as the first point of financial cushion until the rate process takes full credit of the acuity shift and trend. And that’s exactly what’s happening today.
Joe Zubretsky: Kevin, the second part of your question was on the Medicare MCR, which admittedly ran hot in the quarter at 92.4% and was running in the high 80s earlier in the year. We’re still on target to produce 2.5% to 3% pre-tax margins in that business. It should be twice that, our target is 5% to 6% pre-tax. And yes, we saw some trend inflections in the third quarter that were higher than we observed in the first part of the year. But we’re conservative pricers. We caught some of these trends early in the year, whether outpatient, professional services, screenings and PCP visits are back both on the medical side and on the behavioral side. And LTSS hours, the hours assigned to the frail members who are getting in-home services increased slightly in the quarter. All in, we believe we captured a conservative view of medical cost trend, which right now is running at 7% year-over-year higher than we had expected, but we believe we’ve captured that in our 2024 bids and fully expect our Medicare business to be back to 5% to 6% pre-tax margins in 2024.
Joe Zubretsky: I’ll answer the second question first. Investment income is not only generally, but almost entirely outside the conversation of rates, which generally focused on what we call medical margin or trend assumptions. In some cases they also focus on a G&A load, but that’s rare and infrequent. On the PYD, I’ll kick it to Mark because we’re very confident in the strength of our balance sheet. Two points I’ll make. From a business perspective, our payment integrity routines are both prepay and postpay. In a postpay routine where you identify things that you should not have paid for and recover it from providers. By definition, that is accounted for in prior period development because it relates to prior periods. That is a large share of any prior period development that we report. Second point to note is, don’t forget, we have corridor liabilities relating to some of these prior periods. And to the extent that PYD went against a state in a period where a corridor liability existed, then it was muted in terms of its financial impact.
Joe Zubretsky: I think we use the word generally, obviously, because we were reporting a retroactive rate that not only us but the entire industry is advocating a guest. So that was the reason for the term. But for the most part, about 40% of rates that we know about that impact 40% of our revenue for 2024 in the Medicaid business, the rates have been actuarially sound and have included what we consider to be actuarially reasonable adjustments for acuity.
Joe Zubretsky: The other – maybe the last point to make on this point is a really important one. Durational acuity and lever stayers and joiners is not a new phenomenon to tracking a book of business. It’s just that in this environment, it’s more important to track it and to be able to forecast it. People come in to Medicaid because they need services, they can end higher than the portfolio average. And by the time they leave, they’re using fewer services and leaving out lower than the portfolio average. That’s the way the business works. And we have produced through all of that, on average, 88% – between 88% and 89%, 88.5% on average MCR. That’s the way the business works. The issue here is because of the redetermination pause during the PHE, there’s twice as many people leaving than joining. So this has always been a phenomenon. We’ve had tracking mechanisms for durational acuity. We understand the levers, stayers and joiners analysis really well. But it is very early in the process. And I come back to the point we made earlier. It is ill-advised to mathematically extrapolate any of these data points, certain states front-loaded the process. And as you suggested, with the procedural termination rate being so high, the reconnect rate is higher than anybody expected and likely growing.
Joe Zubretsky: So Scott, we’re very pleased with the strategic complement to our Medicare business, taking it from a $4 billion business to nearly a $6 billion business in a very important state for us, obviously, in California, where we’re doubling the size of our Medicaid business. So from a strategic rationale perspective, we’re very excited about it. In our embedded earnings is a run rate accretion level of $1 of earnings per share, ultimately, given the way the CMS pricing cycle works, it is going to take us a little longer than normal to get there, but we’re confident in doing so. I’ll stop short on commenting about their financial performance. They’re a public company. This is a material to their operations. So I would allow them to report on how they’re doing. But we do have visibility into how they’re performing. And when we said that one of the variables going into next year is how will it perform in the first year. We don’t yet know because we don’t know where it will be performing when we close on it. I’ll stop short of commenting on their performance because that would be inappropriate. Obviously, they’ll report earnings soon, and you can get a view as to how the Medicare business is doing.
Joe Zubretsky: First question, Gary, this is Joe. Yes, as embedded earnings, you’re absolutely right. We removed Indiana from embedded earnings but replaced it with New Mexico and an expansion in Texas now that the contract is finalized. And yes, as I said, we’re very confident that we can get Bright to target margins after a two-year period and achieve the $1 earnings per share accretion number. And again, we’re just saying that we just don’t know what we’re going to inherit in terms of earnings per share closing to forecast the first year.
