Joseph M. Zubretsky: Sure, Josh. At Investor Day, we laid out a very clear path to our margin expansion and recoverable – expansion strategy and sustainability, and we identified a portfolio of nearly $500 million of profit improvements to be harvested over a two- to three-year period. Many of those are raw execution at the local level, tiering out high cost providers, re-contracting ancillary services locally, achieving better and more consistent execution of basic utilization controls. This company had inconsistent processes. It had, in some cases, poor execution in some of our local health plans and by a rigorous performance management process, leading indicators that identify the number of authorizations that are going in, so that we can head off high acuity inpatient trends that are emerging, all of these are contributing to the very favorable medical care ratios that we're experiencing in the first half. And I will tell you that the more complicated end of those profit improvement initiatives, outsourcing, co-sourcing some of our specialty utilization controls in other things like that, including PBM re-contracting or adjusting the planning stages and we can provide more margin upside in the future. So at the early stages, we're executing well locally and its managed care fundamentals.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: At this early stage, Josh, we're willing to say and express a high degree of confidence in the margin ranges that we conveyed to you at Investor Day. I think as we get closer to developing our 2019 plan and look at where medical cost trends are landing, or looking at the strength of the rates that we're receiving from the states, we'll be in a better position to perhaps update those target margins, but at this point, at this early stage, we will convey to you that we are expressing a high degree of confidence in the margins that we projected.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: I think if you take a look at the Investor Day projection which included the complete loss of Florida Medicaid and the complete loss of New Mexico Medicaid and just pro forma back in $5 million to $550 million of recovery for Regions 8 and 11 in Florida, that's probably the one adjustment I would make to the revenue outlook we gave you at Investor Day. There's other puts and takes. Washington will probably have better membership next year due to our successful re-procurement. That might be aided by the behavioral benefit carve-in, but offset by the pharmacy carve-out. So there's all types of puts and takes, but I think the major item would be Regions 8 and 11, $5 million to $550 million of revenue in addition to the outlook we gave to you at Investor Day.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Our decision to file the rates and then just pause until open – you have until open enrollment to make that decision. And I just think it's prudent to see every bit of data off your 2018 performance. The issues we had in Utah and Wisconsin were mostly related to a network that was too wide and too highly priced. And the team is working at developing a network that will support the prices that we file. I would suffice it to say that I'm inclined to say that we would re-enter, but we don't have to make a decision until the end of the summer. We're going to watch every bit of data emerge on 2018 to make sure we have this right and then we'll make the call at that point.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Yeah. New Mexico obviously is experiencing an epidemic of sorts of opioid substance abuse, opioid use disorder and the incidence rate is quite high. And it is putting pressure on the Medicaid line of business. We're on it. We're delivering the services we need to deliver. It's really not been reflected in the rates we got. So it's putting pressure on the MLR, but it's really that pure and simple that's what it is.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: No, I don't believe so. I think it literally is just a one component of medical cost trend that is racing ahead of our price to expectation.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Sure. With respect to the Marketplace business, the rates that we filed are no longer what I'll call corrective. The last two rate filings were clearly corrective rate filings to get our prices where they needed to be in order to have a margin that is in excess of our cost of capital. The prices we put into the market this year that we filed are more reflective of the acuity of the members we think we'll attract, any benefit changes, although that's pretty limited in this product line, and medical cost trend. The strategy for 2019 in the Marketplace was to optimize our contribution margin, not to grow membership considerably, but not to allow it to attrit considerably due to competitive pressures. So, our outlook for 2019 Marketplace should be maximize margin, hold onto membership and let's see what happens, so that we can perhaps grow this business more aggressively in 2020. With respect to the core business, look, we're operating pretty well. Our Medicaid line of business at 90% for the first half. TANF at 90%, we think can still be a little bit better. ABD at 93%, we think there's more opportunity there. Expansion at 87% is probably where it needs to be. And our Medicare line of business at 85% is doing well from a medical margin point of view. The SG&A ratio is still a bit high. So there is more opportunity here. It's all about the rates and the strength of the rates you get. And as we also said at Investor Day, we always put in a hedge for medical cost trend inflections that you don't anticipate or a bad rate here and there. So, we remain guarded and cautious, but obviously, we're off to a good start and we still think there's plenty of opportunity for improvement.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Sure. On an adjusted basis, I mean, you really have to scrape out the CSR subsidy and the noise. If you scrape out the noise, we did just under 10% for the first half and I'll remind you that has the seasonality effect of the business. In the back half, we're projecting to be slightly over breakeven. And on the same basis of the target pricing margin of 4.6%, the guidance margin for Marketplace is just under 5.5%. So, we're beating the – our guidance calls for a beat to our 4.6% target pricing margin.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: ...in tracking the moving pieces, the major profit improvement initiatives that are what I call enterprise-wide, re-contracting our PBM, perhaps re-contracting some of our specialty UM, perhaps outsourcing or co-sourcing some of our IT and transaction services operations that would provide significant benefits along the lines that we conveyed to you at Investor Day, those are still in the planning stages and will provide benefit in 2019 and 2020. I always remain cautious about the rates we're going to get. Right now, the rate environment is what I consider stable. It's mostly meeting the actuarially soundness standard. It generally reflects the trends we are experiencing, but I always just remain guarded on the strength of the rates we're going to get. So if rate environment remains stable and strong and our profit improvements take hold as we think they will, perhaps there is upside, but again, it is too early in our turnaround plan to begin conveying expanded margins to what we conveyed to you at Investor Day. Let's wait till the end of the year, see how 2018 plays out, and when we give you 2019 guidance, hopefully there could be positive news there.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Sure. We remain committed to the operating leverage, that is we're holding our operators accountable to actually holding fixed costs fixed and only adding a variable cost when volume is involved. Second, we continue to chip away. No major announcements, but every day, every month we find new opportunities. In the quarter, our administrative costs were sort of flat quarter-over-quarter. So the reduction in the G&A ratio was actually a function of the revenue line, rather than the cost line, and we do have a backend loaded SG&A forecast. The SG&A forecast is $50 million higher in the back half of the year than the front half as we deferred some improvement projects. We have the New Mexico and Florida transition cost to incur, and Medicare marketing season opens as you know in October, November. So there's potential upside there, but right now we're comfortable at our original guidance of 7.4%, and any reduction in that clearly is coming from the revenue line and not the cost line at this early stage.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: The resubmission was actually almost a nonevent. The RFP came out on July 23rd I believe, we have 30 days, so it's late August when it's due. There was only one noticeable change. So there was no change to the very technical requirements. They only gave you 30 days to respond, so they couldn't change much technically, what they did include was a more subjective element to the evaluation process to where the raters and the evaluators can inject more subjectivity and judgment into the raw scoring. Rates were still not part of the bid. We were comfortable and confident in our original submission. We remain comfortable and confident with our resubmission, and we're still hopeful that our six regions in Texas can expand to something north of 6% and south of 13% and we can expand our ABD revenue in Texas as a result of this. So we still remain very bullish and optimistic on the prospects there.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: They have not given a date. They have not updated the date that they indicated they would announce the award. So we don't actually know.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Ana, it's the latter. We have to stay focused and committed to our margin recovery. And the keyword here is sustainability. That's the key question for us, that's the key question for you. And we actually think we are at the early stages of improving our core processes, the infrastructure to support the complexity of the revenue we take on in order to sustain these margins. And as I mentioned before, if we continue to be in a stable and actuarially sound rate environment and those profit improvement initiatives we conveyed to you at Investor Day, there could be margin upside here, but we remain committed and focused to the sustainability and margin expansion. And we have enough revenue right now to consider this a very solid franchise. We have a Mississippi implementation going in. We have an Idaho expansion. There's a potential LTSS opportunity in Ohio a year, year-and-a-half out. So there's plenty of growth opportunity in our existing footprint that we can focus on as we expand our margins and not get distracted with greenfield opportunities.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Well, I think, Steve, I would make two comments. One, getting better at accounting for it is only half the battle, we actually have to get better at doing it and getting risk scores that are commensurate with the acuity of our population. We clearly got better at accounting for it, but we are actually getting better at actually doing it, and having a profit improvement emerge out of the improved risk scores that we're harvesting. I would tell you that the first half of 2018, our revenue profile on the revenue that we booked for the first half is reflective of the experience that emerged off of 2017, whether there's upside to that or not we'd have to wait and see. But the 2018 revenue is being recorded on the same basis of the experience that emerged out of 2017.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Well, I'd answer the question maybe slightly differently than you even asked it, it's a question of how did we price? And again, when you're filing rates three, four months into a year that has experiences yet to emerge, you're forced to be cautious and conservative. So the 2019 rates that we filed actually included a risk adjustment outlook that was pretty consistent with the 2017 experience that emerged into 2018 and the 2018 experience that we have currently. If we get better at actually harvesting the risk adjustment scores that would be upside to our 2019 performance.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: The behavioral carve-in was worth about 10 percentage points in the rate, if you can use that in your model that might help you.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Sure. I will say in the early stages here, the profit improvement is emerging out of better execution of utilization management on the front lines in the local health plans, one. Second, re-contracting, tiering out high cost facilities, re-contracting with re-contracted behavioral services in various geographies with outsourced vendors. So re-contracting utilization control and we've gotten a lot better at claims handling. When we say there's less going into the provider settlement pot, I mean that gets expensive. And so we're just getting better at straight through processing, auto adjudication, our rework rates are down, our provider settlements are down, more to go there, but it's all contributing to the early success we're experiencing here. I'd say those were the three major categories and better risk adjusted revenue retention. Those are the four categories that we're probably hitting hard right now. The enterprise-wide initiatives, all the re-contracting, potential outsourcing in the works, plans in place, execution for 2019 and 2020.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: It's really hard to say. Many of the let's say locally deployed initiatives are hitting, the bigger ticket ones or not, but clearly when we developed our 2018 plan and looked at the strength of our rates, we know we needed more locally deployed profit improvement initiatives. In fact, when Hampstead Mac joined us we added over 100 basis points of revenue to everybody's profit improvement plan. So it's hard to say how much of the $500 million was actually harvested to date, but most of this is raw execution on the front lines on the three or four core processes that I mentioned. When develop our 2019 plan or perhaps at our next Investor Day, we'll do our re-accounting for the $500 million of opportunity, so you know how much is left, but I would tell you that a significant portion of that, the enterprise-wide initiatives has yet to have been harvested.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Yeah. I think it's fair to say that our first half results, there's always puts and takes for the quarter as you adjust your outlook. But the first half results are a fair reflection of the strength of our risk adjustment position for 2018. So I would ask that – as we talked about a $3.70 pure performance first half that is reflective of our 2018 risk adjusted revenue outlook for the marketplace.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Because it's a three-year rolling average, we still have enough of the old experience in the calculation where we're generally avoiding that for this year and probably for next. It's a very fair characterization that our rates are no longer corrective. They are now reflective of the acuity of the membership we believe we will track, of the trends we are experiencing and always with an outlook of where the competitors are. So this is a blind bidding process as you know, so you could talk to yourself and convince yourself that your rates are okay and you'll track membership, but you always have to have an outlook of where is your product price juxtaposed against the competitors, where do you think they'll land so you have an outlook of what type of membership. So we do a very detailed elasticity of demand study on where our pricing is. And that's how we prepare our rates, whether they're mid single-digits or low double-digits, it's always reflecting trend and then juxtaposed against where we think our competitive pricing is, and where the competitors will land, so we can attract the membership we plan to attract.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Well, right now, we're still focused on our recovering sustainability plan. We are not really looking for inorganic opportunities. I will tell you that in the near-term opportunities that we've identified in some of our existing footprint, if we can harvest that revenue over the next year or two, it will require risk-based capital to be deployed in our local health plans. So as we outlined to you at Investor Day, there is $1.5 billion to $3 billion of opportunity, we only squeeze $600 million out per year for each of the following two years. If we went more aggressively at that, figure around 10% to 15% of that revenue being tucked away as statutory capital, which by the way is the highest and best use of excess cash flow, as it produces north of 30% levered returns. So we're very focused on driving the value of our business through our existing footprint first. We will look to then greenfield opportunities later and if our currency trades well and we can get back in the M&A game at some future date, then we would do that. But right now focusing on organic growth opportunities that will require our free and excess cash flows to be deployed locally as statutory capital.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: No, I think we tried to give you all a very clear picture over how the business was performing and we actually think that first half sort of pure performance picture of $400 million pre-tax, 240-plus million after tax and $3.70 is a very clean and accurate view of how the business is performing. There's puts and takes all over, but for the most part with respect to our product lines, our local health plans all aggregating to the consolidated view we, think that's a pretty good picture.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: No, it's pretty much a push on the EPS line. If you assume you're going to repay debt with the proceeds, it's a push on the EPS line. It generated about $30 million of EBITDA and $7 million of EBIT on an annualized basis. So the multiple we got for it was actually quite attractive. But it's a push on the EPS line if you assume we'll repay debt.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: It is too early to tell. But I can only tell you what we strove to achieve in our pricing strategy, which was to – except for Utah and Wisconsin which are separate, to maintain the membership profile that we have and maximize the contribution margin dollars. And so put a price in the market that remained competitive juxtaposed against the competitors that would show well on the exchange, maintain the membership profile, don't try to grow it, but make sure it doesn't attrit, and maximize the contribution margin dollars. That was the strategy. And then of course, if we're successful in launching Utah and Wisconsin, that would be added membership. But the strategy wasn't to grow it or let it attrit. It was to maintain it and maximize profit.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Well, if you recall in our margin projection, we included $50 million pre-taxed of a headwind in 2019 due to stranded fixed costs for the combination of New Mexico and Florida. The fact that we've actually now retained over $500 million of our Florida revenue, that $50 million is more like $40 million. So it's already included in our margin forecast for 2019, but I'm not satisfied until we actually try to solve for it. We just thought it was prudent and cautious to say it could get stranded, but we have teams of people who are working on extracting the variable costs, the step variable costs and the next step would be get at the fixed cost that could get stranded if we don't get at it quickly. So we are committed to trying to outperform that assumption, but it was already included in our 2019 margin projection.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Puerto Rico could provide some upside, but we did not include any upside. At the time, we prepared our forecast...
Joseph M. Zubretsky: ...it was unclear whether we'd even be successful in Puerto Rico. Now that we have been, we're actually pretty confident that we'll do very well in the auto assignment process for the Commonwealth, and we could see some membership growth from our 320,000 members, but that was not included in our forecast at the time, nor was any loss of membership. We pretty much forecasted status quo.
Thomas L. Tran: (32:02) offer one additional data point there is that we're obviously looking at the Marketplace and there are two markets that we have filed rates for which is Wisconsin and Utah that we may consider a re-entry. We will make that decision until a little bit later in the year, but that's also a potential upside in our premium income as well.
Thomas L. Tran: I would add one more data point to that, to what Joe said is that the go live day has been pushed back...
Thomas L. Tran: That's correct, Steve. CSR is really a adjustment to the medical costs and if you look at the Q2 premium for marketplace, it is benefited from the risk adjustment from 2017. So that's why you had a little bit of a artificial lift, if you will. If you adjust it out, then Q1, Q2, they're fairly stable, Q1 stepping up to Q2 slightly roughly about $15 million, $16 million. So that's really the picture.
Thomas L. Tran: Let me comment on the pharmacy carve-out, which was effective July 1 of this year. So, as Joe commented before, it's approximately $100 million of back half premium reduction. So behavioral health, on the other side, does not kick in until the first part of 2019. So there is a timing issue there, but what Joe commented before is that we feel optimistic that we will expand membership in 2019. So on top of picking up the behavioral health premium, then it possibly may more than balance out the loss of the pharmacy revenue.
Thomas L. Tran: These are basics fundamental of execution on our plan and that's why you see California has some improvement. There's also some – if you look at California first half – first quarter, second quarter, I mean loss ratio improved quite a bit. And that's pretty much across a lot of lines of business as well.
Thomas L. Tran: I would also add to what Joe said here. I'm sorry. But we have a very high visibility to our premium rates already for the year. So that's pretty good locked in pretty close to 100% that we know about. So the balance is really managing our medical cost structure. So we have good sense on that side, so that give us comfort level to look at second half of the year.
Thomas L. Tran: Sure. Sure. Very fair question. And the bulk of this risk adjustment item from 2017 pertain to the largest states such as Texas, and the rest I won't go into the detail of that, but certainly if you look at from an allocation perspective, the typical market share that you see from our Marketplace state-by-state, that will be a way to look at it. But Texas is certainly the lion's share of that adjustment.
Thomas L. Tran: Yeah, yeah. That's correct. Yes, the industry in Florida was handed $185 million update to the EAPG Fee Schedule, $26 million of it related to us, we recorded it in the quarter. Yeah, there were other, I mean, there's so many other puts and takes in the quarter, we thought we'd call it out, because it was sort of an industry phenomenon and it was sort of known out there and clearly something that masked the true performance, the core performance of Florida was actually pretty good this year and it sort of masked that. So we thought we'd call it out. But that's what that's related to.
Thomas L. Tran: No, when we projected 2019 margins, we extracted the contribution margin from the Medicaid business. As I said, included the stranded fixed cost, that's already been embedded in there.
Thomas L. Tran: Sure. Sure. I mean, you look at the operating cash flow, it was down definitely and primarily related to the receivable and the timing of receipt of premium in certain states, some of the larger states California, Florida, Ohio, Washington, they're more or less temporary in nature. And also we have HIF, health insurance fees receivable that we don't get settled with say until later part of the year. And one other data point is that with the reduction in our Marketplace membership, went down by more than half, you would see that medical claims payable related to that also came down. Therefore it'll affect cash flow as well.
