John Molina: Josh, this is John. A little bit different kind of contract than we are used to. A couple of years ago, we actually went into a management of the acute care services of a hospital that we did not own but that a behavioral health company owned. Given their priorities and our priorities did not converge as we expected. We felt the best thing for us to do was to get out of that contract. In order to get out of that contract, we took a charge of $15 million. 
John Molina: Correct. Josh, we did book it medical expense because it was part of our direct delivery network but not as an ongoing provider contract like we would have with an unaffiliated hospital.
John Molina: I think it’s the latter, Josh. We didn’t book anything in the fourth quarter. It’s not that we are less confident, it’s just that we have really no additional news that would give us any more confidence at this point to book anything. It’s a very challenging environment to try in and keep the accounting in parallel with items that we can’t assess. 
John Molina: We do assume that we will book a portion of it and on Thursday we can provide some additional insight into that. 
John Molina: Sarah, this is John. I don’t have that numbers specifically for Texas and suffice it to say we are we’re going to be detailing that out on Thursday but it still remains very low single digits if anything at all. And I think a couple of states actually had some drop in the rates effective Jan 1. So the rate environment is not where we would like it to be and our improvement is not going to be driven primarily by increased rates. 
John Molina: Providence is a little bit of a different animal than our normal managed-care tuck-ins. We see some of those come in with margins that start out a little bit lower and then they go higher. They start out a little bit lower because you’ve got some pent-up demand that occurs like usually in the first quarter after the acquisition, than of having higher margins overall because you don’t have to add as much in terms of an admin expense. Incremental admin for a tuck-in is less than the average. On Providence, that’s largely a fee for service business currently which Mario will discuss on Thursday how we want to use that in the future but we’ve only had it now for November and December. So it is moving along as we expected for the first two months. 
John Molina: I think at a very technical level, that might be the right way to think about it, Chris but again if you think about what happened in the fourth quarter, we had the benefit of the three items which are obviously not repeated in the other quarters. So that’s going to push down the rate. And again the fact that pretax income came in higher than we anticipated is also going to push down the ETR for the year and it’s all going to be magnified in the quarter. So like much of this year’s financial performance, I think the way to look at is to look at where we ended the full year on. And if you care to extrapolate, extrapolate from that, or wait until we talk about it on Thursday.
John Molina: There really hasn’t been change in the strategy of how we want to deploy the money in terms of statutory capital as we enter new markets and acquisitions both of health plans and new capabilities. 
John Molina: I don’t want to say our tax leadership may have forecasted it. I know that we typically do receive these kind of benefits, these kind of discrete benefits we generally record, that was in the fourth quarter. I don’t think there’s surprising in their size, I think what you might not have modeled, I don’t know what Tom, what you modeled for pretax income number. But again if you modeled a pretax income number much as we expected in our guidance, when that number turned out higher, it’s going to push down the effective tax rate. So that might be your issue there. 
John Molina: Again with the exception that pre-tax income came in higher than we expected, so that was a little bit of a – depressing all the tax rate. 
John Molina: This is John. We are still waiting on one of the Chicago acquisitions to close in March, the rest closed in January. 
Joseph White: Sarah, it’s Joe speaking. No, there wasn’t. If I can just tag on to what John said about rates, we’re not seeing anything different as he emphasized, now than we've been talking about for the last couple of years. Low single digits, at best. So I just wanted to make sure that that was familiar. But nothing picked up in New Mexico. 
Joseph White: Going back to the third quarter disclosure, I wouldn’t say liabilities are in excess of accruals because the two equal each other. If you took the department’s most extreme position, I guess, that exceeds our liability but we do not believe that it’s going to play out the department’s most extreme position. So we think we are adequately reserved at December 31.
Joseph White: It’s Joe. I will take that question. Outside of risk adjustment the impact of the 3Rs is very minimal. Obviously the corridors I think everybody is familiar with. There's not a lot of protection from those. Reinsurance is pretty much easily measured. So then we are left with the risk adjustment and I think it’s fair to say that if you look at the year in total which we disclosed for marketplace [technical difficulty] the number for the full year. So I think broadly you can take the difference in MCR between the fourth quarter and the year to date and that would basically reflect the impact of risk adjustment for the quarter. 
Joseph White: It’s Joe. I am not sure I understood the last question. But speaking in general, we feel that that for 2015 the full year financial performance we disclosed is indicative of where the margins ended up for this year. We don’t think fourth quarter reflects anything unique or any kind of inflection point. And as John and Mario said, we will talk about the rest on Thursday. 
Joseph White: The tax rate for the full year came in at – came in pretty close to what we thought it would come in when we guided back – revised guidance back in September. The rate came in around 56 – I want to say 56.2% -- which is 55.5% -- I think back in June, we guided to 56%. So it’s come in about what we expected it would come in at. Obviously it’s high for all the reasons we’ve talked about in the past, the non-deductibility of the health insurance provider fee in particular. 
Joseph White: That’s correct. In the fourth quarter added very typical, we took in some discrete items that were favorable, various credits and stuff that are available, swapping [ph] credits, R&D credits, normal course type of stuff. The ETR has also helped out a little bit by the fact that our pre-tax income came in higher than we were anticipating back in June when we revised guidance. So that gives you a – that improvement in the pretax number gives you – also gives you some lift in lowering your effective tax rate. 
Joseph White: Hi, it’s Joe speaking. The main issue that you see pushing through the Florida MLR is just the adjustments that we talked about, the exchanges. Remember most of our exchange enrollment last year was in Florida. 
Joseph White: Tom, it’s Joe. That’s correct. We are recording a revenue associated with Pathways as service revenue and related expense as service expense, just to separate it from our health plan.
Joseph White: Yes, they are small right now. The rebate accruals are within – well under $10 million. I don’t have that handy but they’ve pretty much dropped to nothing.
Joseph White: I haven’t done the math on that but you are correct. It is in medical costs, so to get an MLR you’d have to back that out.
Joseph White: Mike, it’s Joe speaking. I think what you will see going forward is that the health plan will pick up a portion of that service expense – the bottom line impact should be improved, slightly improved margins. 
Mario Molina: Well, that’s a 2016 question. But I think John, he made it clear that we still feel reasonably confident about marketplace from our perspective. 
Mario Molina: This is Mario. Yes, the duals continue to march forward. We are happy with the contracts. The issue in California is around the managed care tax. I do think that’s going to get resolved. So we are not anticipating any changes in those programs right now. If there was one thing we would like to see the government do, it would be to allow us to market and enroll directly as we do for other Medicare beneficiaries. 
Mario Molina: There is not a lot to say about Puerto Rico at this point. We’ve had that contract for less than a year. I would say that it’s operating pretty much the way we anticipated. We had some initial startup problems that are typical for any kind of a new health plan but those have largely been ironed out and it seems to be doing well. 
Mario Molina: Well, thanks for joining us everyone. We look forward to seeing you on Thursday in New York for investor day. 
