Joe Zubretsky: Josh, its Joe. We rewrote the goodwill associated with Florida and New Mexico off when it was announced we lost the contracts in the fourth quarter of last year. So there would be no additional goodwill or intangible write offs in those particular markets. Obviously, with nearly $400 million of capital as the reserves run-off and the premium flow stop we'll approach each of the state regulators with the dividend plan, to dividend that cash to the parent company to provide excess capital which is used to retire debt should have a meaningful impact on our leverage ratio next year. So, obviously disappointed, we lost the contracts but additional capital will be released from those entities.
Joe Zubretsky: The Texas Starplus program bid was submitted. Awards will be announced in October of 2018, with a January 2019 inception date to the contract. Bear in mind, we are only in six regions in Texas and we are bidding on all 13, so we actually view this as a potential revenue upside for us. Any comments on the tactics…
Joe Zubretsky: Both. We expected a normal flu season which averages between $15 million and $20 million and it came $18 million higher which is about 40 basis points in the MLR for the quarter.
Joe Zubretsky: On the marketplace results Justin, we're still taking a very cautious view of the balance of the year. We beat our expectations in the first quarter with a 67% adjusted, MLR adjusted for the CSR benefits, 800 basis point improvement over last year. Obviously, the result of nearly 60% price increases we put into the marketplace. And as we said, we will confirm that those prices perhaps will be uncompetitive, but they weren't. And we beat our membership forecast by 50,000 members. We now have 450,000 members and a significant portion of that beat was in Texas, our most profitable state. The reason for the cautious approach is utilization is very back ended into the last three quarters of the year as each quarter progresses, you have special enrollment members utilizing enrollment generally is of healthier members during the year. And of course benefit design out of pockets and out of pocket maxs and copays obviously have an impact on the back half of the year. But, we want to make sure that we have our seasonality projection correct. And we also want to make sure that our estimates of risk adjusted revenue are accurate. As you know, we haven't been as accurate as we needed to be in prior years. We think we have a better methodology now, but we have not included a lot of outperformance in the back half of the year for marketplace.
Joe Zubretsky: You recall when we did our preliminary guidance when we announced our fourth quarter. We said that the marketplace had a low single-digit loss last year. And in our guidance, we reversed the loss and basically forecasted a breakeven result even though we price to a 4.6% target margin. And what I would say in our revised guidance is the first quarter beat in the market place is in our guidance, but certainly not a lot of improvement in the back half of the year. So we want to wait and see the second quarter before we get a really robust forecast of what the marketplace is likely to produce this year. But the target is still 4.6% on gross revenue.
Joe Zubretsky: Yes. We are obviously in the process of developing our preliminary rate bids which as go in early June. We have decisions to make in Florida and New Mexico, if we lose our Medicaid contracts marketplace will be the only substantial business we have in those markets. Florida is seeing improvement this year and New Mexico is doing really well. It is possible, we would resubmit rates in Utah and Wisconsin. And certainly, the other states are performing well so there's no reason to believe that we wouldn't still be successful in our other states such as Washington, Ohio, in Michigan and California.
Joe Zubretsky: It really wasn't related to the two regions that we procured. In the fourth quarter of 2017. We began to see the emergence of high acuity inpatient cases. We thought we had captured it in our reserves, but early in 2018, we saw some negative development in Washington related to high acuity inpatient. That trend continued for the first quarter date of service. I will tell you that inpatient cases are over $50,000 in total cost. The reported number of those cases increased by over 65% in the quarter. And I also think we dropped our guard a little bit on some of our utilization controls. In those cases hit the stop-loss threshold and revert to build charges you need intense concurrent review procedures and the resources to make sure that you're paying appropriate amounts. And I would say that our concurrent review resources in Washington will not keep pace with the additional volume. So we of course corrected that and we project Washington to have better performance in each of the next three quarters than we had in the first, but probably not back to our full year annual expectation.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, I think the way I would characterize the entire process has been reengineered not just with external resources, but now that we have new leadership of our health plan operations bringing more local knowledge and subject matter expertise there and writing the proposals. It's just a better and more robust process that it will get better with time. So it's been reengineered from the bottoms up and we have a high degree of confidence that our Texas, Washington and Puerto Rico bid submissions were written in a high quality manner very responsive what the state wanted to hear about our capabilities and service profile.
Joe Zubretsky: The way we think about it is, if you just ignore the $0.38 which are onetime operating items that we raised our guidance by $0.60 to $0.65 and we view that as a $0.40 [beat] [ph] on the first quarter. And $0.20, $0.25 raise on the rest for the year. That's just a cautious approach we're taking not only on marketplace, but across all our business lines, we want to see another quarter of positive experience emerge. As you know our previous guidance on net margin basis was 1.1 to 1.3. That's now 1.3 to 1.5 adjusted for the CSR. And if that's the starting point for a trajectory marching toward our 2% after tax a goal, we think that's a great starting point. And we'll talk more at Investor Day about what profit levers will pull to make up the rest of the way. So, if we can hit it, it's a great starting place. Keep in mind that this is the year where we got the benefit of a tax rate decrease and premium rates were already set. So there could be some "tax windfall" in our current profitability and we're mindful of that. But, if we could hit that net after tax margin included in our guidance great starting place to get to our ultimate goal of 2%.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, on the tax windfall for lack of a better term when we gave preliminary guidance assume all other things being equal, I believe is about 40 basis point; 40 basis points from the margin. And that doesn't mean that it will or will not be considered as we said future rates. But I just wanted to remind everybody that the rates -- premium rates were set before the tax regime changed. We're just being cautious and conservative across the book of business particularly on marketplace. I wouldn't cite any one reason -- any one product or any one geography. We had some outperformance this quarter, our [outperformance] [ph] doing well. But, we did not project a sustainability of outperformance throughout the rest of the year. Again just being cautious and conservative given the company's past track record of missing estimates and not forecasting properly. But I think with a really good second quarter data point, we should be able to give revised guidance at the end of the second quarter that hopefully is reflective of what we are [Technical Difficulty] full year rate.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. First thing, I would mention is that the technology platform that was in-flight in our view was misaligned with our goals and objectives. It was implemented to produce administrative efficiency, but did not focus on clinical efficacy, UM, CM and DM. And so we want a business process and our technology platform to be squarely focused on managing our members to high quality care while producing a competitive MLR. And if it happens to save a few bucks of SG&A all the better. But we've got the platform that was being implemented with misaligned with that primary objective. Now we're not going to outsource core care management that is proprietary that's a differentiator. Our strategy that's emerging is one of -- who can manage high acuity members better than their competitors. So there might be technology components, there might be business processes that are very administrative that could be outsourced. But the core clinical activities of the company is a differentiator, is proprietary and will remain owned and operated by Molina.
Joe Zubretsky: I think Texas, Matt is simply a combination of two things. One, a very good and highly leveraged provider network and a stable risk pool. You have a combination of those two factors and you can actually make your target margins in this business with a great deal of predictability. And Texas has been the outstanding performer in the marketplace since we launched this business a few years ago and continues to be. So with 245,000 members up from 196,000, 197,000 last year, it's adding meaningfully to our earnings profile.
Joe Zubretsky: Overall? New Mexico struggled on Medicaid due to higher behavioral costs, but did well in the marketplace. Florida did as expected as you know it was in our list of turnaround plans and it performed better in the first quarter than prior year and in line with our expectations and the marketplace did show signs of improvement in Florida.
Joe Zubretsky: I think there are much different situations. In New Mexico, we scored highly on technical competence service profile and all the technical components of the proposal that we lost on rates. We made a calculated judgment at the time that we did in the top quartile range -- the range of rates that was offered and still win. And that wasn't true. We have to bid at the medium, your rate taker in this business, not a rate maker and yet the profitability stresses of the company at the time it took a very conservative approach to bidding on rates. I come at it from a different point of view that you need to build medium and then figure out how you are going to make your cost structure work to squeeze out of your 2% after tax margin. In Florida -- being a Monday morning quarterback and having the benefit of hindsight. It was a not a well written proposal that wasn't responsive to the state's needs. And we did have some service issues in Florida caused by the incredible growth of the marketplace that sort of tainted our operating excellence in Medicaid costs and service issues. So I think that of the two quite different reasons. They are quite specific to those situations and certainly not the case with Texas and Washington which are two very well performing health plans in great businesses run by great teams.
Joe Zubretsky: Yes. We have already started our unwinding plans. We certainly know the magnitude in ranges around what the potential these write offs, potential severance costs are. We will clearly update you at Investor Day on that.
Joe Zubretsky: I think the first thing, we have to do is parse the [indiscernible] development that Joe White and I talk about this often. So the $240 million number is certainly sizable and noticeable. Bear in mind that approximately $150 million of that is the explicit margin, we rolled into our reserves that due to the way it's accounted for in our disclosures always rolls off into the prior year and is then reinstated. So it's pretty much a wash. Therefore, you're really looking at $90 million of what I call actuarial base run-off in the quarter. We fully intended and our actual techniques to reinstate that level of conservatism in the first quarter date of service January, February and March reserves. And so, we believe that the P&L impact of reserve run-off in the quarter was negligible to minimal. If there was any impact, it's likely to be in the marketplace business because we are ultra conservative on setting those reserves at year end for a variety of reasons including our pricing repositioning. But our view is that we reinstated that level of conservatism into first quarter reserves and therefore the impact on the MLR in the quarter was negligible. And certainly the other puts and takes are our flu and some of the other smaller items. But I think the MCR except for that fact is actually pretty reflective of our performance in the quarter.
Joe Zubretsky: It's a process that you go through. It will be resolved soon. And as I said before right now we are considering these contracts plus we are pursuing all of the avenues available to us but we are contemplating the unwinding of our Medicaid operations each day. But also focusing on whether we should stay in the marketplace in each state. But, the process goes through a very as you know winding and arduous process of meetings and filings and those types of things, which we don't -- can't talk about. But it will evolve here over the next few weeks, it will resolve by Investor Day, we certainly will report to you on the outcome.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, you have the right question, the question that needs to be answered that is, what's the rate setting process going to take into consideration going forward? And as you know we are rate takers in this business, taxes are not as explicitly cited in rate reconciliations but they could be taken into consideration as states are projecting either what they're allowing for medical cost trend or [Technical Difficulty]. Now that the 21% tax rate is in the run rate of the business, I think we can stop talking about it and talk about rate adequacy going forward. And we'll certainly give you a view of what potential stresses there are from rate adequacy going forward as we talk about our future on Investor Day and how much of that we can erode through profit improvement initiatives. As our MCRs, as you can see by our disclosure are still running much higher than our competitors. So there's plenty of room for opportunity.
Joe Zubretsky: Jason the first thing you have to do is move toward a balance sheet that a managed care company ought to have. Obviously, the optionality in the balance sheet due to the converts need to be reckoned with. We took care of the 2024, 2020 is still out there. And so we'd have to deserve a cash position to "funded demand" for those notes should they be presented. Are part of our revolver still outstanding? So we could repay that and have some interest expense left. So yes the first thing to do is to sort of correct the balance sheet, the optionality in the capital structure. Delever get it down into a comfort zone of 50% to 55% percent initially, but that's we have earmarked for the cash generation initially. Before we start contemplating M&A or share buybacks or any of those other capital deployment techniques that once we hit steady state and start growing again we certainly would contemplate.
Joe White: Sure. Its Joe White speaking. We have the -- we continue to refine our procedures for estimating risk adjustment liability. We have the same basic processes, we've always had we've had our internal estimates. We have third party estimates and we merged those two to develop an estimated at any given point in time. But I think it's fair to say we are being more conservative. This goes back to last year when given our experience with this, we thought it was appropriate to take a more conservative approach. So as you can see the balance has increased a bit this year that's a combination of just taking a conservative approach to 2018 and a little bit of adjustment in 2017. So we feel confident in the numbers right now.
Joe White: Hi, it's Joe White speaking. The impact of the IHSS carve out in 2018 was already reflected in our preliminary guidance and isn't particularly substantial anyway.
Joe White: It's a combination. Its Joe speaking. Hi, Gary. It's a combination of that along with the fact we took a pretty substantial Medicaid expansion cut, I think in the neighborhood of 10% effective 71 last year. So it's those two factors.
Joe White: Not that I'm aware of that Gary. We'll have to go back and look at that. Again that we don't see the major cut was for Medicaid expansion in California was in July. So essentially if you have some of what you're talking about essentially a mix issue among the states.
Joe White: I know it's not Region 11. There's a -- that will be more or less consistent through the year. Couple of things are happening. One thing it'd been New Mexico where the loss of the contract there we're going to see an enrollment, an assignment for it beginning in the first quarter. We're also -- fourth quarter, I'm sorry, beginning in the fourth quarter of this year. We're also seeing a little bit of pressure in different states as a result of recertification and lower enrollment. So it's nothing dramatic, but there is a little bit of enrollment pressure. And as a practical matter we may see some loss of enrollment in Florida beginning in the fourth quarter just like we did in New Mexico.
Joe White: Hi, Kevin. Its Joe White speaking. That's just basically an arithmetic calculation of moving from a 35% effective tax rate to 21% that 40% drop in tax rate would move up 1.5% after tax returns in the neighborhood of 1.8% and 2% to the neighborhood of 2.4%. So that just that would apply to anybody measuring the tax benefit on an after tax basis, is purely arithmetic going from 35% to 21%.
Joe White: Hi. Its Joe White speaking. I think very little of that. That's all on the margins. Not going to have a huge…
