Mark Keim: Great. Hey, good morning, A.J. I'll take the first one and Joe will pick up the second one. On risk adjustment, let's touch on Marketplace and Medicare. On Marketplace, some of you have seen from the CMS files, we recognize about $20 million of additional risk adjustment benefit from the prior year between first and second quarter. Remember, we have insights on the development of that through the weekly service and other things, but across the first half, about $20 million from the prior year. So, first half revenue is about $1.2 billion. You do the math, a little bit less than 20 basis points in our first half, first and second quarter MLRs for Marketplace. Just for reference, it was about the same a year ago. So the year-over-year as compared, it's about the same, about 20 basis points of benefit.
Mark Keim: Sure, you are right. We saw a little bit more pressure in the legacy book in the second quarter versus the first quarter, and one of the drivers is just simply membership. You might recall, in the first quarter we noticed that we lost about 50,000 members due to redetermination. We were a little more than that in the second quarter at about 100,000. Just to round that out, we're currently at 650,000 total cumulative, and we expect to get back about 50,000 in the rest of the year through reconnects. So the volume, the membership up a little bit in the second quarter. I don't doubt that drove a lot of the higher legacy impacts we saw.
Mark Keim: Ryan, I’ll just build on that. What we've been citing and what many others are seeing, is that of the folks that get redetermined, they lose their eligibility, 70% are for procedural reasons. That means they just didn't fill out the paperwork or weren't aware. So that certainly argues against any kind of last minute usage, when in fact they weren't aware they were losing coverage. I think you also asked about the reconnects, when they come back in. Yes, very often for the first month we'll see a little bit of higher utilization. And think about it, somebody lost their eligibility. They might not know they lost it until two or three months later when they go to the drug store to fill out a script. At that point they are utilizing and that first month might be a little bit higher. But typically they are going to quickly resolve to the portfolio average. So we're not seeing any meaningful impact there.
Mark Keim: Great, and I'll go ahead and take the second one. Josh, per our reported results, as you know, the MCR in the first quarter on Medicaid was an 89.7. We reported a 90.8. Across the first half of the year, that's an average of a 90.2. We're tracking to an 89.3 for the full year, and I gave you the walk in my prepared remarks of how the second half supports that. We have great confidence in those three building blocks that support that. Now the 89.3 for the full year guidance is up from 89. The last time we were together, so we've raised the full year guidance by 30 bips. Two-thirds of that was just recognizing that one-time California item we had to jump over in the second quarter. So the rest is just a little bit of pressure from the second quarter legacy business, otherwise very much on track for an 89.3 full year.
Mark Keim: And Kevin, just a couple more thoughts. Since our last guidance in the first quarter, we probably see trend across our business for the year, up 150 basis points, 1.5% higher trend than we thought before. That's capturing what we saw in the second quarter and what we're expecting for the third and fourth. And of course, to your point, that includes the dynamic for the rejoiners and just as importantly what we're actually jumping off in the second quarter. So we're seeing a higher trend than we previously thought of 1.5%. Now, as we detailed, we've got known rate adjustments in the second half, both on cycle and off cycle, which defray about 1% across the full year of that trend. The other 50 bips is picked up by corridors. So we feel pretty insulated from a higher trend here, both on known rates and as Joe mentioned, this very important corridor dynamic we bring to the table. So yeah, we've been carrying 200 bips over the last couple of years within our reported MCR. It'll be lower this year, but that'll be a function of actual rates and the ultimate trend.
Mark Keim: Right. So Justin, your question is, yes, it's a little bit bigger than we've seen in the past, but we're a bigger business than we've been in the past. A lot of this stems from our payment integrity business, which reaches back into prior years to make sure that fraud, waste and abuse, things like that are addressed. So it's a little bit bigger. Of course, Medicaid and Medicare is where you expect to see it mostly, and that's what you'll see in the Q when it comes out. A little bit in marketplace, but most of it was in Medicaid and Medicare. As Joe mentioned, it really isn't a good guy this year, because we were big time corridor payers last year, and of course the prior year development goes to last year's corridors, so most of that got caught up in prior year corridors.
Mark Keim: Hey Stephen, it's Mark. There's a lot to unpack there. Can you start with the first one? I want to make sure I understand it.
Mark Keim: Sure. Now, the way to think about corridors, in prior years, roughly 200 was usually embedded in our reported MCR. Corridors track to an ultimate across the full year. So you don't really know until the year is over where you come out, and again, that's going to be a function of rate and trend. But what I can tell you is in the first half, I think about half of that normal rate was within our number if we look at what's happened and our expected ultimates. So we're definitely using some of it year-to-date. And as we mentioned in our remarks here, we're expecting to use some of it in the rest of the year. So think across the full year, roughly half of that normal run rate number.
Mark Keim: Hey, Michael. Good morning. It's Mark. Let me take OCF. As we mentioned, and for everybody's benefit, Michael's asking about a large difference in this year's first six months operating cash flow versus prior years. Just a note on that, I think some people forget that government services MCOs have a lot lumpier cash flow than maybe some of our diversified competitors. Commercial businesses tend to have much more stable quarter-to-quarter OCF as do services businesses. Government businesses, because of the timing of large payments, risk adjustment and corridors will be a little bit lumpier. The only other comment I'll make, and I'll get into the details Michael, is we are a growing business, and a growing business should always have OCF ahead of net investment income, because a growing business, that's the way the working capital cycle works, and we do. If you look at any broader time frame, you will see that. So the first half is really about a couple of unique items, unique items that benefited us last year and are now just sort of catching up. So there's three that we'll talk about and you'll see these on my operating cash flow in the earnings release. The largest one is the timing of risk corridor payments. Here's how to think about this. We're accruing less this year on risk corridors than we were last year for all the reasons Joe and I just discussed. But separately, I'm paying down last year's balances. So that's a big swing in OCF, call it a little more than $0.5 billion. Next one is CMS payments. You know it's funny, CMS payments usually come in a couple of days before the end of the quarter or a couple of days after the end of the quarter, and that makes a big difference on the reported cash flow. About 400 of our OCF swing is exactly that, and you'll see that on the operating cash flow statement. And the last one's a little bit unique. We had about $200 million of cash flow benefit year-over-year from California taxes. You might recall that California federal taxpayers got a little bit of a delay on their tax due dates back in 2023. So both, the 2022 final tax payments, as well as the estimated 2023 tax payments were delayed into the second half of the year. This year, we're right back on target. So year-over-year, that's a bad guy. This year, it was a good guy last year. That's $200 million right there. So I probably just walked you through the vast majority of that operating cash flow deficit you are talking about. We're very comfortable in the cash flow characteristics of the business. And again, look over any broader period of time, you'll see a great normalization in that relationship between OCF and net income. On the Medicare risk adjustment, a couple of comments there. Unlike Marketplace, most of that Medicare was a benefit from this year's operations, and gosh, we're just getting a little bit better at it. We've got a bigger business. We've got the bright business, and sure, there's always some prior year benefit. But a lot of this is, we're just getting better at the risk adjustment equation across each of our individual Medicare businesses.
Mark Keim: Sure. On the second half of OCF, a normal relationship is a little bit ahead of net income. So, think a relationship of 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, something like that. I would expect a more normalized relationship in the second half of the year. Again, looking over the two years in total, so much of that year-over-year comparison was about things unique to last year or unique to this year. Looking at ‘23, ‘24 combined, you'll get a very normal relationship between OCF and net income that'll certainly normalize in the second half of this year.
Mark Keim: Sure. A couple of things there. So you are mentioning the California negative retro rate adjustment. Look, I haven't personally seen one. That's the only one. I don't expect another one, but for the rest of the year, there's not speculation. Those rate increases that Joe and I talked about in the second half of the year, both the normal rate cycle and the off cycle rates, all of those are known and committed, so not a lot of speculation there. On the 200 basis points that you are talking about of historical, you can't really think about corridors on a quarterly basis, because they are an annual fiscal year concept. So you are always accruing to an ultimate, which means you are spreading out any impact across all four quarters, not quarter specific. So when I think about the full year and our fiscal year accounting, we said somewhere around half of the historical 200 is about what we think we're using. That's again a guess, and it will ultimately come down to the full year development of rates, trends, and our medical management.
Joseph Zubretsky: Say it again A.J. A.J., I think we lost you, but let me take your second question related to medical cost trends in the business. In Medicaid, as always, you see pockets of utilization increases in various geographies and in various healthcare categories. We see some pockets of skilled nursing facility cost increases, hours in home-based care. BH is spiking in a couple of geographies, but nothing we've never seen before. Pharmacy trend to high-cost drugs in the GLP-1s, certainly putting some cost pressure on the system. But again, nothing out of the ordinary and nothing that can't be dealt with, particularly as our corridor position absorbs these trends and then rates kick in to pick up the slack.
Joseph Zubretsky: The pressure is isolated. It's various healthcare cost categories in various of our individual health plans. And Mark covered this in his prepared remarks. Sometimes it's overlooked. We've been routinely over the past four years, paying into the risk corridors at minimum MLRs to the extent of about 200 basis points inside our NCR, which basically means if you are reporting an 88, you are performing at an 86, which gives you 200 basis points of cushion if a medical cost should inflect for any reason, whether it's an acuity shift or whether it's normal trend. So we see pockets of utilization increases as I described, in various categories, in various plans, but largely picked up by the corridors and mid-cycle rate increases and on-cycle rate increases, particularly in the second half of the year where 35% of our revenue renews in the second half.
Joseph Zubretsky: We've heard the discussion about over-utilizing in advance of losing coverage. We have not experienced that. Our leavers are leaving at the same MCR from the beginning of the redetermination process to the end. No change and no indication that they are using services in advance particularly, because in the termination process, many of them don't know that they've been redetermined. So they don't have any advance notice. They are just off the Medicaid rolls. They weren't using services and now they are off through the redetermination process. So we haven't seen that.
Joseph Zubretsky: I'll take the last part of that first Josh on marketplace. Clearly running at 72 for the first half and predicting 78 for the back half seems to be a push. But be mindful of the fact that SEP membership is quite high and those members are coming in at higher utilization rates than the existing membership. And then of course you have the natural seasonality of the business. Now, you are absolutely right. Last year, we actually invested margin in growth and we grew at $1 billion to $1.2 billion of revenue this year. Where we're running this year, we think we're at par. We think we're right in the single-digit land, but we could. You could see us be a little more aggressive on growth next year and try to grow this business as we did in 2024 over ‘23. So the margin position is solid. And again, our growth rate is going to be determined by our ability to produce mid-single-digit margins, just given the inherent volatility that exists in the business itself.
Joseph Zubretsky: Correct, and I think there'll be enough strength that we pointed out otherwise in the business to more than overcome that 30-bip increase. So I think we're in good shape.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, Mark gave you the numbers in the prepared remarks that are actual in the last four years. We have been paying in to the corridors to the extent of 200 basis points, contributing to the Medicaid MCR, 200 basis points. We said at the beginning of the redetermination process, we said this repeatedly, that the corridors were going to act as a financial buffer until such times rates pick up the slack, which is exactly what's happening. So yes, suffice it to say, this year our corridor liability isn't 200 basis points. We've used some of it to cushion the results, but some of it does remain in various geographies in a meaningful way. Now, the other point to make on the corridors is they don't just disappear forever. They replenish at the next rate cycle, whatever the state fiscal year is. And so if you could actually sound rates at the next rate cycle and you continue to relatively outperform that benchmark, you are back into the corridors and you are recreating that 200 basis points of cushion.
Joseph Zubretsky: And Stephen, we have very detailed models. We have an entire accounting system on NIM and MLR and corridor tracking. And one of the reasons we don't give specific numbers generally is if 50% or 75% of your premium has a corridor, you say, well, it's protected. Well, it's only protected if that's where the medical cost deterioration happens. And so looking at the gross number can just be very, very misleading. We have our arms around it. We know where we're protected. We know where we have upside opportunity and some geographies there's upside opportunity depending on where you are in the corridor. So we generally don't like to give specific numbers on how much premium is protected, because I think it gives a false positive.
Joseph Zubretsky: It is possible that if we're redoing that projection right now, it would have to be a little more influenced by M&A, just given where we are in the reprocurement cycle, but we're very active in the M&A space as we just demonstrated. Yeah, comments have been made that the last two transactions that we executed were Medicare and marketplace, which some people are calling non-core. They are core. They are as core as Medicaid. And our pipeline is still very active with Medicaid opportunities, and you'll hopefully see Medicaid transactions here over the next 12 to 18 months. We're still very active in that space. The last two we did were non-Medicaid, but that doesn't mean we're not actively pursuing them and working them.
Joseph Zubretsky: And Scott, on the Connecticare acquisition, the business performs okay. It does not perform to Molina target margins. As typical in these situations, we intend to improve the MCRs in both, the marketplace business and the Medicare business, and rationalize the G&A spend. It is not a huge undertaking. As I said, they are underperforming our targets, but not woefully underperforming. We will improve the performance by moving these simply from where they are to Molina targets. Pay per membership, good brand recognition. We bought it at 25% of revenue, half of which is hard capital. And then we unleashed the Molina playbook to get it to our target margins, the dollar of accretion. Great deal for us.
