Mario Molina: Thank you, Juan José. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our discussion. First, I want to say that John and I will be brief in our remarks today. We will have a full afternoon with many of you at Thursday’s Investor Day in New York City. There is too much happening at Molina to cover in a single phone call. So today we will focus briefly on 2013. On Thursday, we will share our thoughts on 2014 and beyond. I look forward to seeing you there. For Molina Healthcare 2013 was another successful year of continuity, growth and opportunity. The results that we are reporting today conclude a year in which we strengthened the foundation of our existing business, expanded into new markets, added new products and prepared for the opportunities in front of us. Profitability of its core operation is essential to any business. This is why we've made such great efforts to stabilize medical costs in 2013. During 2013, I'm pleased to report that eight of our nine legacy health plans reported increases in medical margin. 2013 was also a year of growth. Our total revenues reached $6.6 billion, a record for our company. We expanded our national footprint by entering two additional key states, Illinois and South Carolina. Our entry to Illinois came by way of startup, while South Carolina was achieved through an acquisition. In our existing states we nearly doubled the size of the New Mexico health plan by assuming another health plan’s Medicaid contract. We were awarded a long-term care contract in Florida, we expanded statewide in Ohio and we secured five dual eligible contracts more than any other health plan in the country. In addition, last week, the California Health and Human Services Agency notified us that Molina Healthcare will be offered a direct contract in Los Angeles County for the Duals Demonstration pilot. This is an exciting development, as it represents a new service area to complement our participation in Riverside, San Bernardino and San Diego counties for the Duals Demonstration pilots. We accomplished all of this, while preparing our organization for the implementation of the Affordable Care Act requiring us to scale and build the infrastructure required to accommodate Medicaid expansion and the new marketplace products. I’d like to take a moment to thank all of our employees for their hard work and their contributions during 2013 in transforming our collective aspirations into reality. Of course, all of these accomplishments have not come easily and much work remains to be done. Pressure on premium rates, increased spending on administration in preparation for the new enrollment and temporary delays in some programs continued to create a challenge for anyone involved in the Medicaid business. Since 1981 when my father founded this company, our success has been rooted in our ability to respond to and overcome the challenges in our industry, never losing the focus on serving those most in need and least able to afford care. Today we arrange care for over 2.1 million persons in 11 states, building upon our leadership in serving the underserved, we believe the coming years will take us much, much further. We're very excited about the future. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to John.
Mario Molina: Justin, we absolutely can you give an update and when you come on Thursday, we’ve got a nice schedule that will be going through the details where we stand on a state-by-state basis.
Mario Molina: The number is $135 million, Justin. We have discussed it before but we didn’t include the fourth quarter spend because we hadn’t done that yet.
Mario Molina: No. In fact for the full year, as talked about, medical margin increased and the MCR went down. So there was nothing unexpected for the fourth quarter.
Mario Molina: 4Q, for New Mexico, I think probably we had to do with just the influx of the new membership, Florida, I don’t know Joe could speak to that. I don’t think there was anything really unaligned in Florida.
Mario Molina: The answer to your question is both, Sarah. We did get rate increase in a couple of counties effective October 1. And then the California team has been doing a lot to bring down inpatient utilization and I think it’s ended up also now to the financials.
Mario Molina: Tom, I wouldn’t put it that way. I think that sort of the converse is true. There was a lot of money spent building infrastructure in preparation for all these new contracts and expansion. It had to be done in 2013. In part, it was driven by these readiness reviews where the states wanted to see that we were fully staffed for the new patients and that we were hurt by the fact that some of these things got delayed. So really it wasn’t a matter of our desire to put the costing of 2013, it just worked out that way.
Mario Molina: Yeah, Carl, this is Mario. I think that one of the things we're seeing is that the government's reporting huge numbers, people that are qualifying for Medicaid. The problem is getting them over to the Medicaid agency and enrolled and in many cases that means they have to go to a state or a county office. There has not been good electronic transfer of files from the marketplace to the state agencies. And I think that what we're seeing is a delay on the expansion. I expected we're going to see growth for Medicaid expansion throughout the first half of 2014, and I think that's the real issue here.
Mario Molina: I don't think that there's anything unusual in the MLR for Q4, we'd be discussing our expectations for the business on Thursday, I would just note that we talk about run rates, remember we're getting all kinds of new products and all kinds of new populations. So it's -- it maybe more challenging just to draw a straight trend line that way.
Mario Molina: Yeah. I don’t have that MLR handy but the impact would be about $7.5 million to the med margin line.
Mario Molina: So, Chris, we talked about this I think in the last Investor Day. There are two components of it. One is sort of the one-time fixed cost find the additional servers, gaining the configuration of the systems, those types of things. Then there was also for many states they are hiring a personnel that the state agencies wanted to see and placed before we get enrollment. Unfortunately, places like New Mexico and most to say especially South Carolina and Illinois things like delayed. So we have these bodies and program like California was another one, where the programs can’t get delayed but rather than let go very valuable employees we don’t wanted to expense. So there are two components to that spend.
Mario Molina: A pretty long and detail review of that at our last Investor Day, I would, just go back and take a look at that presentation.
Mario Molina: You’re asking us to compare us to our competitors and draw some inferences and we can’t do that. What we can say is how our own business is stacking up in Texas and Florida. I think that frankly, Joe, one of the reasons that Florida MCR went up in the fourth quarter is because we didn’t get the big book of business, the long-term care business which we booked at above 90% MCR. Small population with very large premiums and I think, Texas had a pretty good quarter. So again it just hard to compress to compare in terms of speed normalization against anyone else.
Mario Molina: Well, this is Mario. When you talk about Washington, the thing that strikes me as if you look at the PMPM medical cost for the quarter was about $203 in 2012 and it's about $204 in 2013. So the medical cost haven’t change that much. The real story I think in the Washington was the revenue difference, the PMPM revenues were down. So that I think is the issue at Washington.
Mario Molina: This is Mario. No, we don't expect any change to the mix of contractors in San Bernardino or San Diego counties. Three plans were added in Los Angeles, Caremore CareFirst and Molina, but we don't expect any other changes.
Mario Molina: This is Mario. You should take that as a change by Jeff Barlow who wanted some clarity. I think, we are trying to be more clear about what the risk is.
Mario Molina: No, we are not. But I think that we want to make that a general risk factor because it could happen in other states. We don’t have it on the horizon right now, but given that's happened in Washington, we just want to make people aware at different time-to-time states might do something like this.
Mario Molina: No, I think that really reflects the fact that there are new drugs available that were not available in the past. Also the recommendations for increased screening, we really don't know what the prevalence of hepatitis C is in the population and there have not been very effective treatments in the past. So this is an area that's evolving.
Mario Molina: I think it’s that plus the fact that the new screen recommendations. The prevalence of hepatitis c is really unknown and the CDC estimate is about 3 million. It was a study from UCLA that came out and says closer to 6 million and until we get more testing we won’t really know. But we will discuss that more on Thursday.
Mario Molina: Yeah. We don’t have duals there yet. So, I think it’s probably little early to extrapolate, especially given the small numbers that we have and we don't yet have the duals folded in yet.
Mario Molina: I don't think that there's anything in terms of the continuity of care that is not something that we haven’t already encountered in previous rollouts yeah.
Mario Molina: Okay. So, I’m assuming there are no further questions. And I just want to remind you all that we will be discussing guidance for 2014 and a number of other factors, which have been alluded to you today. And we hope to see you at the Investor Day, Thursday afternoon.
John Molina: Thank you, Mario, and hello, everyone. As Mario noted, we accomplished a lot this year even while we were establishing a solid foundation for our future growth. Today we reported full year earnings of $0.96 per diluted share on a GAAP basis or $3.13 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, a substantial improvement over the earnings of $0.27 per diluted share on a GAAP basis or a $1.72 per diluted share on adjusted basis reported for the comparable period for 2012. These results are consistent with our preannouncement on January 22nd. Total revenues grew by 11% when compared to 2012 reaching a record $6.6 billion. The revenue growth was driven primarily by increased enrollment and to a lesser extent through an increase in revenue per member per month. Enrollment in 2013 grew to 1.9 million increasing by approximately 134,000 members when compared to 2012. The enrollment gains came primarily from four states, California, Ohio, New Mexico and Wisconsin. In California and Ohio, we added new members as we expanded into new service areas. In New Mexico as Mario discussed, we assume the membership associated with another Health Plans Medicaid contract and in Wisconsin, we benefited from the exit of a local competitor. Growth in our aged, blind and disabled enrollment, coupled with growth in our Medicare Advantage plans, both of which come with higher premiums contributed to our growth in revenue per member per month. While clearly a first quarter 2014 event and the only piece of news associated with 2014 that we will discuss this afternoon, our consolidated enrollment in January grew to 2.1 million members, an increase of nearly 200,000 members in just one month. A large part of that enrollment gain is the result of our South Carolina health plan, which started serving members on January 1st. The remainder is new enrollment resulting from the expansion of the Medicaid program. The additional revenue associated with these members will help us leverage the administrative infrastructure we’ve been investing in. As Mario noted, we made substantial improvements to the margins of our base business in 2013. Other than in Illinois where operations commenced in September of 2013, medical margins improved in eight of our nine health plans last year. Consolidated medical margin increased by approximately 45% year-over-year. Consistent with the increase in medical margin, our medical care ratio declined to 87.1% in 2013, compared with 90% for the full year of 2012. As we have discussed before, the improvement in medical margins was partially offset by higher general and administrative expense. The need to prepare for enrollment growth associated with our South Carolina and New Mexico acquisitions, Florida and New Mexico long-term care programs, Medicaid expansion in six states, Duals Demonstration in five states and the entry into the marketplace in nine states required us to spend about $135 million during 2013 in G&A expenses, above and beyond G&A expenses associated with our base business. There was very little revenue in 2013 to offset this additional G&A expense. As a result of this necessary growth in expenses, general and administrative expenses grew to 10.1% of total revenue in 2013 from 8.8% in 2012. This higher G&A spend was the main reason why we guided to a breakeven fourth quarter when we announced third quarter results at the end of October. Absent the unfavorable premium adjustment in Washington that Mario announced at our appearance at the J.P. Morgan Conference on January 13th, fourth quarter results came in as we told you they would. As of December 31, 2013, the company had cash and investments of around $1.7 billion, including approximately $365 million at the parent. If you recall in February of 2013, we raised $550 million by issuing convertible debt. As we’ve discussed in the past, accounting for this type of debt requires the recording of non-cash charges. In 2013, non-cash charges associated with the amortization of convertible senior notes and lease financings were $0.31 per diluted share. This further validates our decision to present the adjusted EPS metric, which we believe better reflects how we manage our business. Finally as Mario emphasized, we will be hosting our Investor Day Conference in New York City this Thursday, February 13 at 12:30 p.m. At that time, we will be discussing our 2014 guidance as well as other business topics. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions.
John Molina: I think we’re seeing higher dollars per claim. It’s a pretty small population. So obviously they can do pretty easily.
John Molina: We have done an operating income number which we’ve shared. [We’ll give you an update] [ph] [inaudible].
John Molina: Yeah. So that was running about -- that was about $12 million for the quarter, Josh. So a little higher than normal. They’ve had a pretty good year as a result of upsells and that kind of item.
Joseph White: I think - it’s Joe speaking. I think in line with our expectation, ex the impact of that Washington issue, Mario discussed at JPM.
Joseph White: We’ve had some -- we’ve had some in-patient cost pressure in Florida. We think mainly [high to unusual] [ph] number of high [dollar case] [ph], there’s nothing out of the ordinary -- nothing exceptional though.
Joseph White: I will just speak to -- certainly this is Joe speaking Sarah. I speak to certainly there are always some degree of cost pressure bringing on a new population. We have also gone a couple of years there with actually some [inaudible] small rate increases but actually a few negative rate increases -- decreases I guess that would be. So I think we are definitively feeling compared then the past I think we are feeling a little bit more cost pressure than we have in New Mexico in the past.
Joseph White: They have been moving around a lot there. There was a -- generally they traditionally been set, July 1st. I think there was a further adjustment 12/01 of 2012 as a matter of fact, but I think the last two July 1s have been slight decreases.
Joseph White: All right. Tom, it’s Joe again. Just let me say something speaky as Chief Accounting Officer, we put the expenses and the revenues where they belong not where we likened to be. So let me just clarify that, your question about the convert is $0.90 for the three months in to 12/31. Remember we did that in February so your full year is going to be -- your fourth quarter run rate is going to be little different than your full year.
Joseph White: It's Joe speaking. I just think it's too early. We received our first membership in September and that was only, I think, less than 100 members, it's been ramping up very slowly. If anything, we've been a little disappointed at the rate at which the membership has come on. But right now the population is just too small to speak to that.
Joseph White: Sure, it's Joe, I'll speak to that. First of all, the non-risk payable it is essentially the payments with states have beginning to forward to us for disbursements to providers based upon what's [called] it, A, the Affordable Care Act, PCP Parity requirements. You'll recall the Affordable Care Act requires that physicians be paid at Medicaid -- physicians performing Medicaid or Medicaid services be paid at Medicare rates for certain services. And for the most part states are handling that via a discrete payment to us which we then forward on to our own providers. So what's you're saying is like a pass -- are pass-through dollars.
Joseph White: Correct, it's purely a non-risk relationship, we are just a conduit for healthy, states are reimbursing providers at Medicare PCP rates. The second issue is direct delivery, we've had a ramp up throughout this year in direct delivery activity, and Mario, John, and Terry can speak more to that, essentially I think this part of our strategy to get closer to the patient and provide a specific care our members needed. We've also entered into some other provider arrangements following that direct delivery area which are driving that cost higher.
Joseph White: We have talked though welcome-mat effect being somewhere between 5% and 10%, I think is what we said and until we see something otherwise that’s where we are going to stay with.
Joseph White: I would say what we have talked about is absent the welcome-mat effect, enrollment would be 5% to 10% less than what it is with the welcome-mat effect.
Joseph White: No, that’s specifically G&A. I think, we talked last time about some substantial advertising expenditure that we are going to make in the fourth quarter. We made those. It’s a variety of buyers. But -- I would say the increase we’re talking about is all revenue for which we, I mean, expense for which we haven’t seen directly yet.
Joseph White: Dave, woke up there for a second. I got the point, I think you were looking at Washington and adjusting for $7.5 million revenue, I lost you after that, sorry.
Joseph White: I think, if you’re comparing over the fourth quarter of 2014 -- 2012, you have to look to about $30 million of favorable prior period development in the fourth quarter as we called out in Texas. So again if you are comparing the fourth quarter of 2012, it was $30 million of favorable PPD in Texas. I think beyond that I think, what we’re seeing in fourth quarter is essentially seasonality and that's about it and long ways, they are growing slight impact from Illinois in Florida.
Anna Gupte - Leerink Swann: So, I shouldn’t, is that (inaudible). So just at the quarterly progression, it seems like it was very slower.
Anna Gupte - Leerink Swann: Yes, so just in terms of normalizing the medical margin, say, in some of the states. It sound like in terms of the speed to normalization, Molina was slower. And I guess the rate adjustments are probably accruing at the same times. And I’m just wondering if I should read anything into that or is it just a way of reporting because the stat filings can be misleading sometime so.
Anna Gupte - Leerink Swann: Okay. We know what else is offline now, just shared with the Joe and to see if get some feedback there. Thanks.
