Joseph Mario Molina: Well, this is Mario. We mentioned that we will see an uptick in costs related to the open enrollment period around marketing, advertising, broker commissions.
Joseph Mario Molina: Hi. This is Mario. We are expanding in a number of counties but staying within our existing states. So we're expanding in Washington, we're expanding in Florida, and we're expanding in California.
Joseph Mario Molina: So this is Mario. This really we believe is the flaw in the methodology. It's not consistent with the stated intention of risk adjustment, as published in the Federal Register. I'm not sure what the other plans are seeing, but I think that this is a generalized phenomenon regardless of the plans. And we made our comments to CMS in a comment letter that was submitted October 6.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. No. We believe that was a positive change. Again, getting back to our comments today, the risk adjustment should be a reflection of the health status of the members. And we think that including pharmacy data is definitely a step in the right direction. Nevertheless, we think the underlying methodology is still flawed and needs to be corrected. This needs to really reflect health risk assessment and not total premium cost.
Joseph Mario Molina: Hi. This is Mario. I think that if you look at Medicare and managed care, it is where Medicaid was a number of years ago. And we think the experience that we've had with Medicaid and with marketplace and with growing our brand and building out our networks will help us compete for Medicare Advantage patients and to grow our Medicare business.
John C. Molina, JD: This is John, A.J. No. We didn't price any changes to the risk-adjustment methodology into 2017. It's a combination of price increases and better medical management.
John C. Molina, JD: It really is along the lines of the four items that I've pointed out, which is attrition, higher cost for the SEP, people running out of their risk sharing and their out-of-pocket costs, and then increasing utilization as people become more familiar with our networks and seek care. It's not widespread. We are in the marketplace in a number of states and we have very good results in a number of those states. And for this quarter, we were hit with an adjustment to our risk adjustment liability of about $30 million that came from a catch-up, so to speak, as we get more information in from the outside actuaries. But I would say that we have a couple of markets that aren't doing well and we have a number of markets that are doing better.
John C. Molina, JD: That is correct. It is primarily the risk-adjustment methodology. About 20% of that relates to non-medical costs. So you exclude that, and the marketplace for us is great. It's pretty good now, but it gets great at that point. But it's not the morbidity is worse than we thought.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking, Dave. No, I think what's happening in Florida is tied to the marketplace, but I would associate it more with risk adjustment than I would factors that we were anticipating that played out that John listed.
Joseph W. White: Hey, Ana. It's Joe speaking. Yes, there was a deterioration in Texas sequentially, but remember we had that big out-of-period quality pickup revenue...
Joseph W. White: ...last quarter. So, that's a little bit – more than a little bit distorted. Again, as John said, we feel real good about Texas and Ohio. We feel real good about a lot of our health plans right now. But I think the Texas and Ohio numbers for the third quarter of this year are pretty representative.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. There's a little bit more disclosure about South Carolina in our 10-Q, but I'll save you the trouble of looking that up. South Carolina has had some pretty hefty rate increases over the last 12 months, but there have been benefit expansions that went to that. So we expected to see some tightening of margins in South Carolina that would probably take us above the MLR floor of 86% under normal circumstances. And that's okay. That health plan ran at a very low MCR for quite a while and it was running at MCRs that we don't expect to maintain long-term. But, in summary, it's more of a benefit premium issue than it is an MLR floor issue.
