Joe Zubretsky: Sure, A.J. With respect to the Medicare MLR question, we have three components of medical costs that ran higher than expectations. One was LTSS hours on the Medicaid side of the MMP business. Second, high-cost drugs. And third, supplemental benefits, vision, dental, cash card, over the counter was a little too richly designed in 2023 to be honest. We pulled back on those benefits in our 2024 product design and bids. We reshaped some of the allowance-based benefits to be more managed, and we're confident that that cost category will come back into line. On LTSS hours on the Medicaid side of the MMP benefit, we know where, we know why, and those corrective actions are in place. And it's not unusual in a soft economy for in-home service hours to increase. So we are very confident in the restoration of our MCRs back to the top end of the range in Medicare to 88% in 2024. You also asked about the Medicaid MLR. And let me frame it this way, and then I'll turn it to Mark. The re-determination process actually unfolded exactly as we had planned and as we had predicted. The acuity shift was noticeable, but it was -- it wasn't dramatic and it wasn't significant, but it was noticeable. And that began to happen as the redetermination process began. We then said, and it occurred, that the first financial cushion would be the corridors, the payments into the corridors that existed in the latter half of 2023. That acted as a financial buffer. In the meantime, as the acuity shift became noticeable to our state partners, they began to introduce rate adjustments to account for the acuity shift. So going into 2024, the rate actions completely compensated for what we call [poor] (ph) medical trend, completely compensated for any acuity shift, and that's why we're able to print an MCR in Medicaid at the high end of the range at 89%, which includes a little bit of pressure from the new business that we put on the books.
Joe Zubretsky: Our strategy in marketplace until we were satisfied that the risk pool was stabilized is to keep it as we say small, silver, and stable. But as the risk pool has stabilized, irrational pricing has pretty much left the market. We will allocate more capital to this business and we'll grow it at a rate that allows us to earn mid to high single-digit margins. That's the key for us. The risk pool can have inherent volatility and we believe that a margin target of 5% to 7% as you suggested is the right target margin and we will grow the business at a rate that allows us to achieve that target margin. We're very competitively positioned this year. We are in our silver product. We were number one and two in 30% of our counties this year as compared to 20% last year. 75% of the book is still silver. 50% of the book is renewal, which gives us good insight to capture appropriate risk scoring. The book is very well positioned to grow. 31% membership growth, 17% revenue growth just this year, and hopefully we'll be able to grow it at this rate in the future, all with the goal of achieving mid to high single-digit margins.
Joe Zubretsky: And that's the important point. The important point here, first of all, the first year losses were fully contemplated in the value we paid. So there was no surprise there. The business is running at a 92% MCR and a 14% G&A ratio. We plan to get the 92% down to 88% to 89% and the 14% down to 9% to 10%. So half to two thirds of the turn is G&A related and we have very, very clear line of sight to how to take their cost burden down from 14% to 9% or 10% where it should be. That dollar of accretion is expected to emerge in the third full year of ownership. First year protected by -- mostly protected by a PDR. Second year, breakeven to probably slightly profitable. Full dollar of accretion in the third full year of ownership. Getting the MCR from 92% down to 88% or 89%, getting the 14% G&A ratio down to 9% or 10%.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, sure. And we appreciate your sensitivity to the situation. Yeah, we observe the sanctity of all these bidding processes, including the ITN process, so we can't comment specifically on it. But look, as we -- yet we run a nice business in Florida. It's smaller than it used to be to regions. We used to be statewide back in 2017. It runs really well. We're the only four-star plant in Florida. And the same team that works on all our successful bids, our $12 billion of re-procured revenue and our $7 billion of new contract wins, that is the same team that worked on this. So we go into it with a great deal of confidence and we would hope to expand our footprint in Florida. There's $14 billion of Medicaid revenue in Florida regions where we are not currently represented. But let's see how the process plays out and hopefully something will be announced, awards will be announced sometime later this spring.
Joe Zubretsky: I'm not quite sure I've captured the essence of your question, but we are forecasting a 78% MCR for the year, which is at the low end of our long-term target range, which means we'll be operating high single-digit margins, certainly not the 10% pre-tax we achieved in 2023. But look, if you grow the book more aggressively, more of your members are going to be new to the book. And so you have to -- in our view, you have to strike a balance about how fast you're going to grow it and how many new members you want. Every new member that comes in, you need to find risk adjustment. If they come in during SEP, if they're chronic, you better find risk adjustment quickly or they won't get the profitability in the near term. So there's a -- very much a balance between what you get in annual enrollment, what you pick up in SEP, and how one thinks about how fast do I grow the book to achieve mid-single-digit margins when the maturity of the membership and the duration of the membership is pretty important to the stability of the risk pool. You have to balance those two factors.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Scott. I mean, on balance, our view is the same view that you've heard from others, is that the advance notice does not appear to be adequate to compensate for trends that we're all observing. I think in our book, if you take the CMS advance notice and project it to our book, I think we're projecting about a 50 basis point, 0.5 point of rate increase, which we believe is, along with others, is insufficient, and we'll see where the final notice comes out. It usually comes out, as you know, better than that. But our view is not any different from anybody else's.
Joe Zubretsky: But I would say that we're not anticipating in any analysis when completed on rates that would move us off of achieving the $1 accretion in the third full year of ownership. We're pretty confident in that trajectory.
Mark Keim: Joe summarized that well. Look, we finished 88.7% in 2023 for Medicaid. And as Joe mentioned, that included a little bit of pressure from the acuity shift from redet, but also as we projected the benefit of some corridors. So really tracking exactly where we expect it. Here in the new year on our legacy book, trend roughly equals the rates that we're getting from our state partners. So on our legacy book into ‘24, we're roughly seeing about a flat MLR versus where we finished 2023. Now, why are we at an 89% in guidance? Just as Joe mentioned, we're adding significant new store business through both our acquisitions and a number of big wins. Whenever we have new store go into our portfolio, it tends to be a little bit hotter in the first year on an MLR. So we're seeing a pretty much flat carryover on legacy, a little bit of increased pressure on new store. That's how you get to that 89% that we have in our guidance.
Mark Keim: Yeah, fantastic. Good morning, Kevin. So Bright comes to us with a PDR in place. With that PDR, the benefit goes into the MLR line and effectively reduces the MLR. So on the bright component, which is a third of our book, you'll see an MLR that's below our target range at the moment. On the DSNP, which is another third of our business, we're seeing a trend of probably around 4%. But overall, we're able to offset that and pull that into our target range. And of course, on MMP, which is the third component of the book, the rates that we're getting from our state and CMS partners, we feel are quite adequate to bring us all told to that ADA in our MLR guidance.
Mark Keim: Yeah, in the past, when we picked up SEP members, they put a little pressure on our MLR. What we're seeing in the third and fourth quarter in ‘23, and what I expect into ‘24 is they'll come over at more sustaining and normalized levels. That is, they won't put pressure on, because they're coming off normal using services. There's not pent-up demand. They're not new to the product. So I'm expecting to see a good pickup on SEP, as we did in Q3 and Q4, and not pressure on the MLR.
Mark Keim: So a couple of things, and good morning, Josh. Our metallic mix has remained unchanged. So what you're seeing in Marketplace is not at all metallic or mix related. That's state footprint related. As you know, we're in 14 states, and our mix among the states, as we're more competitive in some, maybe not so much in others, our mix does shift a little bit. So that'd be the driver there. On Bright, on the PDR, with the PDR that was booked before we bought the business, that benefits the MLR and pulls it down to a level that's actually a little bit below our target range. Now remember, our target range is largely DSNP and MMP because that's our legacy Medicare book. On the bright with the PDR in the MLR line, it does pull it down a little bit below our target range.
Mark Keim: It's a good question and thanks for raising that. I knew we were going to get that sooner or later. So with the PDR, as you know, the PDR should largely normalize expected operating losses on a contract year. PDR accounting doesn't allow you to put all of the losses into the PDR. There are certain accounting matters that are still held out. So even with the PDR, I'll have a very small operating loss, Josh. But the other thing is when we talk about embedded earnings, we always include the carrying costs. The embedded earnings are essentially fully capitalized or fully funded for their carrying costs. So when I say I have about $0.50 of dilution this year, it's about half operating costs that aren't covered by the PDR and about half carrying costs. Remember we paid about a half billion. The opportunity cost or interest on that is maybe the other half of the $0.50. So as a result, I'm carrying a $0.50 hole in this year's EPS bridge. Since that's a $0.50 hole, I said I'd have $1 of ultimate benefit from this property. The dollar now goes to $1.50 because I'm going to crawl out of that hole over the next couple of years.
Mark Keim: The PDR books all of the losses. It picks up a little bit of the G&A losses, with the medical cost losses, and books them into the medical cost line. So to the extent that there were some G&A items, it'll get picked up in the MLR line. It's just an accounting convention where the net of losses get picked up in one line item or the other.
Mark Keim: No, I think that's exactly right. As we look at the rates and the trend being roughly equal, our legacy book pretty much holds flat. As you know, we're bringing in a bunch of additional new business that puts a little more pressure in the first year, which rounds us out at the 89% that we have in guidance.
Mark Keim: Yeah, absolutely. Nathan, and good morning. Yeah, you got it right. We're normally 55-45 on the front half versus the second half of the year. I'd almost flip that around this year because the dynamics are a little bit different. One, we put on a lot of new business this year. As you can see in our revenue bridge, we got $5.7 billion of new revenue coming into the company, which always comes in just a little bit warmer in the first year, but in the first quarters in particular. So I'm expecting to get some momentum on MLRs in Medicaid and Medicare as we kind of grow into our new footprint there. So that'll change the dynamic a little bit. The other thing is, and I think Joe touched on this, very often, Marketplace has attrition throughout the year such that Marketplace declines during the year. This year is a little bit different. With all the members rolling off on redet and us expecting to pick up our fair share of them in Marketplace as they convert, we'll see a growing book in Marketplace. And as you know, we've got some confidence on the margins given that we really prioritize margin over volume in Marketplace. So for those two reasons, you're going to see a little bit more of a back-end loaded EPS trajectory this year. I think that should address your question.
Mark Keim: Sure. And I think, Sarah, it's important, as Joe mentioned, when we talk about Medicare, it's in fact three things. Your probably question is most aimed at the DSNP, or high acuity component of our Medicare, which is a third of the book. Obviously, it's less relevant to MMP. On the two things you mentioned, on the two midnight rule, I've seen a little bit of buzz about that lately, and we're a little bit surprised because it's certainly not new. And many of us have factored this in for quite some time. And what I always remind folks is even though there's a two midnight rule, providers still have to prove medical necessity, so there's really not a big window there for a change in trend or a change in risk adjustment issues as we can see it. On V28, it's got some interesting dynamics. It is certainly a drag in many places for folks, but there's an interesting dynamic around V28 and high acuity. On single-chronic, people use the example of diabetes, where there's diabetes, but there's some other conditions that kind of correlate or are highly associated with diabetes. V28 will be a reduction on risk adjustment for those kind of situations. But when there's polychronics where there's different comorbidities that are in fact quite different than each other, V28 is actually helpful. And in our high acuity chronic book, we actually have many of those polychronics. So we don't quite see the same dynamic that maybe some of the other folks do out there.
Mark Keim: Yeah, look, as Joe has been very clear, we're prioritizing margin over volume in this business, and the way we do that is we keep it silver, which we believe is the best product for both the member and the payor. But we keep it stable, which means we continue to have really good renewals. As we look at our pricing objectives here, we're putting price into the market to make sure that we can defend reasonable margins here. We did concede a little bit of margin in our pricing for 2024 just because we were well below our target range. Remember our target range is 78% to 80% and we printed something a little bit south of that in ‘23. So there's no reason to leave volume on the table if we can put a little bit of price back, drive some volume and still hit our margin targets. Hope that helps.
Mark Keim: Yeah. So on PDP, as you know, we don't price a PDP product and the IRA or the Inflation Reduction Act, as you're pointing out, is certainly a headwind for that sector, but that's not too relevant to our business, George.
Mark Keim: Yeah, just to build on that, and a lot of this data is in the public domain at this point. On the effective benchmark rates in the advance notice and then risk or normalization, most folks are seeing across the entire market, the net of those at about zero, right? As Joe mentioned, we see a net of about a positive 50 bps. So we're a little bit better on the benchmark rate, and we're a little bit not so bad on the risk score normalization for some reasons I alluded to earlier. So we're seeing about a 50 BP benefit there, and obviously the rest of STARS impact and what ultimately everyone does with risk scores has yet to play out. But that's our initial point on the legacy book.
Mark Keim: We're still working our way through that. There will be a couple things going on there. As I mentioned earlier, we're six weeks into owning it. We're working through those issues with the team there. There will also be a bunch of dynamics that happen this year. There are actually two entities there. One is Community Health Plan, and the other one, Brand New Day. There will be some issues between them on exactly how we balance the effects of all this between those two entities. So a little bit of work there and not ready to comment on that one.
