Mario Molina: Thank you, Juan José. Hello, everyone and thanks for joining our discussion. I have just a few comments today, but I’ll turn the call over to John who will delve into our financials in greater detail. I’m pleased to report that 2014 was a year of continued success in delivering on our strategic objectives. When compared with 2013, our revenue grew by almost 50%, our enrollment increased 36%. We expanded our geographic footprint to new markets in South Carolina and Florida. And we achieved greater economies of scale as evidenced by the consistent decline in our administrative cost ratio throughout the year. Two years ago, at our Winner Investor Day, we shared with investors our plan to nearly double the size of the company by the end of 2015. Our milestones, for the quarter and the year confirmed that we have made considerable progress towards that end but more importantly that our goal is now clearly within our reach. Last month I had the opportunity to meet with many of our investors at the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference in San Francisco, to talk about the company and our strategy. As I shared in my presentation, the revenue and enrollment momentum that we generated throughout 2014 has carried forward into the first quarter of 2015. In January alone, our enrollment grew by nearly 200,000 members led by new marketplace and Medicaid expansion lives. While the actual enrollment gains in our dual-eligible plans have been overshadowed by the gains in our marketplace and Medicaid expansion plans. Let me remind everyone that the revenue impact of one dual-eligible member is comparable to adding almost five Medicaid expansion members or 10 traditional TANF members. The continued addition of members with dual and long-term services and supports benefits shifts our focus towards more chronic, home-health and long-term care services for these members, and away from nor episodic and acute medical conditions we have seen in our TANF members. Several years ago, I introduced a chart that nicely illustrated the market segmentation of our business in the form of a pyramid. Today I want to remind all of you that this chart is still applicable as much today as when it was first presented. While our mothers and children continue to form the foundation of our membership base, we have continued to move towards a more complex care by adding more elderly and disabled members that now include the duals and long-term care beneficiaries. The implementation of our duals and standalone long-term care contracts will allow us to continue to evolve our model of care for members with chronic medical conditions. While at the same time, refining our operational processes for the duals contracts in Michigan and Texas. As in aside, our duals contract in South Carolina became operational this month with voluntary enrollment. As I discussed last month during the conference, we continue to expect 2015 to look a lot like 2014. In 2014, we experienced rapid membership and revenue growth requiring the assimilation of new members across all lines of business. And we expect much or the same this year. While this growth may come with the usual set of growing pains, as we have seen in 2014, it adds tremendous opportunity for us to greatly expand our business. Harnessing this unprecedented growth is a key area of focus for us in the near future. We’re very excited about the growth that we have seen this past year and with our successes in lowering the percentage of revenue spent on administrative cost. Staying true to the mission of our company and their values has allowed us to navigate through this exciting time. And we are looking forward to 2015 and to what the future holds for the company. I would now like to turn the call over to John.
Mario Molina: No. This is Mario. My understanding is that they have submitted something to CMS and they’re waiting approval.
Mario Molina: So, this is Mario, I just want to kind of reemphasize what Joe said. This has been a lumpy year because of a lot of timing issues, things like the ACAPs and so forth. New programs coming in, some rate adjustments here and there, retroactive membership, it’s been added to the plan. So, it’s very difficult to do much with the quarter but I think that to Joe’s point, look at the year-end results. And that gives you a pretty fair picture, smooth out of what the year look like.
Mario Molina: Yes, I mean, clearly there are some things like the ACAP reimbursement that hurt us this year that was really outside of our control. If you look at the medical care ratio, it’s about what we thought I was going to come in at when we gave guidance last year.
Mario Molina: We brought over 63,000 members in the Jacksonville area, it was an asset purchase in terms of the revenue accretion and it’s probably it’s not material at this point.
Mario Molina: Kevin that is a great question and we actually have a slide on that. We’ll be talking about that on Thursday.
Mario Molina: Okay. Well, Brian let me speak to, yes, we have a line on our balance sheet for the amount payable back to the states about $527,000 is payable back to the states for various issues. About $390,000 or $400,000 of that relates to Washington, California and New Mexico combined.
Mario Molina: This is Mario. I just want to put in the plug for medical management as well. I mean it’s not simply a passive issue about getting your rate increase. The management team in California did a good job as well of trying to improve the performance of the plan they deserve credit too.
Mario Molina: Sure. So, on the flu season, I think it’s been a moderate increase from last year so 2014 a little bit higher than 2013 but not a lot. And on Hepatitis C, as you know we have been able to reach accommodation with many of our states on some sort of reimbursement mechanism, so that’s mitigated a lot of the risk that we face on the Hepatitis C front. And the current Hepatitis C utilizations included in our numbers for the quarter.
Mario Molina: Yes. My thoughts were more on the MCR level. I think we’ve laid it out Tom. I think if you add back in the health insurer fee and a good chunk of the Texas quality revenue that’s where you get. I would just caution everybody that we’re going to be talking again about 2015 on Thursday. So things can change in the course of the year.
Mario Molina: So, Tom, this is Mario. This is a very complex calculation. And it depends not only on our performance but our performance relative to our peers. So even if we know how we’re doing on some of these measures, it’s very difficult for us to be able to recognize the revenue because we don’t know where we stand in relation to everyone else. That’s one of the problems with these new measures that Texas has come up with. If you look at some of the measures we had from 2013, we did not settle that until December of 2014. So, it could take a while before we get clarity on the Texas performance measure that’s still outstanding.
Mario Molina: We’re just going to be talking about tax rates in New York on Thursday but not to steal this thunder. But in general, remember with a large non-deductible, expenses we have, to the extent pre-tax income increases, you’re going to have a decrease in your effective tax rate which is what happened this quarter.
Mario Molina: So, you are correct. It would be a little lower than some, it would be lower than some people might have expected.
Mario Molina: So, let me just also add to what Terry said, this is Mario. We have been doing Medicare D-SNPs now for nine years. We have experienced with many of these benefits in places like California, Texas and Florida. So, I think we’re very well positioned to deal with these issues going forward. And I think that we do have the appropriate staff and experience. I think our experience with the D-SNPs has been invaluable and will really help us as we try to combine the Medicaid long-term services with the Medicare program of these combined contracts. So I think I’m pretty confident that we can do this and I think that we’re really well positioned for it.
Mario Molina: Well, we told everyone at the beginning of the year that we thought it was going to run about 50%. And it’s been doing that, of course it varies a little bit from one geographic region to another. It depends on things like networks. Remember if you’ve got a dual eligible beneficiary who is seeing five or six specialists, all you need is the one specialist to say I’m not in the network, don’t stay in that health plan. So, that’s I think part of what contributes to this, part of its network. The other thing is frankly, the way these things are rolled out, there is a lot of confusion for the beneficiaries. And some of these people dis-enroll before they even find out what the program is all about. I think that to the extent that we have a longer voluntary enrollment period and more of an ability to explain to the members the benefits of the program, as we’ve done with the D-SNPs in the past, people will sign-up, I think they will see it’s beneficial to them. But it’s going to take a while and I think some of the people that are opting out now may come around and rejoin us in the future because we will still be responsible for their long-term care services.
Mario Molina: So, it probably doesn’t need to be said but we’re looking forward to seeing you all on Thursday where we’re going to provide guidance and talk about our strategy and outlook for 2015. See you then.
Joe White: Hi Sarah, it’s Joe speaking. As with any quarter we have and I could discuss with you four hours, a whole pile of one-time out-of-period adjustments favorable and unfavorable. I think really other than the pick-up from the ACA health insurer fee in Texas and New Mexico, I would say that the pluses and minuses kind of evened out this quarter. Texas quality revenue continues to remain a headwind. And I think we spoke about that. There is about $19 million or $20 million of that potentially still left on the table that we might be able to realize in 2015, if we get information from the state. And that information indicates we’ve earned the quality revenue. Again, there is a lot of step back and forth, New Mexico for example is a state. It’s a state with considerable activity this quarter and this year in terms of retroactive enrollment, adjustments to reserves. I’d say the same thing about Florida in the second half of the year as a result of revenue increases that are going to come in retro to September 1, 2014 that we were able to recognize. So, you’ve seen some out-of-period stuff reflected in those states. And I think it’s meaningful. But in general, I think you can just look at it in terms of the health insurer fees being the one item.
Joe White: It’s Joe speaking again, Chris. I don’t think we’ve seen anything drastically changed about New Mexico. Obviously we’ll talk about that more on Thursday at Investor Day. I would say though that despite what the recorded numbers are showing you, I don’t think there has been deterioration in New Mexico or Florida this quarter. And there is like just a huge amount of retroactivity with membership and other issues in New Mexico. So, I think what we said last quarter it pretty much stands.
Joe White: Josh, its Joe again. The other $5.5 million is essentially revenue we don’t think we’re going to be able to recognize related to 2014.
Joe White: It’s Joe speaking. I think it’s, I mean, all-in Josh, I would kind of look to, I would kind of look to what we reported for the full year. That’s all-in, that I think says what our year is pretty well once you smooth everything out I wouldn’t look to a quarter. But I think the full year rate of 89.5% is, that’s our run rate for 2014.
Joe White: I would say Josh that’s reflective of what 2014 underlying earnings are. We’re going to speak more to 2015 on Thursday.
Joe White: It’s Joe speaking. If you look at the Florida standalone results for the quarter, yes. Because when we do, when acquisition of that especially in December, the way we book reserves it’s going to be a factor and pushing up the fourth quarter Florida MLR but not consolidated.
Joe White: I can’t speak to that but I would just say that given everything that’s happened in Florida this quarter back in New York in September, I said Florida was probably going to run in the low 90s, and I’m standing by that prediction.
Joe White: Brian much more in New Mexico, New Mexico has been having retro revenue - I’m sorry retro enrollment additions all year.
Joe White: As far as I know yes, I think it’s just a matter of the state. And everybody in New Mexico has been working hard to get members on so they can get care. And that rolled out during the year and some people were enrolled retro.
Joe White: So, our understanding that the RFP was released today. And so anytime an RFP is released we evaluate whether we want to proceed.
Joe White: Yes, that’s correct Chris. And there was a rate increase in Florida, back in September ’01 just as a result of timing of communication of that and signing of the paperwork and everything. We weren’t able to recognize any of that increase in 2014. So that’s one reason of why the fourth quarter had such a high MLR. So, there is a definitive delay and revenue recognition in Florida that’s hurting the quarter.
Joe White: I don’t have that specifically Chris but I think if we have APU combine that with the impact of the way we book the acquisition, you definitely push down below 95%.
Joe White: Ana, you said the word outlook. So, we’re going to get into all of the admin. Remember, we’re going to be bringing on in Puerto Rico and some other of the duals contracts in 2015. So, we’ll go through the whole admin discussion on Thursday.
Joe White: I mean, I would say in general they weren’t substantial. When we were in New York, we expected G&A back in January, we said G&A would run about 7.5% on the fourth quarter it’s a hair below that. But year-to-date we’re right basically where we said we’d be. I wouldn’t, we continue to make good progress on the G&A front but I don’t think there is something, there is huge upside out there beyond what we’ve already talked to you about.
Joe White: It’s Joe speaking. I would think that over time that DCP number is going to come down. Right now obviously we still have a lot of business, it’s starting. Any claims that we’re associated with the Florida acquisition, very few of those were paid in December because we just started. So I think, I think over time you’ll see us work our inventories down which will in-turn reduce the days and claims payable as a byproduct of that. I don’t know when that’s going to happen because we got some growth in front of us next year. But I think in general, as we look out over a couple of years that number will come down.
Joe White: Tom, Tom, Tom, nice try. But that’s you’re asking us to confirm something that we’re going to talk about on Thursday.
Joe White: If we had insight into that we’d record the revenue or tell you can, we would have recorded the revenue. So right now, we just know enough.
Joe White: It’s Joe speaking. First of all we’re not saying anything about what we expect to receive or not receive what we expect to earn next quarter. All we’re saying is that of the $25 million of Texas quality revenue related to 2014, $20 million of that was not recognized because we do not yet have the appropriate metrics from the state to assess our compliance. As far as the actual number, the amount recognized in fourth quarter dropping, that’s because we realized that $5 million was not going to be recognized as a result of some hiatus measures we didn’t hit. So, again I just want to emphasize, we don’t have visibility right now right now into how that $20 million is going to play out in terms of whether we’d be able to recognize it or not. Right now it’s unrecognized. And we’ll recognize it if we indeed earn the revenue.
Joe White: Off the top of my head, I can’t tell you that. But I know that most of our States’ grafts almost all of them have done something to mitigate the Hepatitis C and starting a variety of different mechanisms. So it’s kind of, it’s very complicated. But we do have a fair amount of protection on mitigation, not entirely. And clearly we don’t have that for the Medicare business on the Part B side. But there are other issues with Medicare Part B. So, I’m feeling pretty good about it now, much better than I did this time last year when we thought this was potentially a budget buster for us, having said that, it’s still a big issue for the states. And whether they are reimbursing us or paying for fee-for-service, this is something that’s going to put a drag on state Medicaid budgets in the future.
Joe White: So again, when we get into guidance on Thursday, what you’re going to see is that 2014 and 2015 are going to be very similar. And this is another year of growth for us, picked up a lot of members in January and February through the marketplace. And we continue to see growth in Medicaid. We have the Puerto Rico contract coming in. And we have some duals contracts that are rolling in so, again, another year of a lot of growth in revenue and membership.
Joe White: It’s Joe speaking that’s correct. The amounts were fairly small. But I think there was $300,000 or $400,000 it just got cleaned up in late 2014 related to 2013. I think Mario’s point was there is an extraordinary. There can be an extraordinary tail on the determination of these metrics. They’re extraordinarily complex in their calculation and require time for them to develop. So while it’s not, that specific item wasn’t financially significant. It does indicate again the tail we have on some of this revenue which really far sees what we even have on claims liability.
John Molina: Yes, Sarah, this is John. This is why we always caution everyone against trying to take a quarter and extrapolate future run rates. That’s why we rather look at a longer period of time, one or two years as opposed to one or two quarters.
John Molina: Josh, we’re going to talk more about that on Thursday. But California is making progress albeit slow. So there is a light at the end of the tunnel and there is another train coming our way.
John Molina: This is John. It changes every year because the State of Texas changes, the T for P metrics. So, this year, on the metrics that we got visibility on, we think that we’re not going to achieve 100% compliance. So we think that’s going to result in $5 million get-back. In 2015 it may be different depending on what the measures are on our performance.
John Molina: Yes, actually there was, I want to say in 2013, there was $4 million or $5 million we were unable to recognize too. So in that regard, it’s been consistent.
John Molina: I think California is a real good illustration that we can carry on to places like Florida and New Mexico and Washington. California recognized that it has under-priced specifically the ABD population. And over a period of about two to three years they raised that rate. And as we grew the business, grew profitably. So, again I think that over the next several years when we’re working with other states on the base rates because the lack of rate increases over a period of time can squeeze margins.
