John C. Molina: That's a great question, Justin. So these are related to claims dating back to 2012 that were adjudicated, and so we thought that they were put to bed, so to speak. But providers appealed, and due to some operational issues that we had discovered this year relating back to 2012, we ended up paying additional monies out and then reserving for the final cleanup. I would say that this quarter finally puts to bed the operational issues that we suffered in Texas, beginning in February of 2012. And I think most importantly, as Terry has talked about, we've turned over a lot of the management in Texas, and they're much more confident that the operational issues in Texas are behind us.
John C. Molina: Yes, I don't think we can quantify it for you simply because most of the states have not addressed the issue. So when we say that we lack certainty, it is not because the states have said they're not going to reimburse this for us, it's just that they are silent. Many of the states have told us they're waiting for instructions from CMS. I believe that Michigan is the only state that has affirmatively stated that they intend to reimburse us for it.
John C. Molina: Sure, Justin. This is John. In terms of the revenue growth over the next 2 years, we're sticking with our $12.5 billion number.
John C. Molina: You know, we're not going to split out, Josh, how much relates to this product or that product. In some respects, there is spillover, right? So as people go to the websites and think that they may be eligible for a marketplace product, find that they're eligible for Medicaid. Then, how do we differentiate the cost for that? What we do is we look at when we anticipate the enrollment's going to be, make sure we're staffed up to handle that enrollment and let the numbers follow.
John C. Molina: Because unlike some of the other plans, we were -- are trying to maximize the Medicaid, the welcome mat, which were -- as Mario talked about, reports are that those seem to be the biggest initial pushes for people, and we want to make sure that people continue to try and sign up. Whether it's through the websites or calling our call centers and getting navigators, getting the paper applications in, we feel that we can't let the issue die.
John C. Molina: Sarah, this is John. To the extent that our margin for the California plan falls below 3.25%, for whatever reason, the new settlement would kick in. We do continue to believe that the rates are set too low for the benefits and the utilization and that the ABD members in California are yenning. We continue to share that data with the state, and I believe that the next rate cycle, the state will actually utilize health plan data as opposed to fee-for-service data trended forward. So we are hoping that, that will be reflected in rates come next year.
John C. Molina: It would fall -- this is John -- it would fall into the settlement agreement. The reason that it steps down Year 2 is because the premise is that the settlement is to make up for prior years where the rates were not adequate. So implicit in that is the state is going to continue to work to make sure the rates are more adequate in the future. The closer they get to getting the absolute right rate, the less we will need it, so the less that they're going to fund that differential.
John C. Molina: You now probably say so -- as Joe -- or I mean, as I mentioned, $30 million was the differential between third quarter of this year, third quarter of last year. I think another probably 25% is going to go to the new contracts on top of that. Plus, then you got to layer in the increased advertising and outreach we're going to be doing and then the operational ramp-up as well.
John C. Molina: Well, so, Tom, this is John. Let me first -- maybe I misheard you, but you seemed to imply that we had a positive Investor Day and today's not so positive. I'm like Mario. I'm pretty optimistic, and I think that our net in that PPD from Texas would've been right on our number. We still would have said that we're incurring higher costs in Q4, and that's really the operational readiness, the G&A spend, in part because we did win some new business and in part because the issues related to the marketplace is causing us to want to increase the outreach.
John C. Molina: We're -- this is John. We're still expecting, as a percent of revenue, that the G&A will go down in 2014.
John C. Molina: This is John. I would say decline as a percent of revenue because as the infrastructure build up on most of these programs, you got the operational ramp which will take over. And as Mario said, it really depends on when our enrollment becomes and how big that operational ramp is. But then also, the cycle starts over again, right? So now we're starting to prepare for the South Carolina and Texas duals, which is some more infrastructure build. But as a percentage of revenue, I think you'll see it go down. In terms of the growth, in terms of the total dollars, it should slow down, but it will still be up.
Joseph W. White: This is Joe speaking. I think that most -- the conversation with most states is that they would prefer, and I think we would prefer, they make a lump sum payment rather than building the amount into the ratings. So most states are indicating that they will make us hold on the tax piece, perhaps not the income tax deductibility but the tax piece upon our determination of how much we're going to owe the feds. So if we [indiscernible] even outside of the rate structure.
Joseph W. White: And now, this is Joe speaking. Well, first of all, we think we've caught up with this, and we don't anticipate any more unfavorable prior period development for this issue. The second point is we really feel like, with the -- we feel like Texas is treating us fairly. I think it's a fair statement after the rate increase we received on September 1, so we would not anticipate going back and asking for anything.
Joseph W. White: This is Joe speaking, Sarah. No, these -- the margin impression we're talking about in Ohio doesn't have anything to do uniquely with the new members that came on July 1. The risk adjustment issue isn't effective July. The risk adjusters for the ABD population overall for the entire State of Ohio were reset, and we've always had a very aggressive effort at capturing costs, ensuring that information with the state and getting our members the right medical care they need. As a result, we've traditionally attracted members with more complex needs and met those needs and been able to document that with the state. It just so happens that on the latest reset, either because of member mix changes or because other health plans are doing a better job in terms of their encounter submissions, proportionally, we received a reduction in risk adjusters. But it doesn't speak into anything that happened with the new membership coming on July 1.
Joseph W. White: Sure. It's Joe speaking. We just wanted to make the concept as clear as we can in terms of how the arithmetic works. The way the agreement works is that the -- to the extent that our margin differs from 3.25% margin, we will receive 75% of that difference in margin for our entire revenue. So we didn't quite find a simpler way to say it.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. It's a number of things. if you're looking at the consolidated number on the balance sheet, John had mentioned that we're -- date in claims payable is up. That's about $16 million this quarter. We also just had some minor timing issues in terms of cap payment, which drove it up, and we've also in this quarter, and we talked about this in the cash flow section. There are a number of states that views us a vehicle to pass through certain payments to providers, usually hospitals. These are cases where states will give money to us and then instruct us to pay the sort of hospitals or other providers. And it just so happened we got a lot of those payments late in the quarter, so -- and didn't have a chance to disperse them until early October. So we can...
Joseph W. White: It's up about $138 million versus December, and about $16 million of that's IPMP. So I think the rest of that more or less reverses next quarter. I think John alluded to the fact in his remarks, we had a lot of onetime items. I'd -- won't say onetime items. We've just had a lot of items we think that are going to reverse in December, or in the fourth quarter.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. We've seen some indication that it did. Like in Ohio, a rebasing that took effect earlier this year in terms of the fee schedule may have impacted us. We're also due to hear very shortly on the rate adjustment effective September 1. The state's a little bit late on that, but we'll have to wait and see what that -- when that number comes in before we can really assess where we're at in Florida. We've done a very good job in the last few years in Florida, though, for lowering health care costs. And they're certainly considerably below where they were a couple of years ago.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. I think you could look to that incremental piece of the spending for the fourth quarter being $40 to $45 million.
Joseph W. White: Carl, it's Joe. I honestly don't recall. We haven't looked since the close of second quarter. I think it closed the second quarter, that would have been substantial. I think it would've been $20 million or so, just a guess.
Joseph Mario Molina: Josh, this is Mario. I'm really encouraged by the progress we've made in the medical cost area this quarter. And so, yes, we're going to stick with that 2%. I think that eventually, as the enrollment grows, the percentage that we're spending on admin will drop. And if we can continue to make progress, as we have been on the medical costs, we think those numbers are achievable in the long term.
Joseph Mario Molina: Sarah, this is Mario. I think we've done a pretty good job at detailing all the headwinds. And you're right. There is still considerable upside from these new contracts, new programs, new states. And that's why I'm so optimistic. We have not provided an update on guidance. We're going to do that in February, but you've outlined some of the new issues.
Joseph Mario Molina: Sarah, this is Mario. There's one other point I want to make on that, too. While we have a settlement agreement with the state of California, that offers us some protection on the margins. Most health plans in California do not. So most of the Medicaid plans in California continue to be concerned, as we are, about the adequacy of rates. And we will all continue to press the issue with the state because we want the rates to be set appropriately, regardless of any kind of settlement. The rates need to be fair. They need to reflect the acuity of the patients that we're serving whether there's a settlement agreement or not.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, this is Mario. I think that it encompasses both. For example, the duals contracts are going to require us to have more in the way of care managers, probably some additional medical directors, and that's in an existing state. In a place like South Carolina, it will bring up a whole new health plan. We've got to hire all the staff for that health plan, including the care management. So it overlaps, and it really is a function of the growth and the change in the mix of patients that we're going to be experiencing.
Joseph Mario Molina: Okay, Tom, this is Mario. Tom, let me just finish. I think that if you take the claims issue that we have in Texas and if you take the $2.5 million we spent on Illinois with basically no membership and you reverse that, we would've exceeded analyst expectations for the quarter. The medical costs came down pretty much across the board, and I think it was, absent that, a very strong quarter. John's right. We are spending more to build up for our growth next year. And some of these things, like the Imperial County, we're running around, putting together a network and bringing up a new service area that we really hadn't anticipated was going to come so quickly. So there are some things that we have to spend that have been accelerated. But overall, and John's having a field day with this, I'm actually optimistic, and I'm not usually the optimistic one.
Joseph Mario Molina: Tom, this is Mario. No, we've not specifically addressed that with them. And I think that the reason we're seeing all these delays is that the state and federal government are trying to bring up a lot of programs simultaneously. In past years, these things would roll out, one this year, one next year. But CMS is trying to bring these duals, all these duals contracts up in a period of about 2 years. It's an aggressive timeframe, and I think that they're struggling just in terms of the staff that they have. I think the government shutdown kind of hurt things a little bit. And I also think that the state are struggling because remember, in this recession, states laid off staff. And so now that things are turning around and they're bringing up these new programs, a lot of the people that were there several years ago are now gone. So you've got new staff who are younger, have less experience. Or in many cases, you just don't have the staff, period, that they had in previous years. And I think that's what's -- a lot of what's driving the delays.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. I think a lot of it's a function of the membership growth, right? Because as the revenues grow, a lot of the G&A costs will be fixed. So as the revenues grow, G&A as a percent goes down. You have got fixed costs embedded in this with staff that we've already hired and we've been training. Some of the things are variable, like the amount we spend on advertising and outreach, and that we have a little bit more control over. But as Terry has pointed out in the past, when we go through these readiness reviews, the states want to see bodies in those chairs, and they want to be sure that we're fully staffed. And then what's happened is that they have pulled the rug out from under us and said, "We're going to delay this for 2 or 3 months." And it's been a problem. Whether that ever gets addressed or not, I don't know. I hope that at some point, state recognizes the additional costs that they caused us to incur, but I can't guarantee it.
Joseph Mario Molina: Sure, this is Mario. Remember, these are issues that go back to 2003. And a lot of the settlement comes out of those early years, and that was the time when we were much smaller. So it's -- you can't -- you're sort of comparing apples and oranges.
Joseph Mario Molina: Carl, this is John. Be careful because we are getting some rate increases in October and in January that are going to help the overall profitability of the California plan, as well as we have seen, I think, some pretty good strides in utilization management as we now have over a full year with the ABD's enrollment. We've always talked about taking an era from 2 to 3 quarters to get utilization in line. I think in California, it took a little bit longer because when the ABDs were enrolled, we had less flexibility to change treatment regimens. And so we're now 15 to 18 months down the line, we're able to do some managed care, these patients were able to bring, some of the utilization are more in line.
Joseph Mario Molina: I'll take that one. I've always said that I was not a big fan of this type of agreement because what it leads us doing is holding a receivable from the state of California, and I'm the kind of guy that likes to have my money upfront. So we did negotiate to have a shorter period of time for this agreement. I think if you look at the deals, though, they are otherwise very, very similar. The magnitude of the settlement that we have is smaller than HealthNet's because our Medicaid enrollment back in the early 2003, 2004 era was smaller, and we had just insured time period. But otherwise, I think it's pretty much the same agreement.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us. We will be having another Investor Day, I believe, in February. And again, it's uncharacteristic of me, but despite the prior period development in Texas, I am optimistic about the prospects. I think we've done a good job of bringing down medical care costs, and we've got huge growth opportunities in front of us. So we look forward to seeing what 2014 brings. Thank you.
