John C. Molina: Yes, it is, Ralph. And again, what we wanted to do here is provide a balance for a better underlying operating results, some one-time benefits and some of the additional charges that we know are coming in for the balance of the year.
John C. Molina: It's our -- this is John. It's our assumption that the State of California is going to want all the settlements to be on the same construct.
John C. Molina: I think the biggest holdup is that there's an awful lot of stuff going on right now at the Department of Health Care Services, trying to do Medicaid expansion, moving with a bunch of the -- to shift members into the Medicaid program, trying to get duals off. So it's more of a factor that they've got a lot of competing priorities, then there's any adverse discussions going on with us.
John C. Molina: You're right. Right now, Medicare is a smaller portion of our revenue and we're still looking at what we think the projected impact will be.
John C. Molina: It probably depends on when the performance measures are met. And let's face it, if the performance measures are met, that means we're doing a great job with our -- executing our strategic plan. So let's hope that gets fully expensed.
John C. Molina: This is John. If you recall with our Investor Day, we sort of broke our rate in this class into a couple of buckets. One was just the basic infrastructure that we've got to do regardless. That's setting up the new benefit packages and the IT systems, getting the provider contracts written for things like exchanges, et cetera. And then the other piece was that variable piece, really tied to the membership increases. And it's a latter piece that we don't have great visibility on yet with respect to some of the Medicaid expansions, some of the exchanges or insurance market prices and some with the duals. And these are programs that we think will take flight in 2014. But in a number of our states: Texas; Florida; Ohio; Michigan, we don't know as of today what the Medicaid expansion is going to look like. We don't know if they're going to be ready to start marketing their insurance marketplace in October. So we have the basic infrastructure piece but it's the variable piece that the additional employees that we have to hire to handle a membership that we don't quite know yet. And as soon as we get some information on when these programs are expected to start and how many people they're expecting to cover, we can then adjust our guidance and give you folks additional information.
John C. Molina: Yes. I've articulated the main sort of one-time items in the quarter. However, as you've listened to our calls, we're really hesitant just to focus on a few one-time items. There's lots of stuff happening in the business, up and down, that we don't point out. So that's why we hate to just look at a quarter isolation and say, "That's a run rate." That's a point, not a run rate.
John C. Molina: This is John, Matt. Again, we had -- we've had a good first quarter. I think the last 2 quarters, what we're seeing is the operational improvements taking hold a bit faster than we anticipated. But the last thing we want to do is start to run ahead of ourselves. And so you know how volatile this business is, so we tried to paint a nice middle path until we get another quarter to it under our belts.
Terry P. Bayer: This is Terry Bayer. We are making a payment adjustment in the form of an increase to both the traditional caregiver providers, the personal attendant services and then the adult day health. Those are the 2 categories, chiefly. There may be some additional homecare providers as we go through the details. And the rationale is simply a better understanding of our underlying service bases and the cost structure on the plan. Last year, we were hit with a significant enrollment when we first started out and we wanted to be very cautious as to how we spent the revenue we were given by the state. And as the rate increase came in and our experience gained, we were able to make an increase.
Terry P. Bayer: Well, let me just back up. We're not prepared to really quote any direct impact from risk scores. There were some cuts to the Medicare rates by -- as a cause of sequestration and we have passed those onto the providers. That's separate. Now when you start talking about risk scores, we are still submitting additional information to CMS and waiting for information that we will receive sometime in June, which will reset our rates considering our risk course. That'll be a retro back to January and then going forward from July. But we don't yet have the results from our more recent submissions. And by that, I mean, we seek additional information from the medical records to ensure that we've appropriately documented the diagnoses. We get them into CMS and then they award us associated revenue.
Terry P. Bayer: This is Terry. Yes, we are insourcing our behavioral health management. And over time, we've been doing that for a number of years as contracts with outside vendors expired. We have recently hired a new physician leader for our behavioral health initiatives company-wide. And we have an overall philosophy on the integration of behavioral and physical health, as well as extensive community-based social support system. So that's the overall philosophy. It will be tweaked state-by-state because there are varying state regulations that often play into the fold, as well as an incorporation of the pharmacy benefit. So in general, insourced and same philosophy.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, Ralph, this is Mario. We do intend to participate in exchanges in those states where we have Medicaid contracts. We're making good progress. I think the provider contracting is going fairly well. And we anticipate being ready to participate in those programs on time.
Joseph Mario Molina: Josh, this is Mario. It's a combination of things. First of all, as we have a better understanding in the patterns of utilization now, we can see where the costs are. The other problem is that in some of those -- in some cases, we are actually paying providers more than what they would've been paid under Medicaid. So we're trying to come back to a more rational payment system that more fairly compensates the providers for what they're doing and aligns with traditional patterns. So it's really a function of the experience that we've gained over the past year. We have plenty of providers. In fact, I think, we probably have more homecare providers now than we did a year ago, so getting more contractors has not been a problem.
Joseph Mario Molina: No, I think it's more the case of getting it all rightsized. Again, as I pointed out, in some cases, we're actually pretty providers too much; other providers may have been paid too little. Now that we see where the actual utilization is, we can adjust the payments accordingly and that's what we're doing.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, again, this is about paying the providers correctly, based on the utilization of services that we're seeing in the distribution. And I don't think that we expect to see any shifts in the patient population. Likewise, I don't expect to see much of a change in our provider network. I think this really reflects having a year's worth of data under our belts. And I think that we made some incorrect assumptions initially when we started paying the claims and we were able to correct those.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. We have not gotten a lot of feedback on that issue but I think that, perhaps, the best piece of information we have is a letter that was written by the Republican Governors Association, acknowledging that this is a tax that's going to affect state Medicaid programs.
Joseph Mario Molina: It's Joe speaking. There'll be a small number of costs associated with that, but very small. So we'll keep 80% or 90% of that amount.
Joseph Mario Molina: No. No update yet. We're still waiting for the states to give us guidance on how to pay that and get those state plan amendments done.
Joseph Mario Molina: It should be, more or less, neutral to us, although because we have to staff model clinics, there may be some positive impact because as we employ these physicians, some of that money will remain with the company.
Joseph Mario Molina: I don't think so. I think the rates are going to be based on utilization and based on risk adjustments. So I don't think paying the providers more is necessarily going to lead to us getting a greater rate increase.
Joseph Mario Molina: I'm sorry, it's Joe, the $0.08, a portion of it was, yes. We fine-tuned our calculation of expense for the year and I think there's about a -- I think expense recognition for the year is going to be about $3 million, $2 million or $3 million more than we anticipated back in New York.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, if you recall last year, we made some cuts to the provider payments for the personal attendant services and the day healthcare services. And we also -- so we are restoring some of those cuts, but it's not an exact restoration because the increase in payments is going to more closely match the distribution of the utilization of services. When we set up our payments last year, we made certain assumptions about the utilization of services, which turned out not to be correct. Now that we have a better picture of the pattern of utilization, we are increasing the payments to the providers to reflect the services they're providing. So it is an increase in unit cost but it's also a change in the distribution of utilization in connection with that.
Joseph Mario Molina: No, I don't think so. We continue to think that there is a good opportunity for growth in these Medicare-Medicaid contracts. We think there will be some expansion to Medicaid. It's become more complicated now with the politics that are involved, with governors proposing to increase enrollment and legislators pushing back with this concept of the Arkansas experiment, which we are not in Arkansas and we're not sure how widely that will be adopted. But overall, we still feel confident about the opportunities and the numbers that we've quoted and we're feeling more comfortable about exchanges as well.
Joseph Mario Molina: The duals' opportunity in the counties that we're in, in California, is roughly almost 400,000 beneficiaries. There's a huge opportunity. Especially when you compare it to states like Ohio and Illinois where we're also participating. So you see that California really dwarfs most other states and roughly 11% of all the duals in the country reside in California. We have participated in this program as a Special Needs Plan. We're the seventh largest Special Needs Plan in the country by enrollment. And that has all been voluntary. So no, I don't think the fact that they're going to be able to opt out deters us in any way because enrollment in these plans, as far as we're concerned, has always been voluntary. And so our goal is to try to convince the beneficiaries that there is a benefit to them to remain with us. But we've always assumed that, I think in our assumption, about 40% to 50% were going to opt out. So no, I don't think it changes anything.
Joshua R. Raskin: So is it more you were denying certain requests for home health and now you're expecting a higher level of utilization of those services and that's what that's selling to or...
Joshua R. Raskin: Okay. I guess next question, any progress in terms of discussions with the state in California around a potential deal, sort of like what HealthNet did with their Medicaid program.
Joshua R. Raskin: Okay. Got you. And just last question. On MMIS, I know it's a tough quarter in the fourth quarter. Do you guys have an operating income number for that segment in the first quarter? I know you don't break it out in the press release anymore.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. You can lift it from -- it was what we expected, pretty much. You can lift it from the -- you can lift it from the income statement. It's a revenue of about $50 million, expense of $40 million, so about a $10 million operating revenue.
Joseph W. White: Well, fourth quarter, remember, was hit by a lot of -- fourth quarter was hit by a lot of one-time charges. I think overall, we're expecting, if you were to remove those fourth -- and we went through this in guidance in New York, if you were to remove those fourth quarter charges from 2012, we're going to see a little bit lower performance in 2013, just getting some contract changes. But it's, suffice to say, it's moving along just like we expected when we gave guidance back in February.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking, Peter. We recall the expenses on the offering were about $16.5 million or $17 million. There's a proration of those expenses between the convert and the elements of the call spread. That pro-debt, that's proration. What is assigned to the call spread gets expensed immediately, which is why we mentioned that calling at about $6 million of expenses tied into the -- for fees for the first quarter. So the remaining $11 million -- $10 million to $11 million or so were amortized pro rata over the life of the notes.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. Certainly, the external indicators indicate that flu was more prevalent in our parts, at least in our states. I won't say our markets. We saw more TAMIFLU utilization. But overall, we just didn't see anything this quarter that would indicate it was anything out the normal in terms of the flu season. We haven't quantified anything for the simple reason we haven't seen any indication there's a whole lot abnormal to quantify.
Joseph W. White: Well, there's a lot to -- it's Joe speaking. There's -- bear in mind, there's a lot of factors in Utah beyond that Medicaid rate cut, which was -- it was a cut of 16%. Utah has a high percentage of Medicare membership. Among our states, it's the highest with Medicare membership selectivity. And that Medicare business is going to be factored into the MCR you've seen in the financials. We also have a pretty strong, a pretty hard CHIP product there, it's a pretty strong CHIP membership. And lastly, we had the pharmacy benefit carved in this year. And then we relay onto that, I think the team there has done some very good work with patient care that has positively impacted both patient care and medical costs. So I think you have to look at the context of all of those other factors there. And it was a 16% cut but it's -- when you layer it with 3 or 4 other factors, it ameliorated that in the consolidated results.
Joseph W. White: No, the state -- it's Joe speaking. The state changed the metrics in 2013. So this will have no impact in 2013.
Joseph W. White: Well, it's Joe speaking. Those -- the compensation committee, the company revisits those measures and that compensation every year. So it's a little bit premature to speculate on what that would mean for next year.
Joseph W. White: There was a slight adjustment to our rates, Brian, but for the most part, those were targeted at service areas that we don't participate in.
Joseph W. White: Okay. So Tom, you know how much we love to talk about reserves and roll-forwards. $16 million was what we had accrued -- what we took in the income in Q1 based on the liability we established at 12/31. So that whole $16 million benefited Q1. What we didn't talk about and we have no way to know just yet is how much of excess reserves have we built in as we put in the reserves for Q1. It's always a matter of taking excess out from the past periods and building up the current period. So we don't know to what extent future periods will continue to have a prior-period development in Texas on a favorable basis.
Joseph W. White: No, no, right. It's Joe speaking. I know -- John, to confirm, he's talking about payable prior-period development primes. So Tom, I can't do anything other than reiterate what John said. It was certainly more favorable prior-period development that we typically see in the health plan, hence we've called it out. We try to set the reserves as accurately as possible every quarter. So all things being equal, there would be much less favorable development in future periods.
Scott J. Fidel: First question, just if you have any updates you can give us on how the conversations are proceeding with the states around the industry tax for 2014 and feedback from the states on how they plan to build that into the rates. Obviously, there's already been a lot of focus on Florida with that, but just interested if any of your other states has given you any feedback yet so far.
Scott J. Fidel: Okay. Then just wanted to return just to the Medicare question, I think that Sarah had asked. And I think, Terry, you talked a little bit about the 2013 impacts. But just interested if you've been able to do the analysis, the company's been able to do analysis yet on the proposed change to the risk adjustment model, the HCC model that starts in 2014 with the 75% phase-in, just given particularly some feedback that's been out in the industry about those changes to the risk adjustment model, having a more significant impact on higher acuity members with higher frailty. So just interested if you're thinking there could be a more significant impact to Medicare SNP plans, granted, though, that Medicare is a pretty small amount of your overall revenue.
Scott J. Fidel: Okay. Then just last question. Can you break out what the revenues are that you're accruing from the Louisiana MIS contract? Just interested in what the overall mix of revenues from that contract is relative to the total MIS book.
