John C. Molina: So, Sarah, this is John. I think while we still continue to grow and get very big we can't forget about seasonality and I think you're looking at one quarter and comparing it to our entire year so that's going to be the big difference. I don't think that the recognition of the ACA fee is going to have anything to do with – or much to do with that and the Texas quality revenue is primarily in the ABD population so if anything, would benefit the ABD population some. But again short answer is seasonality.
John C. Molina: Josh, this is John. This is the biggest thing is, it's rank ordered against other health plans. So until we know how they did, our internal data is only half the picture.
John C. Molina: This is John, Kevin. I think on the expansion the things you have to consider are the rates changed. And in many cases, we discussed this at the Investor Day, the rates – the premium rates dropped quite a bit. So if the MLR goes up, it largely is a function of the revenue per member going down. And then the methodology that different states use to calculate, either the floors or the give-backs are different. So that's going to have a little bit of an impact. And lastly, the time horizon, especially for a state like California, the measurement period's over 18 months as opposed to 12 months. So I think what we see in Q1 it's good. It might rise a little bit. I don't expect it to go shooting through the roof, but I don't expect it to drop much more.
John C. Molina: Yeah. I think that the states are taking the same approach. Their actuaries are looking at the data, utilization, expected trends, et cetera, and they're pricing it accordingly. They weren't as much in the dark as we were in the first year. And as Joe says, as we get more data, we would expect that the rates will be adjusted to be more in line with what the actual experience is.
John C. Molina: I mean the total – I want to say the total shares underlying the 2020 convert, Brian, are about 13.5 million and then I want to say – I want to say it's something like five million shares underlying the 2014 convert. I mean I haven't done the math to know what happens at a given share price. And I think it's unrealistic we'd ever reach those numbers. But I think it's $13.5 million on the 2020 and $5.5 million on the 2044.
John C. Molina: Ana, give us a minute. We're going back to take a look at what we said at the Investor Day. I think the important thing is rather than look at each individual product line, as we said in our prepared remarks, to look at where the company's going to end up overall, we look at the consolidated. And what we've consistently said is that we want to reach a 1.5% to 2% margin by 2017.
John C. Molina: That's right. The bar I think is – from the outside it may look easy. From the inside, with all the moving parts, it's a challenge.
John C. Molina: Well, I think that as Mario and Terry talked about at the last Investor Day, we have a new Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Keith Wilson, who is re-energizing the medical management. And they've taken a very member-centric approach to things. And it seems that as we said, for the first quarter we can say it seems that some of the efforts are taking hold.
John C. Molina: And, Ana, to clarify, I don't think we said that the regulations would allow us to cross-subsidize. What we said was it was our opinion, our profession that these are all Medicaid patients. So it makes sense to include the Medicaid expansion lives and the TANF and the ABD in one set of risk mitigation calculations as opposed to three separate ones.
John C. Molina: Sure. So, on the HIF we did not recognize any HIF revenue associated with the first quarter of 2015 for California, Michigan or Utah. That amount was $16 million or $0.20. The balance, the other $0.09, had to do with the non-recognition of the quality revenue in Texas. Getting back to the HIF we also have $20 million still hanging from 2014 which we did not recognize in the first quarter. We did get a check from the state of California after the quarter was over so we'll recognize that amount in the second quarter and that relates to 2014 unless we get a contract amendment or something from the state of California we will not recognize any of the HIF for 2015.
John C. Molina: The cost of service revenue associated with MMS? You know, Chris, nothing leaps to mind. Maybe we can dig into those numbers a little bit more to see what gets ferreted out.
John C. Molina: No. I mean we've been having very strong cash flow. DCP is up. We still – and a couple of the health plans are accruing money that we have to return to the states. So that is helping cash flow a bit.
Joseph W. White: Sure, Sarah. It's Joe speaking. I think for guidance we were at around 50 million – I think we were around 50 million which is where we ended up for this quarter, I think we were like at 51 million this quarter. The way I would look at it is once you cross $53 in share price, increment about 250,000 shares on a full year basis. Obviously you've got to weight it for the weighted average over the days. But about 225,000 shares to 250,000 shares per $1 over $53. So you can take what we gave you and then peg your estimate of where our share price is going to be for the year and adjust it accordingly.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. We know we definitely missed $4 million in Texas last year. So there's another $20 million out there. And it's the – you know it's the same story, Josh. We're just waiting to hear how the state has calculated through its third party, how it has calculated the metrics versus how we've calculated.
Joseph W. White: No. No, because it's a very complex calculation subject to a lot of interpretation. And it's also dependent on other health plan performance.
Joseph W. White: What we're finding so far, Josh, and this is the beginning of the year – what we're finding though is that utilization is less than we anticipated. Pretty much substantially less which would suggest that there could conceivably be a – there could conceivable be a risk adjustment downward – adjustment to revenue but we think we've captured that in the calculations of the risk adjustment in the MLR floor and all of that. So I think in general it's fair to say we don't have any big receivables booked back on anything like risk adjustment.
Joseph W. White: No. We haven't – I think it's fair to say that we anticipate that and we've worked that into our calculation of the anticipated MLR. I don't want go into details about whether we've got that booked as a higher medical claims liability or a risk adjustment liability but the exercise gets you to the same point. In a nutshell experience is coming in much less, so far much lower than we anticipated.
Joseph W. White: We've adjusted – the best way to express this is between the claims reserved we recorded and the risk adjustment liability we've recorded, we think we're very nicely positioned.
Joseph W. White: Yeah. I guess what I'm trying to say, Josh, is we don't anything substantial in the way of receivables and we anticipate, yes, there will payables to put back on risk adjustment.
Joseph W. White: Yeah. I would just add to that we've had 15 months of experience now with this population. So I think we've got a pretty good handle on the MLR corridors and floors. I don't think there's any snapback in that we would anticipate.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. They all have some sort of what the states call risk mitigation, strategies, some kind of risk corridor. Remember, though, that the definitions of revenue and expense in those calculations don't match what we show on a GAAP income statement. So oftentimes our revenue is reduced by certain items, and expense can be adjusted too so that the net effect of that is often an MLR floor that is slightly different than that which you would calculate from GAAP.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. We'll have to see how that plays out over the year. I would just – the only commentary I would make on this is we run this business on an operating basis not a tax basis. And we're not going to adjust our business strategy directly for a tax strategy but we'll have to see how the year plays out. But agree we're above the de minimis threshold first quarter.
Joseph W. White: Mechanically that's correct. The guidance we gave assumed 80% recovery of the 2015 amount and nothing for 2014.
Joseph W. White: It's difficult to say after one quarter. We're certainly bluntly still in the dark on the metrics that we haven't heard about from 2014 as we go into 2015. But also the portion of the revenue that's tied to HEDIS scores, we've found it very difficult to recognize that in the first quarter until our data develops further. So I guess I would just say I don't see anything happening in the first quarter that's going to take us off of what we said in guidance.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. Yeah, when we line up everything on the G&A side it's first quarter, it was very consistent with what we expected for our guidance.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. I don't have anything specific on hep C, I will say though in most of our states that issue has either been addressed either through some kind of risk pool, some kind of specific state reimbursement or an attempt to reimburse it in our rates. So I don't think hep C had a – treatments had a material impact on the first quarter. I think it's a matter now of just refining how states reimburse that's rather than trying to get over the concept of reimbursement. The second point is why is pharmacy would be dropping as a percentage of total medical spend is really driven by just the long-term services and support spend that we incur. One of the things as we shift to – we talked about shifting to more chronically ill patients or members who need home health assistance. Obviously for someone in some sort of home and community based services setting or in nursing facilities the drug cost is going to be – while large in absolute terms is a smaller percentage of their total spend.
Joseph W. White: Yeah. It's the same story. Nothing dramatically has changed our capitation structure again it's just a lot of the costs with the LTSS are direct rather than capitated.
Joseph W. White: Well that's a really – that's an astute question. The numbers are very small but curiously enough the percentage of quality revenue that's tied to those measures that we don't have visibility into went from about 50% last year to 60% this year. So I think that's what you're seeing.
J. Mario Molina, MD: Hello, Josh. This is Mario. As we said at the outset, we're going to provide annual guidance. So for us to comment on the quarter-to-quarter development would in effect be giving quarterly guidance. So we're not going to comment on that aspect.
J. Mario Molina, MD: We are – we're still waiting for those regulations. We thought they would be out. We have no further information. We're just going to have to wait. They'll come out when they come out.
J. Mario Molina, MD: It's scalability really. You know we've got a fair amount of revenue. And you can see by looking at our full-year guidance, we got a fair amount of revenue in addition to Puerto Rico still to come on this year. We've got the three MMP dual programs coming on in Michigan, Texas and South Carolina. If you look back to Investor Day, we also talked about some new programs in Texas that are going to add a lot to the top line. So I would say it's more scalability than anything, plus Puerto Rico.
J. Mario Molina, MD: I think it's just an issue of getting the appropriate documentation. We know that both Utah and Michigan have passed in their most recent budgets dollars to fund the payments but our policy is either we get a check or we get a contract amendment. And we haven't got the contract amendments in Utah or Michigan as of yet.
J. Mario Molina, MD: On the MMA product I think that Molina like a lot of the other health plans are seeing higher medical care costs than we anticipated when the program was first bid and we are active discussions with ACA and legislature to increase the rates so that things turn out for the, as we expected.
J. Mario Molina, MD: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us. It was a very strong quarter. And we're looking forward to talking to you next quarter on our next earnings release.
