Joe Zubretsky: Thanks, Mark. In looking back over the past five years, we pause briefly to reflect on our company's accomplishments. We won $5 billion in new Medicaid awards over the period and defended all of our existing contracts. We acquired $10 billion in profitable revenue. In short, we doubled the revenue base. We have produced industry-leading margins in our core products, averaging 4% to 5% on a pretax basis. The top line growth and margin expansion allowed us to grow earnings per share from a loss in 2017 to nearly $20 per share in 2023 guidance. We've ascended to Fortune 125 status and were promoted into the S&P 500. We have a pure-play government managed care franchise to grow and build on. We only take this retrospective journey to express our excitement, enthusiasm and energy for the next five years. There are so many more opportunities to continue to grow and expand our franchise. As we say here at the company, reaching milestones is not a cost for celebration, but a cause for consternation as reaching one merely marks the point in time to set new aspirational goals. We plan to share our view over the next five years with you at an Investor Day later this year. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Josh. That is correct. We are going to produce a consolidated medical care ratio of 88% in each of 2022 and our guidance through 2023. We get there in a slightly different way year-over-year. Obviously, with our repositioning of the Marketplace business, we're projecting that with pricing actions, with the small silver and stable strategy, we will bring that MCR down within the long-term range at the high end of the long-term range of 78% to 80%. Medicare slightly underperformed our long-term target for the year because of 300 basis points of pressure. We now project that Medicare will come into its long-term target range, perhaps in the middle of that range. And yes, because we have been outperforming our long-term guidance range in Medicaid, 80% of our revenue, we are forecasting a reversion to the mean, considering all the impacts of flu, RSV, COVID, any potential nuanced reaction to retermination process puts us in the middle of the range at 88.5%, our long-term range being 88% to 89%. So that's the line of business tail of the tape for MCR projection into 2023.
Joe Zubretsky: Now in that line of business, we are going to look at the stability of the risk pool, chasing and moving target with respect to the government rules around who's eligible, how many people are eligible when they become eligible has thrown in the past couple of years, that risk pool into what we consider to be a period of instability. If that should stabilize and now we're convinced that the pricing that's put into the market by us and the competitors is rational. I've always said, we could put this business back into the growth category, allocate more capital to it and grow it, but grow it in a very responsible and measured way. So I'm not sure, we're seeing anything new, but right now, keep it small silver and stable until we conclude that we should allocate more capital to it and grow it in a very measured and responsible way. And that's been our strategy all along.
Joe Zubretsky: The way I would answer that is one of the reasons we haven't forecasted to capture is because the data around how it's worked in the past is pretty imprecise. I mean we could create all the models with various scenarios. We decided not to forecast it. We have operational protocols in place with member outreach in the states that allow that through text, phone and mail to help members reestablish eligibility and if determined that they are ineligible for Medicaid but eligible for a highly subsidized Marketplace product, we will then warm transfer them over to our distribution channels for Marketplace and capture them in that manner. But because this is uncharted waters, it's just -- it's never been done before, we chose not to create a model and forecast it, but consider it as upside to our membership growth.
Joe Zubretsky: Yeah, Scott. Even with the significant backlog of both integrations on in-flight acquisitions and new contract implementations and our new wins, we have continued to aggressively pursue the M&A pipeline. And nothing has really changed with respect to the appetite of single state operators not for profit plans to listen to the Molina story and want to be part of this larger enterprise, where they continue -- they can continue to fulfill their local mission and have access to the broad and deep capabilities and financial resources that we bring. So it's a great story and nothing has really changed there. I would say, given the size of the pipeline and the level of activity and the maturity of some of the opportunities, we feel very confident in some announcements here in 2023.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. And as we said in our prepared remarks, even with the exclusion of the one-time items, the COVID-related items the risk adjustment true-up in the middle of the year. And in the fourth quarter, the significant settlement of some prior year provider balances, we did not meet our expectations in marketplace. The continuing MLR drag from that significant SEP membership that renewed into the current year, continued to drag on the MLR. We now believe that the special enrollment period might produce this year 3,000 to 4,000 a month, where it was producing 20,000 to 25,000 a month and the height of the SEP gives the risk full more stability, and we're priced for it. So we did not meet our expectations even while ignoring the one-time items. But this year, we feel that with the high-single digit price increase, low-single digit trend, good visibility on our renewal membership to make sure we get appropriate risk scores that we're in good shape to hit mid-single digit margins in 2023.
Joe Zubretsky: So I'll turn it to Mark. But yes, given the mix of the business has changed and many of the dynamics of the businesses have changed, the seasonal patterns of how MCRs emerge, has changed slightly over time. So I'll turn it to Mark to give you a view of how Medicaid might perform over the quarters.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Nathan. We actually consciously separated the two major components of our embedded earnings because one of them is, in our view, entirely controllable, harvesting the $4 of earning our target margins on latent contracts and M&A is something we have a proven track record of doing. We separated that from the $2 of lingering COVID era corridors because eliminating them is outside our control. They were put in place during COVID. They're articulated as being related to COVID. There are three remaining two that matter. Washington, State of Washington and Mississippi, and we believe over time that they will either be compressed or eliminated, but we don't control that. With respect to rates, I would say that states, our customers and their actuaries are vary at least aware of the potential for an acuity shift somewhere due to the redetermination process. And the fact that they're aware of it. And we would -- and if or not, we will certainly make them aware if we experience it, leads us to believe that if there is a significant shift in acuity somewhere in the book of business that the actuarial soundest principle will prevail, and we'll be able to have a productive conversation about that.
Joe Zubretsky: Kevin, I'll give it to Mark. We are not and haven't parsed all the specific trend factors that go into an MCR forecast for the Medicaid business, but we have been outperforming even the low end of our range, a range which produces best-in-class industry margins and we just think it's not prudent to continue to forecast that we'll continue to outperform the outperforming that range. So we call it a reversion to the mean. We're forecasting an 88.5% for the Medicaid business, which is right in the middle of the range, citing medical cost pressures due to any of the items like flu, COVID, RSV and then, of course, any pressure that might be experienced with an acuity shift knowing that a significant acuity shift will probably be absorbed by retroactive rate increases. So I'm not going to parse it, but that's why we were somewhat conservative in forecasting the middle of our long-term Medicaid range rather than continuing to forecast that we outperform it.
Joe Zubretsky: Yeah. It goes away as a one-time item, but it becomes consumed into the run rate of the new contracts is the way to think about it.
Joe Zubretsky: We don't know that specifically. All we know is that they're aware of the theoretical possibility that there's an acuity shift in the book, likely, could result in prospective rate changes, but also retrospective rate changes. And it all has to be data driven. So to the point on timing, the data has to mature. The claims have to complete, the data has to be analyzed and then reasonable people will get in a room and figure out whether a rate change is necessary. So I would look at it, I don't know whether they're going to wait until the entire redetermination process is complete. But it's got to be data driven. So the data has to complete, and it has to be verifiable and actionable.
Joe Zubretsky: No, I think the medical trends we've experienced late in the year seem to have fallen into a nice pattern of, lack of volatility and understanding what COVID is actually costing sort of like on a run rate basis. It almost evolved into a $40 million to $50 million monthly run rate. And as long as it stays stable, as long as we know where the COVID infection rate is spiking, it certainly is -- the inpatient cost is certainly the more costly component, and that certainly hits the Medicare more than the Medicaid book. We have pretty good line of sight into what those services will cost us. But late in the year, it sort of settled into a nice pattern of $40 million to $50 million a month.
Joe Zubretsky: No, not at all. We obviously measure the returns against our weighted average cost of capital. Obviously, we're earning more on the free cash now than we were before. So there's less of a drag. But no, it hasn't caused any change in momentum in terms of the appetite for counterparties in the market to want to speak to us and think about becoming part of the Molina enterprise.
Mark Keim: That's right, Joe. Josh, it's Mark. Total guidance at 88% MLR. As Joe mentioned, each of the segments I've got pretty much right in the middle of long-term guidance. So think of Marketplace, 79% to 80%; Medicare Advantage 87.5% and Medicaid, call it, 88 5%. For weightings, pretty similar to what we had this year, probably about 5% marketplace, which is a little bit smaller as the portfolio about 13% Medicare Advantage, about 82% in Medicaid. So you round all that out. The only other thing I'd say is, we finished full year Medicaid in 2022 at an 88%. We're obviously in our guidance saying an 88.5% roughly for Medicaid. So that's an additional 50 basis points for new stores, who knows redetermination or just general conservatism, but that's how I'm thinking about the MLRs there.
Mark Keim: Yeah, A.J., good morning. As Joe mentioned, starting off with 290,000 members going down, I think, to 230,000 by the end of the year, really exactly what we expected. We put 9% rate into the market this year. If you look at the mix of what we got and the pricing we put into the market, so with 9% not surprised with that result at all. Now you asked about the MLRs. To the extent we pick up folks from redetermination, I'm expecting the MLRs coming over to be quite consistent with our underwriting range. Those folks will not be new to health insurance. They will not be coming in with pent-up demand. So I'm expecting a pretty stable pool as they come over.
Mark Keim: Great. So a bunch there, Justin. Let me start with Medicaid. We ended 2022 with about 4.7 million members. As Joe mentioned earlier, I expect to conclude 2023 with about the same. We'll go in there. The moving pieces is redetermination probably around 300,000 or more coming off, but replaced by a number of good guys. For example, the Iowa acquisition about 200,000 members, the My Choice acquisition about 40,000 members; California fee-for-service coming in a bunch of offsets there. So pretty much flat over the year from a membership perspective. On the DCP, you're talking about and the payments related to medical expenses. In general, when I look at DCP and I look at our reserving, our purchase is the same. It's the same actuarial on leadership, same approach to development and our triangles, the same external audit review. So I feel very confident about our process. What has changed is, in the fourth quarter, we added AgeWell, which brought in the LTSS membership, that membership adjudicates a whole lot faster and pays a whole lot faster. We also had the extra payment cycle. So when I look at the fourth quarter, we actually paid more than what I recorded in medical expense. So that's driving a bunch of that DCP decline from 50 to 47. Hope that helps.
Mark Keim: Sure. Scott, it's Mark. So when I think about operating cash flow, I focus on cash flow at the parent because that's what restocks my firepower. I expect to take pretty meaningful dividends. I've got a few acquisitions to pay for this year and I've got some growth organically that I need to fund. So all told, at the parent, I expect to have more than $0.5 billion by the end of the year. Interest expense, you can model going forward, you know my bonds, you know my rates. On interest income, that's a wildcard, right? We're all guessing on that. finishing 2022 with about $7.5 billion of cash and investments. I expect across 2023 to end the year with about $7 billion of cash and investments, including everything at the subs. Now the wildcard here is, what kind of an interest rate to put on that, right? We've had one Fed raise already this year. If you look at the Fed Funds future rates. We've got maybe one more raise coming and maybe one or two declines back half of the year. So how do I think about that across the year? Not quite sure. I think you could model any place between mid and high 2s on a yield basis and come out with a pretty credible interest forecast there.
Mark Keim: Yeah. I'm expecting pretty flat. And if you look historically, we've run pretty consistently on Medicaid, certainly more so than Medicare in the marketplace. So I think you can model that one pretty straight line. On the AgeWell, we'll follow up with you offline. I don't have a discrete number on that. I know what it does to my weighted average, but we can follow-up with that. Thank you.
Mark Keim: Nathan, just to build on that, a number of our states were in 19 on Medicaid now. A number of our states have told us, if and when there's any impact from that redetermination, they are quite willing to reopen that to revisit it. So we feel good between that commitment and our advocacy efforts that the rates will move as they need to.
Mark Keim: Yes. So we update this analysis every quarter and the conclusion is really not changing. Joe mentioned a couple of the data points, the folks with us more than one year versus less the folks in the zero to 25% MCR bucket. Expansion, we're seeing a little bit of an increase, but across the board is not much. Remember, expansion is just 30% of our total revenue. The other data point that some folks have been talking about is coordination of benefits or duplication of benefits, do we see any increase in that population. Once again, not really, a little bit of an expansion. So across the board, is there something here? Maybe, but it's really minimal. So again, not expecting much of an impact here to the extent it plays out. Now I refer back to the previous question, where I think the states are quite amenable to revisiting it. On your first question, are we fairly even distributed on our Marketplace? Yeah. I don't see any real estate density in any outliers of one state being disproportionately dense. We've got pretty good distribution across our 14 states here.
Mark Keim: Yeah. I'd say a couple of things just building on Joe's thoughts. It's a lower actuarial value product. Sometimes that attracts folks that don't think they're going to use a product but do, the way the rules are set up, the balance on risk adjustment is a whole lot better on gold and silver than it is on bronze. And finally, just at a lower revenue load, it becomes slightly less attractive from a G&A perspective and some of our other operating ratios. You take those things all together, it's more volatile, and we just don't see the margins there.
Mark Keim: So the total of $6 is $4 of new store EPS; $2 of net effective COVID; and there are two other items in there that cancel each other out. There's the implementation costs, which are a bad guy in the current year of $0.65, but go away next year, right? And then, there's also the remaining hit on redetermination of expecting in 2024, which is also $0.65. So those two cancel each other out, you're looking at $4 and $2.
Mark Keim: That's exactly right. So we finished last year at an 88% for the year. Our guidance anticipates an 88.5%, and we don't attribute any specific basis points to a driver. But in general, reversion to the mean flu, RSV, number of different things we could think about in there. Don't forget, we also have some new stores coming along, Iowa, the acquisition of My Choice Wisconsin. In general, just a little bit of conservatism, reversion to the mean, not attributing any basis points specifically to redetermination. But look, we've all had the conversation enough. We're acknowledging that, that's something that's potentially in there. in our reversion to the mean. Now you also mentioned maybe what happens next year. So to the extent any of this starts to manifest it will largely be back-end loaded in the year, just given the way redetermination is going to play out. I think that gives all of us a lot of time to anticipate it but just as much work with our state partners to make sure that rates in the concept of actuarial soundness anticipate the same thing.
Mark Keim: Right. I'll just build on that. So if you think about the $0.65, the way I think about it, about a third of it is IT, sort of a fixed component and about two-thirds of it is staffing, mostly highly variable, right? We have to staff up ahead of day one membership. So that's the way to think about it. It obviously, it comes to us ahead of when we start booking revenue. So I wouldn't say that it goes away specifically. What it does is it goes into the anticipated margin once we run these businesses. We've talked about $3.50 of same-store -- of new store embedded earnings here. That $3.50 is, of course, after operating costs. The reason we have $0.65 is we're not booking revenue yet. So $0.65, one-third, fixed; two-thirds variable, that's the right way to think about it.
Mark Keim: And David, it's Mark. The fact that a number of these states have also led with this thought, unprompted to me is encouraging that will be somewhat proactive here.
