John C. Molina: Thank you, Mario. Hello, everybody. We are pleased with our results today. EPS for the quarter was $0.41, up 8% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $19 million, up 17% over last year, and EBITDA increased by nearly 10% over the same period one year ago. As Mario mentioned, these are the highest levels we've ever achieved for these financial metrics. At the end of the quarter, our enrollment stood at 1.7 million members. Enrollment was up across the majority of our health plans on a sequential basis. The bulk of the enrollment gains were in Texas, where the company began serving new TANF and ABD members in the Jefferson County service area effective September 1 of this year.  Our Medicare enrollment continued to grow steadily and topped 28,000 members during the quarter. Our year-to-date Medicare revenue grew to $282 million, nearly 50% higher than it was one year ago. As a reminder, nearly 80% of our Medicare enrollment is comprised of dual eligibles. Consolidated premium revenues grew 13% to $1.2 billion in the third quarter of 2011 compared to the same period last year due to an 8% increase in membership and a 5% increase in PMPM revenue due to mix shift.  Mario has already spent some time discussing the rates in his remarks and there's no question of the impact that flat to down rates have had on our business. There are also other revenue adjustments we made in the quarter that, while not necessarily one-time in nature, nevertheless can serve to obscure the underlying strong performance we are observing across our health plans. For example, reductions to revenue due to a minimum medical care floor in New Mexico and a private cap in Texas had a negative $5.9 million impact in the third quarter of 2011 compared to a benefit of $2.9 million in the third quarter of 2010. This is an $8.8 million swing in results. In California, the medical care ratio jumped to nearly 89%. As we discussed at our Investor Day, the California plan accrued for the 10% provider rate reduction that the state of California announced in July. If approved by CMS, the provider rate cut and our capitation rate will be retroactive to July 1, 2011. In consideration of these intentions, we made an accrual that resulted in a $7.5 million reduction to revenue during the third quarter without any offset to medical costs. Absent these adjustments, which negatively impacted our financials for the quarter, our results would have been better than the strong performance we recorded today. In light of this challenging revenue environment, it is essential that we aggressively manage our costs. Excluding the Texas health plan, which has seen an increase in costs that we have previously detailed, fee-for-service costs were flat on a PMPM basis. Fee-for-service and capitation costs combined increased approximately 4%. Of note is that hospital utilization decreased approximately 7% year-over-year. General and administrative expenses for the quarter remained flat at 8.5% of revenue, despite the need to invest in preparation for healthcare reform, ICD-10 implementation, and the implementation of a new Enterprise Resource Planning system brought on to help with our growth. You may also recall that at our Investor Day, we announced the rightsizing of our credit facility. As a result of this change, we wrote off approximately $1.1 million in capitalized issuance costs. Cash flow provided by operating activities was $155 million for the 9 months ended September 30, 2011, compared with $9.5 million for the 9 months ended September 30, 2010. The company had cash and investments of $881 million, and the parent company had cash and investments of $54 million. Days in claims payable remained flat sequentially. Our board has authorized a share buyback program of up to $75 million. This is in addition to the $7 million program announced in July of 2011. Finally, we are reaffirming our EPS guidance of $1.55 for the year ended December 31, 2011. This concludes our prepared remarks. As a reminder, if you have multiple questions, we ask that you get back in the queue so that we have time for everyone to have an opportunity to ask questions. Allan, we're now ready to take questions.
John C. Molina: Josh, this is John. The profit cap is based on the product line, and so CHIP's got one. Actually they all have one, but in CHIP our MCR is low enough that we've got to do a rebate, but the other lines of business, it's high.
John C. Molina: Well, if the fee schedule goes into effect as the state of California has planned, that would reduce the medical fee schedule by 10%. To the extent that we had providers that we paid at the higher rate going back to July 1, we would have the ability to go back and recoup the difference between what we pay them and the new fee schedule.
John C. Molina: There are 2 separate processes going on. A prior rate change from several years ago has been contested and worked its way through the courts, and I believe it was heard by the Supreme Court this past month. That relates to who has standing to sue regarding the rates. The current rate year has a proposed 10% rate cut in place and that has been submitted to CMS for approval. The 2 are not at this point connected.
John C. Molina: The board gave us latitude, Tom. Really what triggered it was, for a while, our shares were trading below book value and did not make a lot of sense for us to just have a sitdown at that level. So to the extent that we see that the stock is undervalued, we now have the ability to deploy capital to repurchase those shares.
John C. Molina: Scott, I'm not sure that, in our business, there is one normal cost trend. We've got 10 health plans with 10 different things happening in each of them. So realistically, we don't look at what the future cost trends may be. What we've got to do is manage within the budget that the state gives us.
John C. Molina: No, I don't want to generalize it. I mean, what you saw as an example, our rate in Florida ended up being 7.5% because of where our population is distributed in that state relative to the state as a whole, which I think the state gave out rates that were basically flat, but because of where we were in the cost in those particular submarkets of Florida, we were able to get a higher rate increase.
John C. Molina: We certainly shared our data with the Medicaid agency at the state of Wisconsin, but at this point they haven't given us final rates.
John C. Molina: The challenge, Tom, is what's that -- your initial math is right, 7.5 and 7.5. The challenge is what's the percentage that we can get back, and the real issue for us is California tends to have more IPAs and so those contracts need to be negotiated one-on-one. And then I believe that inpatient and pharmacy are also going to be a challenge. I think inpatient may be excluded from that rate cut, and there's something about pharmacy to where it can or can't be adjusted. That's why we haven't done it. I'm just trying to be conservative until the rates actually come out. We certainly can't tell with the providers now.
John C. Molina: We look at it whichever purchase is going to get us the best, ultimately, the best use of our capital. We have repurchased the convert before and we have repurchased stock.
Joseph Mario Molina: Sam, this is Mario. No, we're not going to break it out by market. Suffice it to say, we saw a 7% decrease year-to-date as compared to last year, and that from the second to the third quarter, hospital utilization was flat.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I think we talked about what the changes were for pharmacy, physician and outpatient, so I don't think there's anything more remarkable beyond what we described in the release.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, Charles, we don't break it out that way. What we have said and maintain is that we are looking at $1.55 for the year.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I think we talked a lot about that at the Investor Day back on September 15, so I would refer you back to our discussions of the new and expanded markets that we talked about, especially in Texas. There will be some additional incremental admin costs, but since we're already operating in Texas, for example, it's not going to be large.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, we're not prepared to talk about 2012 guidance at this time, so it would probably have to wait until after the first of the year.
Joseph Mario Molina: It's certainly possible, Tom. It all depends on what happens with CMS in the state, but this is our best estimate based on what they've told us and what the revenue is going to look like.
Joseph Mario Molina: And -- this is Mario. Let me just add, states have the ability to influence cost trends. A good example is what's happening in California where they are decreasing rates to providers, and this is not uncommon in the Medicaid program for states to make adjustments to the benefits or to the payments they make to providers, and that influences what our medical cost trend will be. And that's really beyond our control. That's set by the states.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes. This is Mario again. The rates must be actuarially sound, and so each state must look at the rates independently based on the experience and come up with an actuarially sound rate, and they do it typically in rate sales. So it may vary from geographic region to geographic region, it may vary depending on the 8 code [ph] of the beneficiaries. So it's a complex thing and it's very difficult to generalize a single number. I mean, I think you can look back over the years and probably come up with some numbers, but again, it's a mosaic. It's lots of little pieces that get blended together to come up with the final number.
Joseph Mario Molina: That's probably right, Tom. It's just a question of what are the final rates going to be, how much of this fee-for-service cut can we pass on to the providers, how much we will be able to recoup. I think to the extent that we're paying people off the Medicaid fee schedule, recoupment shouldn't be a big problem, but as John points out, a lot of our physician payments in California are tied to capitation rates. So...
Joseph Mario Molina: There's definitely some upside that we're not taking into account right now, but we don't know how much. I wouldn't expect it to be huge number.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I just want first of all to thank all the employees. This has been a very challenging year from a rate standpoint, and the team has pulled together and done a great job of managing our medical costs and at the same time holding down the admin costs. We've managed to improve our status in terms of NCQA accreditation, so I just want to thank everyone who's really pulled together to make this year-to-date successful. I also want to remind everyone that we will be out in New York again for Investor Day in January. So we look forward to seeing you there, and that concludes our presentation. Thank you.
