Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Josh, I’ll start and then I’ll kick it to Mark for some color. First of all, the rate cycle in terms of the – our portfolio of states and how the rate cycles emerge actually couldn’t be better positioned for how the redetermination process is going to unfold. 25% of our revenue has rates that renew between April and July, another 25% in the early fall and 50% on January 1, which gives us good opportunity to have great visibility into any potential impact of redeterminations and engage in those discussions with the state, which are already occurring. Now as you know, and I’ll note the impact of acuity shifts is a normal rating criteria. Rating criteria includes a credible medical cost baseline, a trend off the baseline, benefit changes, plus or minus, and any potential acuity shift. So the fact that there’s an acuity shift that’s speculated to occur is actually part of the dialogue we’re already having in the states. Now only a handful of states actually implemented rates between April and July. And I’ll hand it over to Mark and he can give you some color on how those discussions went.
Joe Zubretsky: And Justin, the last thing I would say on the topic, the return to mid-single-digit margins is really a result of that disciplined strategy that has worked and was executed perfectly for the year, 6% pretax for the full year not because of accounting adjustments, but because of the pricing discipline and the positioning of the book. Thank you.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, I think on the first part of your question, first of all, state mix is really important. As we said in our prepared remarks, some states moved very aggressively initially, some states more cautiously. Some states, even – three of our states pause to let the administrative processes catch up with the flow of work. So I think state mix is really, really important as you judge any one company or any one state against sort of the market average. But we have seen nothing in the process that is outside of our expectations as we said. In terms of experience, we believe that a member will be reminded that they need to be on Medicaid if and when they have to go to the doctor or the emergency room or for some procedure. And as Mark said, maybe they’ll come back with a claim, but they’ll also come back with three or four months of retro premium. And that means the reversion to the mean to the portfolio average MCR is supported by that thesis.
Joe Zubretsky: No, that comment did not relate to the properties that we acquired – the properties we acquired will carry with it the amount of regulatory capital needed to run the plan. They are underperforming on margin, but really good line of sight to membership and revenue. That comment was really to state that the ongoing, going concern in the financial solvency of the parent company would obviously be critical to their ability to close the transaction. That’s all that referred to. The properties have intact revenue and will be delivered with the required amount of capital.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. I’ll comment on the Bright acquisition first, and then we’ll comment about the marketplace. This is the first Medicare acquisition we’ve done. And Medicare, as works on an annual cycle for star ratings, for risk adjustment for rates, et cetera. The business had its own profit improvement plan in place. So the answer to your question is unknown at the time. How much profit improvement will that business have during the period time to close, we don’t know. We are still confident that whatever is delivered to us at the time of closing, we will be able to get that to our target margins by the end of the second year. So when we said no earnings contribution early because we don’t know exactly what the financial status, the margin status of the plan that will be delivered to us will be at the time of closing. So breakeven initially a minimum, and then we’ll build a target margin in a two year period, and we’re very confident in the $1 estimate that we’ve given you.
Joe Zubretsky: And just as a reminder, our membership forecast do not include the retention of Medicaid membership losses into our marketplace product. We didn’t have a good estimate of what that would look like. We still don’t – that would be upside to our membership projection.
Joe Zubretsky: So Scott, our position on margin versus growth for Marketplace has not changed. We will position the business to earn mid-single-digit target margins and then allow it to grow at whatever rate can produce those margins, small, silver and stable. Now we’ve just put out a revenue estimate for next year an outlook of $38 billion or 19% growth year-over-year, which includes only a modest amount, a moderate amount of projected growth in Marketplace. So we do plan to allocate more capital to Marketplace next year, but the growth we anticipate by the prices we filed will be measured and moderate. We actually don’t need to allocate more capital to Marketplace in order to produce high-teens growth rates in the business, 19% premium growth year-over-year with only modest and moderate growth in Marketplace since Medicaid is doing so well.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. For 2024, first of all, we are – we believe we were conservative in our trend estimates that we included in our Medicare bids for 2024. Second point is, recall, only about half our business actually relies on the Medicare bidding process. The other half is the MMP business, where we get rates that are not tied to that process. When it comes to star ratings and risk adjustment and all those other features and factors, again, the fact that we’re in the half of the business is MNP is helpful to that process. And when it comes to stars, we have plenty of value-added benefits, the actuarial value of value-added benefits is significant as it is with competitors. So we believe that we can maintain margins by pulling back some of the ancillary benefits still have a very competitively priced product and a very competitively positioned product from a benefit perspective to continue to grow the business.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, Sarah, I don’t think we’re going to comment on any particular state, but we – our protocols that we started building a year ago on member outreach and every state was different. Some states allowed significant involvement from MCOs, some states less so. Some states allow you to actually help the member reestablish eligibility by filling out forms. Some states didn’t. Now as you know, CMS has stepped in and sort of suggested through policy statements that states should allow MCOs to be more involved in the reverification process. So I assure you that we are locked in to every single state in which we do business with the state regulatory authorities and are working hand in glove with them to make sure that everybody that should be on Medicaid is and people that shouldn’t be thrown off Medicaid aren’t. State by state. And yes, it has had an impact on our outreach efforts and gives us really good line of sight and good visibility into the fact that if a member should be on Medicaid, we’re pretty confident between the state’s efforts and our efforts that we’ll be able to keep them in the system.
Joe Zubretsky: Without getting into specifics, I will answer the question this way. Our due diligence process through a clean room process allowed us visibility into their bid through an independent third party. And we are confident that the transparency that was provided in that process gives us confidence that the bid was rational, included all trend factors that should be included in a bid. And as I said, their profit improvement plan is going to be the key factor. How much of that profit improvement did they actually achieve between sign and close in terms of what we inherit is actually going to determine whether – what the bet earnings picture looks like at the point of closing.
Joe Zubretsky: It’s really hard to say. First of all, our Medicare book, the profile of it is vastly different than many of the other books of business. This is not mainstream MAPD. This is high acuity, D-SNP and the demonstrations, which are the fully integrated Medicare and Medicaid product. So the population is vastly different. Look, our trends in the quarter were very simple to understand, 3% in Medicaid, 6% in Medicare, 7.5% in Marketplace. All well within expectations. And I would just say that the mix of the book of business and the profile of the book of business better said, is probably reasons for some of the differential as competitors report their results.
Joe Zubretsky: I don’t think there’s any discernible answer to that. The 81% of our book of business is Medicaid. The trend is behaving exactly within our expectations. And why one is behaving slightly hotter or more warm than the other, it’s hard to tell.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, the process – again, it’s early. The process is in full gear. We have robust distribution channels internally, call center employees or licensed agents who know how to do this, and the warm transfer process is enacted and in process. All we’re saying is because it’s so early, we have not seen a huge uptick in the number of marketplace members we’re getting out of Medicaid. We track what we obtain in marketplace out of our own Medicaid plans, but we also track what we get in the marketplace from other Medicaid plans. And because it’s drilling the process, all we’re saying is that monthly figure has not increased dramatically, but we expect it will as this process gets more traction.
Joe Zubretsky: Yes. Right now, I think the way to look at it is Medicare doesn’t pay for off-label uses. And when it comes to the individual states, some do allow it for weight control and many don’t. But as they contemplate it, it’s a rate discussion. My view is there’s no medical cost that is inappropriate. If there’s a medical cost or a benefit that’s included in the program as long as it’s rated for that’s fine. So the trend in these prescriptions is well known and well documented. Some states already included in their formularies, others don’t. And when that conversation comes up, then it’s a conversation between actuaries in terms of the pharmacy component of the rate and whether it covers the $12,000 a year that it’s going to cost to dispense one of these prescriptions.
Joe Zubretsky: Yes. No, I understand. We’re not going to begin to publish sort of the percentage of actuarial value of the product that’s represented by ancillary benefits. But it’s significant. Our products are very competitive. With all the types of benefits, vision, dental, those cash card benefits, travel benefits, gym memberships, all those things are included in the product. And our competitive intelligence and analysis suggests that we can have a zero premium product with competitive benefits if and when our star ratings aren’t necessarily benchmarked with the rest of the market. We’re not going to size that, but we’re pretty confident that we can pull in benefits marginally, still have a very, very robust product in respect to ancillary benefits and still be competitive.
Mark Keim: Hey, good morning Josh, so in July, we had five states representing about 10% of our revenue move into a new pricing cycle. About half of those states led with a proactive concession for what’s going on with redetermination. The other half said, gee [ph], we have no data yet. But as data develops, we will either retro or mid-cycle make an adjustment. I think the overarching theme here, it is still so early, even here in late July to be looking at data-driven conclusions on redetermination. So all states have made the commitment that rates will be actuarially sound. And just about all states have said that mid-cycle, they’ll make a mid-cycle adjustment or a retro adjustment to do a catch up if needed. And of course, we’re in there talking with states that on normal rate cycles, we’re getting things proactively where we need it. The other part of your question, our accounting policies require that we have specific documentation on rates – so we’ll book them as they actually get confirmed by the states.
Mark Keim: Sure. I saw some analysts right on this topic. And some of them, we’re throwing around some pretty big numbers as much as $66 million in positive development of December 31. Just on risk adjustment. And what those analysts miss is that about half of that benefit a little more is tied up in margins. For those of you that follow the accounting, when we hang up an actuarial liability for risk adjustment, we try to identify the liability, but we also book a margin associated with it in case we’re wrong.  More to the point, we also book a margin for risk adjustment data validation or RADV. So that $66 potential benefit that folks were looking at is roughly cut in half, a little bit more than cut in half just by the retention of margins that don’t fall to the bottom line. So then you’re working with a little bit less than half of that. The other thing is, as these risk adjustment liabilities ultimately emerge, most of you are aware that a service called Wakeley [ph], which anonymously combines the inputs from everybody so that we can all get some insights as we move along. As a result, quarter-to-quarter, we’re accruing and getting pretty dialed in on the ultimate liability. So this big number we’re potentially talking about more than cut and half, and largely recognized in first quarter with a little bit in the second quarter. The only other thing I’d say on the topic is this is normal development of risk adjustment kind of like IBNR, you always book it, but you expect it to roll off slightly favorable. So I wouldn’t call this necessarily an anomaly, but it is spread between the first and second quarter, and it’s in our numbers.
Mark Keim: Joe’s got it right. Half of the portfolio is in cash, we made close to 5% on that cash in the second quarter. Now if anybody’s guess what the Fed does here. But our balance sheet is obviously very responsive to changes in Fed short-term rates. So 5% of that cash in the second quarter, but it’s anybody’s guess where these rates go third and fourth quarter. And as Joe mentioned, I’m also forecasting a slight decline in cash balance as we pay out some payables and some other true-ups on our balance sheet. 
Mark Keim: Absolutely. So, ex parte, 20% to 70% of folks reviewed, just to be clear, that’s in advance of any loss of membership. It’s obviously a way to avoid folks losing their eligibility. There’s a few resources out there that have published views on this 40% of members when they go through eligibility verification, are losing their eligibility. 60% are retaining eligibility. It’s estimated that 50% of the 60% that retain get it through ex parte. So it’s obviously very powerful, and CMS is encouraging states to step it up and do more ex parte.  Finally, as Joe mentioned, with two-thirds of the folks losing eligibility due to procedural reasons, this reconnects is really important. States are giving between 90 and 120 days for folks that lose eligibility to become aware of it, refile and get back on rolls. And if they do it within 90 to 120 days, their eligibility goes retro to the day they lost it. So we cover any claims in the interim, but also the premium for us goes retro back to the day they lost their eligibility. So very powerful on these reconnects. It’s too early here in July for us to really see good data on reconnects. Most of our markets started in June, which means reconnects will just start coming in the next month or two, but a really powerful part of these enrollments.
Mark Keim: Yes. Just to add to that, levers are slightly lower on MLR. We’re expecting a lot of reconnects. How will reconnects come back on MLR? Well, there’s a theory out there that reconnects many of them will only become aware of their need to reconnect because they have another claim or another doc visit, which means when they’re coming back on, they may come with a claim but they were also likely to come with two to three months of premium revenue. So I’m expecting pretty much a reversion to our mean as we see these reconnects and not a lot of volatility there.
Mark Keim: A.J., the only other thing I’d add is so many of our members are associated with family members and the incidence of one family member over the first couple of months needing medical care of some kind is high, which means the whole family gets renewed. So that’s really a helpful fact as we think about these reconnects.
Mark Keim: On the marketplace question, you’ll appreciate with special enrollment period, we’re constantly picking up members month-to-month. That’s a pretty routine phenomenon here. What will be different going forward is we’ll start to pick up people that came off the Medicaid roles. Now we’ve got good visibility in special enrollment period, month-to-month, who’s coming in from Medicaid. Who’s coming in from our Medicaid plans, who’s coming in from other Medicaid plans, those numbers are still quite de minimis. Within our special enrollment period gains. But I would expect them to pick up dramatically in the months ahead. Remember, June is still the first month that most folks came off. So July, August, September, I would expect to see the marketplace numbers start to creep up. And we’re able to track those who’s coming from Medicaid and what plans.
Mark Keim: And just to build on that, I feel good that we had a reasonable line of sight into Q2 as we put in our pricing for next year. Scott, just on your question on the rest of 2023, we’re conservative guys within our guidance is mid-to-low 88 [ph] for the rest of the year, and that’s within the guidance we’ve given.
Mark Keim: Well, a couple of things. Those couple of states that we already had rate concessions in the July 1 race. A very small part of our revenue and also done somewhat academically as the data hadn’t developed in those states quite yet. All of that is incorporated in the guidance I’ve given you. But again, such a small component. I think I mentioned five states started their new fiscal year, July 1, representing just 10% of revenue, and the states that gave those concessions were a subset within that. So not really a big deal, but in guidance.
Mark Keim: You got it exactly right. So in general, overall development was favorable. We take great confidence in quarter-after-quarter, our development is favorable. The prior year portion, as you point out, negative by a small amount. Typically, we would expect that to develop positively. But whenever there’s a particular provider contracts settlement or something going on, it can create some noise. But in particular, what happened to this quarter was there’s something some of you may be familiar with California SB 510, which was a specific court ruling that held health plans liable for certain COVID expenses. We’ve recognized that charge as did some of our other competitors this quarter, and that created a little bit of the noise you’re seeing.
Mark Keim: Yes, into next year, specifically around Medicaid MLRs – it will be partly a function of these pricings and rate cycles that we’re having, most of which are in front of us. 50% of our revenue comes up for our January 1 fiscal year. That – those pricing discussions, obviously, actuarial policies require that states recognize anything that goes on with redetermination. And then finally, as Joe mentioned, even into next year, those continuing corridors and minimum MLRs continue to give us great comfort on our projected margins. So not looking at a lot of volatility into next year.
Mark Keim: Yes. Thanks for the question, Kevin. I’m hesitant to give specific numbers because it differs state to state. But the real reason I’m hesitant to give the numbers is two things. One, for the most part, they were done academically, not on data they were done prospectively academically, so means they were guessing no better than all the rest of us were three months ago. So academic prospective. But the bigger point is you might get a specific concession for redetermination. But in the presence of seven or eight adjustments up and down for other reasons, it gets lost co-mingled into the grand scheme of things. We have to come back to the overall concept of actuarial soundness. And if those rates develop in a place that just aren’t appropriate, we’ll be back with our states to make sure that they are.
Mark Keim: I think that’s right to build on that. Remember, two-thirds of these folks that are coming off are procedural, which means they don’t even know that they’re losing coverage. When they do, they’ll either come back on to Medicaid or what a great chance to get them on the Marketplace.
Mark Keim: The only other thing I’d add, George, is when we think about benefit design, there are a number of items which for a competitive shopper are must-have. And there’s a bunch of other things, which are part of the benefit load that are nice to have but don’t necessarily influence the buying decision. You can imagine how we’re thinking about changing benefit design. But we and our decisions probably won’t be much different than the broader markets. So I’m expecting a pretty even competitive dynamic next year.
