John C. Molina: Josh, let me answer the first part of your question regarding capital needs. There is no need for us to go out and raise capital. However, I think, as we saw, frankly, when we had the $1 million hit because of the interest rate swap that we put on this building, interest rates continued to be all-time lows. So while there may not be a need, we're certainly looking at it as the time to get the cash because as the company grows, inevitably, there will be some need either for additional acquisitions or to fund especially the growth coming from the Duals.
John C. Molina: So Ken, getting back to your question about the $14 million loss was pretty much the same each of the 3 months of the quarter.
John C. Molina: And Josh, let me add one other very important point. And that is with Texas and, to a lesser extent, Wisconsin, our troubles are primarily rate related. And when we look at it, the Duals in California, for example, the governor, in his budget proposal, put out the expectation that dual savings would amount to 3%, I think, after the third year. CMS also has put out some expectations where they believe the savings will be 1% or 2%. In Hidalgo, the state expected the STAR+ would be 20% day one and that's comprised of various components, but they expected a 30% decrease in the long-term care services from day one. We had an 11% decrease in the Wisconsin plan effective last year. So we don't think that the pricing problems that we've run into in Texas and Wisconsin are going to be carried over to some of the Duals.
John C. Molina: We are certainly looking at things, like variable comp, and reducing it in order to help meet our targets.
John C. Molina: Okay. We have, essentially, 2 contract types in California. One is a 2-plan model, which would be Riverside and San Bernardino counties and Los Angeles County. And then the GMC Program, which is San Diego and also Sacramento County. In the GMC contract cycle, the rates begin in January 1. In the 2-plan model counties, the rates go into effect October 1. We have not received any written communication on rates from the state so far. So we really don't have anything, and the fellow that's responsible for rates for the state of California is on vacation until August 1. So we don't expect to get anything before then.
John C. Molina: Sarah, this is John. Let me follow up on that. That's another rate-related issue that we really didn't highlight because the fix is longer-term. But when Terry talks about getting people on the right program, the state assumes a certain split of membership into what they call the waiver versus non-waiver programs. We did not get that same level of enrollment. So when they created the rates, they assumed x percent of our patients will be waiver and y percent will be non-waiver. That pricing difference to us really cost us. The cost being soft. Really resulted in $2 million of less revenue than what the state expected us to get. So that also added onto our problems in Q2.
John C. Molina: We're hoping that it's not going to be a pattern that recurs because I think the state has seen how their rate setting has affected the plans. In fact, one of our competitors is exiting a couple of regions with a significant population because they couldn't get the rates that they wanted and the state's struggling to find other folks that will sign up, other plans that would sign up. So we have had a lot of discussions with the state. It's a small state and because of that, there's a lot of volatility in the medical costs. And so it was at this time that we looked out, and what we expected the future to be for this rate year, and decided to take the premium deficiency reserve.
John C. Molina: I think the first step is let's get it to breakeven and we've laid out that plan. The second thing that we know is utilization changes tend to take longer than changing contracts. So Mario talked about some of the utilization initiatives that we've undertaken on the acute care side. It's going to take us longer to get utilization down on a long-term care side. In addition, I talked about the revenue adjustments based on getting more people from one program to another, assuming that they qualify, but the state data suggests that we have an imbalance there. And I think that the utilization changes that we're implementing will have a long-term positive effect and bring us above breakeven, but to what extent we can bake those in by the end of the year, we don't know, which is why we've left guidance where we have.
John C. Molina: I also think that one of the things that will help when we eventually get the full funding for the Duals is being able to manage the Medicare portion. We're not getting the Medicare premiums, and frankly, we have done a pretty good job in the past of managing acute medical services, both for Medicaid and Medicare. So as we get more revenue on the acute side service, when we get the full revenues stream [ph] from the Duals, I think that would help us well.
John C. Molina: We have $170 million revolver. We've withdrawn $50 million of that as noted in the press release. The remainder would be free.
John C. Molina: Brian, I know you guys can't model and we withdrew that kind of guidance, so we can't give it to you. I think we've given you the inputs on what we think is going to be onetime. And where our plan is to get back, largely in Texas, to profitability. But beyond that, we really can't comment.
John C. Molina: I do want to just jump in here and remind everybody that in addition to L.A. and San Diego, in this latest budget there, the state of California has included San Bernardino and Riverside. So we are in the 3 most populous counties or 4 of the 8 most populous counties that will participate.
John C. Molina: Carl, this is John. Let me go back. Recall last year the state put in some rate decreases, the providers protested, some of the advocates protested, and that has gone up to the Supreme Court and then back down. We booked our revenue as though the provider rate decreases were intact. So we have a liability. If the state came back and said that they were not going to take -- they were not going to change the provider rates, then theoretically, our rates, on a retroactive basis, would go up and we would be able to book that. We have not heard that, that is within their plan right now. Maybe what WellPoint is talking about is a good sign for us.
Joseph Mario Molina: We don't know what the reason is, and we don't know what the MLR is. We just got a preliminary report from the state. And frankly, given the dynamics, there's 3 very good plans in Hidalgo. It makes sense that over time, enrollment would even out.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, first off, let me clarify the continuity of care provisions. There is a mixture of continuity of care provisions. The continuity of care provisions for acute services is 90 days. But the majority of our problem is not with acute care services, it's with the long-term care services. The continuity of care provisions for long-term care services is 6 months. So we have to honor the state's prior authorized services for 6 months or until we can get in and reassess the patients ourselves. And we are undertaking that, but it is a difficult task because it takes a nurse going into the home and filling out a complex form. We can probably get 1 or 2 of those done per nurse, per day. So that's not a quick turnaround. And while we are prior authorizing things like in-patient stays, that's not where the real cost problem lies.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, Josh, this is Mario. I'm not sure that's really an option. The expansion in California involves the existing health plans. And since we are an existing contractor, we're going to have to meet that. We have already responded to the RFP in Ohio. The good news there is that the regions where we came in first are the same regions where we currently have our operations. So we feel pretty comfortable about that since it doesn't involve new service areas. Remember that we went to a new service area in Hidalgo where we had no experience.
Joseph Mario Molina: I think that's a great question, Josh. And here, I think, is one of the differences. In California, we are operating in the existing markets. We do have data on the Medicare side. So we do have better, I think, utilization data. When we look at Texas, specifically in Hidalgo, the state gave us no utilization data despite our asking for it. They simply gave us a PMPM. So we made our estimates based on what was happening in the rest of the state in the markets that we had already been serving. And what we saw was the utilization, the number of beneficiaries utilizing long-term care service is -- in our other markets, range from 11% on the low end to 20% on the high end. So when we look into the rates adequate, we thought they would be assuming that the same percentage of people in Hidalgo were using it in other areas, which led us to believe that it was really a overutilization of services. What we found once we got in there, was that 60% of the people in Hidalgo are utilizing long-term care services. It’s a much different issue that we have to tackle because we have to go out now on every one of those people and do a home visit. So you are absolutely right that data -- our ability to see data, our ability to analyze the data will be critical, and in each of our discussions with the states, that's what we've been talking to them about. We have experiencing in California. Ohio, we're fortunate that they have probably the best rate setting experience of any state we're in there, totally transparent. And then in Michigan, which is another duals state that we're looking at, we currently have experienced because the state enrolled the Duals into Medicaid Health Plans for their Medicaid non-long-term care benefits. So again, it's we're getting actual experience which I think will help us.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, first of all -- this is Mario. The patients that we're recovering under long-term care are not institutionalized. So these are patients receiving community-based, long-term care services. And we must ensure continuation of prior authorized services for up to 6 months after the operational start date or until we've conducted a new assessment and new authorizations are issued. So as John points out, a lot of this is going into the home and doing a reassessment. But for the problem service, which is long-term care services, the period is 6 months, not 90 days. We are prior authorizing all the services that we have the ability to prior authorize. And we have been doing that since Day 1. For example, in-patient acute stays [ph]. That's something that we have been able to deal with. But the real problem are these in-home health services and there is a 6-month continuity care provision in the contract.
Joseph Mario Molina: That's correct. And the problem is not the new services, the problem is the services that we inherited from the state. As John pointed out, about 18% of the beneficiaries in the STAR+ program in other regions of the state are receiving these services. It's close to 60% in the Hidalgo service area. So it's more than 3x the utilization rate that it is in other parts of the state.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I would say yes and no. Are we aware of any aggressive provider behavior? No. Do we believe that the Hidalgo service area is an outlier compared to the rest of the state? And the answer would be clearly, yes.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, the revenue breakdown -- I think, what you're saying is the PMPM premium rates, they're similar in both programs. They're just slightly different in terms of how the state does the contracts and when they deliver the rates to us. About 70% of our members are in 2 plan.
Joseph Mario Molina: Hi, Scott, this is Mario. We don't break out reporting at that level. Suffice it to say, the primary problem that we have in Texas is with the STAR+ members in the Hidalgo and the El Paso service area.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, clearly we had problems when we first got into the Dallas STAR+ market; I think things there have stabilized. But one of the big differences is 18% of the STAR+ patients in the Dallas service area are receiving personal attendant services. 58% of the patients in the Hidalgo service area are receiving these same services. So it's really an apples-and-oranges comparison. The utilization is markedly different.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario, again. It's on a rolling basis. There was one large hospital recontracting effort that was completed in June. There's another one that is underway but we terminated that hospital system, and that will take about 2 more months before we see the results of that. There were a number of other contract changes that went into effect July 15. So they're being phased in over time but many of them are already in place.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. One of the things that we're learning about with the ABDs and the Duals is that while they're also high utilized as medical services, they also drive up the admin cost a little bit. For example, we know that they use telephone advice lines about 5x more than the TANF members and the calls are markedly longer. So we just have more people spending more time on the phone with those members. Also, they generate a lot more claims. And so it's creating additional work in the claims systems. So there is some ramp up with the ABDs and the Duals that will come on the admin side as well.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. First of all, I want to thank you and everybody else on call for your patience. This is a very difficult task because, as John pointed out, the problems are not unit cost related as much as they are utilization. A lot of this is in the long-term care service area where we have to go in and reevaluate people on a member-by-member basis. And you're talking about tens of thousands of members that are eligible for these services. There are other things that we will do, and we've sort of outlined some of the major things that we're doing to get us back to a breakeven point. We do have the rate increase coming September 1. We're looking at other services as well. And I think that, over the long term, that's where the final difference will be made. Things like in-patient hospital services, laboratory services, physical therapy, but the major thrust for us right now is to bring down the costs on the personal attendants services and that means doing a lot of reassessments. And as John also mentioned, we have been told by the state to expect to lose about 8,000 of these STAR+ members in August. I think Centene mentioned on their call they're picking up about 5,000. So certainly some of the patients are being redistributed from Molina to the other health plans. That will lighten our load a little bit, but it's going to put a greater strain on other health plans. We're going to have to go in and do the same kinds of one-on-one in-home evaluations.
Joseph Mario Molina: Peter, I don't want to beat this too much but recall we do believe that the initiatives that we've got in place, plus the rate increase, will allow us to get to breakeven by year end. So that's still a pretty short timeframe to get back to breakeven. And then some of the longer-term initiatives hopefully will start gaining traction, but they’ll carry us through to 2013.
Joseph Mario Molina: Sure, that's a good observation. I think if you look back historically, when we have the data available, we typically run positive prior period development. So our expectation, now that we have 4 months worth of data in the new service areas and the new benefits, is that we are adequately reserved, and we should start to see positive prior period development next quarter as has been our history.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes. I would just say this. I think the -- part of the problem in Texas -- this is Mario again -- was a mismatch between the actuaries and the policy people. So I think the actuaries made certain assumptions, and the policy people made certain decisions and they weren't in concert. I would be careful about extrapolating too much from Texas. I think that this is an important state and I think that the other states are watching this and they’re learning from this. CMS has come out with some guidelines where they're expecting savings on the Duals to be 1% to maybe 5% over the period of 3 years. State of California has mentioned that they think that in their initiatives here in California, they're talking 3% to 6% over 3 years. So I think people are being -- are watching what's happened in Texas and learning from it.
Joseph Mario Molina: Brian, there are lots and lots of nurses on the ground doing these things. This has been probably our single highest priority in Texas and we began this shortly after the go-live date. I mean, we were initially surprised that we got more members than we had anticipated. We are -- so -- but we didn't -- so we saw this coming, we just didn't see it coming to the magnitude that we did. And as Terry points out, you have to have trained nurses, it's not just any nurse.
Joseph Mario Molina: I'm not going to estimate how many evaluations we're going to be doing on a daily or weekly basis. Suffice it to say, we recognize the problem. We're putting as many resources on this as we can. And it's just going to take some time.
Joseph Mario Molina: Carl, a lot of that is baked in; that's why admin costs are running higher right now, because we're preparing for the Duals that are going to come we think second quarter of 2013 in California. It's not an RBC state, it's a little bit different so we do have to make sure that we're going to have adequate reserves, but the formula is a little bit different than it is in other states. Suffice it to say Terry, Lisa Rubino, who is the Regional Vice President, and Richard Chambers, who is our current California President, are working very diligently to prepare us for that.
Joseph Mario Molina: We don't have a lot of new information yet, Carl. And the reason I say that is that right now, the state is still negotiating with CMS over the parameters of the plan. So until they finish their negotiations, we're not going to get to the details of how the plan will roll out, or what the rates are going to be.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your patience in getting through all those calls. I want to remind you that we have our Investor Day coming up in September and invite you to attend that. We'll have more color on Texas, I'm sure, at that point. And well, this has been a difficult quarter. We're not happy with the results. I think in the long run, we're well-positioned. We're gaining a lot of experience with the ABDs and the Duals. We're in markets where we're going to see a lot of growth, even without any kind of Medicaid expansion in the Affordable Care Act. So we have an optimistic outlook on the future. So we'll see you at Investor Day.
Terry P. Bayer: Sarah, its Terry Bayer. First of all, I recognize that there's a certification -- a RN certification that's required for the nurses. So it isn't just any nurse on some of the assessments that have to do with determining which program a patient should be participating in. So it's not as simple as just adding bodies. We are sending out some of the services. We are pulling resources from other parts of the state. And we're doing what we can to get these folks reassessed as quickly as we can. The reassessments, I think back to the earlier comment, these are about determining whether the services are appropriate. And it's really about matching the hours that are assigned with that patient's needs. And secondarily, being certain that they are in the proper program, and by being in the right program, there are funding differences. So the assessments become very important.
Terry P. Bayer: Sarah, its Terry. The only comment I have is sometimes changes to an MMIS vendor are tied to service changes, so the state takes back things and then the MMIS vendor isn't required to do it anymore. So there are adjustments that are occurring but it is generally by either claims processing or authorization programs or other things that the vendor does on behalf of the state. And I do know, Louisiana is under an effort to really contain its costs, and is looking to take back some smaller functionality. But then we would reduce our cost as a vendor. We wouldn't have the same obligations. As far as the past-through aspect of that, I don't have any information.
Terry P. Bayer: Sure. This is Terry. Just to clarify for everyone. I think we announced Craig Bass, who was the President of our Michigan health plan, was one of our strongest presidents, showed interest in going back to Texas where we had actually recruited him from. And he was able to step up and become our new plan president in Texas. Our changes in Michigan were driven by asking Craig, and his agreeing to take the lead where he's been able to move forward with all of the plans in place. Now, again we were fortunate. We were able to move our health plan president from Wisconsin over to Michigan. This is an individual, Stephen Harris, who has been with us for a number of years. A native of Michigan. And where just that plan is continuing, he was -- it was a very smooth transition. And we'll be announcing a replacement for Wisconsin, shortly.
Terry P. Bayer: This is Terry. For New Mexico, it's always -- we're just relying on latest information we have from the state is it will be out in the fall, so we expect it quite soon. And no other information any other re-procurements of our existing business in the short term.
Joseph W. White: This is Joe, speaking. Of course, we intend to get Texas to profitability. But to your first question, there is no profit margin that goes into our Management Service fees. They are priced at cost.
Joseph W. White: Yes. It's Joe speaking. It was -- we normally don't delve into components but they certainly -- the Medicare lies [ph] were a bit expensive in second quarter. We also had a higher hospital utilization for the quarter. I don't think it was anything out of the -- it wasn't welcomed but I don't think it was anything representing a serious trend.
Joseph W. White: Well, the enrollment has definitely come in a little higher than anticipated. We initially projected some losses in enrollment. Beyond that, I wouldn't draw too many conclusions. In terms of competitive position, I think that we have been in that state for many years, and have very strong networks and deep provider relationships. And that's what's, I think, been most helpful to us.
