Joseph Mario Molina: Thank you, Juan José. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our discussion today. We had a good second quarter. We had revenue growth of 8%, a medical care ratio that declined 830 basis points and net income from continuing operations that increased to $16 million, up from a net loss of $33 million this period last year. While the highlights for this quarter was the year-over-year improvement in Texas, we have also benefited from improved operational performance at most of our health plans. In fact, the medical margin improved at all of our health plans except for California. John will talk in more detail about our financial results during his remarks. For now, let's focus on growth. We were pleased that the budget signed by California Governor Brown included funding to expand Medicaid coverage to more than $1 million low-income people in California. The expansion is anticipated to begin in January of 2014 and as part of the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. Funding the expansion confirms California's commitment to expanding Medicaid, as well as Molina's opportunity for additional enrollment growth. We see another opportunity for growth at our New Mexico health plan as we assume Lovelace Community Health Plan's contract for the New Mexico Medicaid Salud! program. The agreement will facilitate the transition of Lovelace's Medicaid members to the Centennial Care Program in New Mexico, a program in which Molina is 1 of 4 participating managed care organizations. The transaction is expected to close August 1, 2013, when Lovelace's Medicaid members will become members of Molina Healthcare. The Centennial Care program is the new name for New Mexico's Medicaid program beginning January 1, 2014, and will provide health care to about 735,000 New Mexico residents. Lovelace currently serves approximately 84,000 Medicaid members, while Molina's enrollment in the state this quarter was 92,000. Next, I would like to take a moment to talk about the latest information we have regarding the Dual Eligible programs in California, Illinois and Ohio. You're probably aware there are often delays associated with the implementation of new contracts or programs. These delays are common. And as we have seen across various state Medicaid programs, the implementation dates are always subject to change. In California, the Dual Eligible demonstration program will now begin sometime on or after January 1, 2014. In Illinois, the implementation for the Duals contract is January 1, 2014. In Ohio, the Duals contract will start voluntary enrollment on March 1, 2014. We continue to make preparations to be ready to provide care for our future Dual Eligible members. Preparations are also underway for additional expected future growth in California. In May, Covered California selected Molina Healthcare as 1 of 13 health plans that will participate in the state's new health benefit exchange program. Molina Healthcare will participate in 4 counties where we currently operate as a health plan: Los Angeles, San Diego, Riverside and San Bernardino. Our offering of marketplace plans is competitive in pricing and supported by a strong provider network. We look forward to welcoming new members as well as ensuring continuity of care for our existing Medicaid members in the event that their eligibility changes requiring them to access health care through the marketplace. The second quarter was another positive quarter for Molina Healthcare. Our strategic and operational initiatives at the health plans have been successful, as evidenced by the significant improvement that continued into this second quarter. With half the year now behind us, we are excited about the future and focusing our efforts on the pipeline of upcoming opportunities. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, Sarah, this is Mario. We're pretty happy with where we came out in the pricing. And I think in terms of speculating as to whether it's good or bad or what the enrollment is going to look like, it's really too soon to tell. I mean, I don't think anyone has any idea how this is going to turn out. We can look at what happened in Massachusetts, but for the most part, we really don't have very much information. We're just going to have to see how things turn out.
Joseph Mario Molina: I think part of the problem right now, Josh, is that we've just come through the budget season. And so we've had people on vacation, so we -- discussions have gotten stretched out.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes. This is Mario. We did get invited to negotiate, but we're not going to comment further until those negotiations are completed.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. This is a really nice transaction for us. We have a very high degree of overlap with the Lovelace provider network, including the hospitals. So what we see is a pretty seamless transition for the members, and we think that we should be able to retain a large percentage of the membership and maybe even grow that membership in the back half of the year. So -- and at the same time, there will be some administrative cost savings. So we think this is a pretty good thing for us, it's a good thing for the members, and I think it's a good thing for the state because it promotes continuity of care.
Joseph Mario Molina: We don't think it has a negative relative to the full year guidance, but we do think it will have a slight drag in Q3. But then once we get through the pent-up demand, if any, we hit the latter part of Q3 and Q4 very well.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, we like the California bridge program and we have been enthusiastic about it. But I don't think it's in effect yet, right? This is still something that's being talked about. But we have been promoting this not only in California but in other states as well.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, I think the authorization was for the state to consider it but I don't think they've actually gone forth with implementation yet.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, Ana, this is Mario. We feel very comfortable about this. We think we are very well positioned. We won 3 Duals contracts already, and there are a few more in the pipeline. I also believe that the Medicaid part of this is under -- misunderstood and underestimated. This is really not about managing Medicare patients. The Duals are very different than your typical Medicare beneficiary. And right now, we have a considerable number of Duals, one of the largest populations of Duals under management of any company in the country. So we think we're very well positioned to compete for these patients.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, there are a number of important components. Certainly, decreasing hospital cost is an important component of this. Pharmacy is a large component of this, but so is long-term care. And the long-term care is more than just institutional long-term care. There are a lot of aspects to that as we'd learn from our experiences in Texas. So those I think are things that play into all of this. As far as why California is behind or ahead or which state is ahead or behind, it has a lot to do with factors behind the scenes between the state and between CMS and also the readiness of the state's infrastructure to handle the contracts. So I don't think we can read too much into that, and things can change over time. So I just want to urge everyone to be patient with the rollout of these contracts. They will come. It will take a little longer than we all thought but I think in the end, it's more important to do it right. And I just want to congratulate our staff on the terrific work they have done in getting ready for these contracts. We've got a couple of readiness reviews coming up here at the very near future, and we feel pretty comfortable about our ability to handle these contracts.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I think as John pointed out, the SG&A load in terms of percentage may be a little less than what we've seen on the Medicaid side simply because the premiums are higher. And so I'm not really too worried about the administrative cost load at this point. Okay. Well, thank you, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this call. It's been a good quarter for us, and I just want to mention in closing that the Dodgers are in first place.
John C. Molina: Justin, we're not going to talk about 2014 in terms of membership or revenue or anything like that. We'll do that when we issue 2014 guidance. But we are pleased with where we came out in terms of pricing. We're the second lowest silver plan, which is where we want to be.
John C. Molina: Our position is that in order for the rates to be actuarially sound, we got to have the premium tax covered. And to the extent that there's a difference because it's not tax-deductible, it's got to be grossed out.
John C. Molina: We're having those conversations. We know that there are a number of trade groups that are also writing letters to the Medicaid directors, explaining the issues to them. But as of this time, we have not started rate negotiations relative to the ACA tax.
John C. Molina: I think that for the back half of the year, that will probably be in a stable point. And then as the revenue starts coming in, in 2014, it starts going down. But right now, I would expect the dollar amount spent for the back half of the year to be about what it is for the first half.
John C. Molina: Josh, this is John. I'll just refer you back to the last presentation we did when we talked about this. We haven't seen anything other than the delay that would suggest that those numbers are far off.
John C. Molina: No. Right now, Scott, the data in claims table being flat. Also, we're pretty comfortable with where we are in terms of our reserve range. So we would say that we replenished it.
John C. Molina: We have not quantified -- we're not going to go into that level of detail in terms of the Ohio and the Texas rate increase. The Texas rate increase is effective 9/1. In Ohio, the rate decrease is partially based on changing to the risk adjusters. They reset the risk adjusters back to 1 for the third quarter. I think it was in large part because they want statewide contracts. We had a risk adjustor that was higher than 1, so that is effectively a rate decrease for us.
John C. Molina: I think that the risk adjusters are part and parcel with some of the benefits and some of the medical margin that we talked about. Because the risk adjustor do help keep the premiums higher because we have a population that's perceived to be higher costs. They've done a nice job in provider contracting and utilization management in Ohio, which helps keep the medical care costs down.
John C. Molina: And Kevin, this is John. Just to remind you, as we've seen with a lot of other acquisitions that we've done, there's often pent-up demand in the first couple of months because as 1 contract sort of rolls out, providers are reluctant to provide a lot of services for fear of not getting paid, the patients are concerned of getting into new aspects of care until they get the new health plan, et cetera. So we would not be surprised to see medical care costs for the membership that transitions to Molina be higher than it was historically for a few months, which is why we highlighted that when we talked about our guidance.
John C. Molina: So this is John. So I think the number you scoped out are right. Where it's coming from, I think as we discussed, we got -- 8 of our 9 health plans in the second quarter had higher medical margins in Q2 versus -- Q2 of 2013 versus Q2 of 2012. We did also beat expectations for the first quarter. So underlying performance in the health plans is improving. California continues to be a laggard, but we think that additional efforts in California plus what we expect to be maybe a rate increase in California in Q4 will help improve California's performance. So really it's the underlying performance in all the health plans that's carrying us into the back half of the year with better expectations.
John C. Molina: At this point, what we know is the budget that Mario mentioned past in June did include additional dollars for rate increases for health plans. We've also seen some preliminary numbers from the state, and I believe those preliminary numbers maybe on a county level but not plan specific. So until we actually get through the negotiation and the discussion process with the state of California, we won't know exactly what that rate increase is, but all the signs point to rates going up for California.
John C. Molina: Those are 2 separate questions. At this point, I know that we won't speculate on what our rate will be because there are many factors that go into the final rate development, number 1. Number 2, on the rate negotiation -- the rate settlement negotiations that we've been talking about, Mario's miniseries as it were, I think that, that's a good safety net to have. It beats the alternative of continuing to take the state of California to court. And so if we can reach the appropriate settlement, I think it's the right thing to do for the company.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. There were a couple of issues with just 2 states, California and Wisconsin, paying a month later, presumably as a result of their fiscal year ends. But we collected a bunch of cash in July in those 2 states that we'd have normally collected in June.
Joseph W. White: North of -- I'll have to dig that out and get back to you. It was pretty much a standard monthly payment.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. Parent cash is about $525 million as of June 30. As far as year end, that's a little advance. We're not going to do visibility into that right now.
Terry P. Bayer: This is Terry, Josh. We do know that we won't get all the memberships at once, that it will be phased in as we experienced with the SPD, so it will be rolling in each month. But what we don't know, and I don't think anyone knows, is how many of these Medicare members may choose to opt out. They have the right to opt out. The Medicaid portion would stay with us, but otherwise, we don't know.
Terry P. Bayer: This is Terry Bayer. We're on track. We developed an elaborate plan both for 10/1 when the marketplace enrollment will begin and then 1/1 when we'll begin to serve those members. So our capacity in our health plans is geared up for the care management and network and then the administrative, our build out is occurring according to our plans for the premium billing and collection, et cetera.
Terry P. Bayer: To a degree, de novo, and we'd built on our existing systems and added the new functionality that we needed for the product where it is different from Medicaid.
