Juan José Orellana: Thank you, Donnie. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The purpose of this call is to discuss Molina Healthcare's financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017. The company issued its earnings release reporting these results today after the market closed, and this release is now posted for viewing on our company website. On the call with me today are Joseph White, our Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Bayer, our Chief Operating Officer. After the completion of our prepared remarks, we will open the call to take your questions. If you have multiple questions, we ask that you get back in the queue, so that others can have an opportunity to ask their questions. Our comments today will contain forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. All of our forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to numerous risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially. A description of such risk factors can be found in our earnings release and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-K Annual Report, our Form 10-Q Quarterly Reports, and our Form 8-K Current Reports. These reports can be accessed under the Investor Relations tab of our company website or on the SEC's website. All forward-looking statements made during today's call represent our judgment as of August 2, 2017, and we disclaim any obligation to update such statements, except as required by securities laws. This call is being recorded and a 30-day replay of the conference call will be available at our company's website, molinahealthcare.com. I would now like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer and Interim CEO, Joseph White.
Juan José Orellana: Yeah. I just wanted to make a really brief clarification. We are exiting the ACA Marketplaces in Utah and Wisconsin. We had said Utah and Washington. It's Utah and Wisconsin.
Juan José Orellana: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining. That concludes our call for today, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Joseph W. White: No. The restructuring plan in itself does not pose capital demands for the health plans. The financial performance of some of the health plans, particularly as they relate to Marketplace performance, do indeed create capital demands for the health plans, which we are funding. But the restructuring plan itself does not touch on the capital needs of the health plans. It's funded through the parent. To the second point – I think your second point is, is we believe we're in compliance with all notice requirements in regards to any actions we are taking under the restructuring plan. And we are very closely engaged in discussions with our state partners and letting them what happens. Your third question, I think, was about the nature of staffing reductions we've implemented. I don't think you can say they reach into any specific areas more than others, with a general caveat that most of these reductions are reflecting managers and affect people leaders, individuals higher up in the organization. As part of this effort, we are trying to expand spans of control for managers, which unfortunately is resulting in the exit of a large number of our management personnel.
Joseph W. White: The strategic review initiated very early this year, back in February. I think we're done with the outlines of the plan and the path forward and the setting of savings targets. Of course, there's going to be modifications as we go along. And many of these activities, such as provider re-contracting, vendor re-contracting, will continue well into 2018. But I am confident in saying the plan is fleshed out and is built and is complete in terms of planning and design. Now, again, the operation and the roll-out of the plan will continue through 2018.
Joseph W. White: Right. Sure. I think the most important thing to grasp, Scott, is that the savings we are deriving from the restructuring plan are not going to interfere with our ability to capture or retain any of our Medicaid managed care business. We are not retrenching from Medicaid managed care. We think these savings actually better position us to compete for contracts and better position us to compete particularly as a low-cost provider. I think everything we've seen out of Washington lately, while the developments in Washington are very murky, I think what is becoming crystal clear to everyone is that the open-ended nature of the Medicaid entitlement is coming to a close. And we are going to see more and more efforts by the federal government and the states to reign in Medicaid growth. That can be growth in spending. That can be very good for Molina. There is no doubt that managed care is a documented cost effective way for states and, by extension, the federal government to manage growth in Medicaid spending. We are taking efforts to make sure that we are indeed a low-cost provider and we are there to serve states as a low-cost Medicaid provider. So, in a nutshell, this restructuring effort is a huge benefit to that effort. I'll take your states in order. In regards to Illinois, there's no doubt that the path for the company in Illinois has been a rocky path. We are gratified that the state budget crisis is resolved. We actually received a payment on premium, I think, probably two weeks ago now. So it's good to see the premium money starting to flow. There is no doubt that we've had our challenges from a cost management area there, but we've installed a very capable new management team in that state, and I think they're already making progress in that regard. We're watching it very closely. This quarter they continued to be troubled by provider settlements and claims payments from 2016, but nevertheless, I've been gratified by my engagement with the new management team there. Florida is a situation that's colored by our experience in the Marketplace. When you take that Marketplace experience away, while Florida has not had a great year by any stretch of the imagination, again, we have a very good management team in place there, we have some very good people working there and I remain very optimistic about that health plan, too. We'll have to watch Marketplace in Florida in particular. The increase we're putting forward there is north of 50% when you include the assumption that CSRs won't be funded; around 30% if they're not. I think we're pricing appropriately, but we'll have to watch Florida Marketplace too. In general, that health plan though, I think, is on a sound footing.
Joseph W. White: Sure. Sure. We beat the bushes pretty hard on claims reserves this quarter. We looked very closely at certain states, Illinois being one of them, that were having provider settlement issues. And we've really pushed the staff, the local staff and the corporate staff, to come forward with their best estimates. We emphasized that this constant drip-drip, I think it was probably more than a drip-drip, of old claims coming through and settlements coming through is simply not acceptable. And I think the staff has stepped up and I'm very confident we've got reserves appropriately set.
Joseph W. White: Well, there's no doubt, Chris, that our experience has been – certainly we saw this in the second quarter. Our experience has been some pretty dramatic increases in pharmacy utilization among the Marketplace membership. If you look at the population as a whole compared to other membership groups, they are lower utilizers, particularly on the inpatient side. But, certainly, pharmacy trends have been much higher than we expected this year.
Joseph W. White: Well, the first thing we're looking at is strategic fit. Looking back on our involvement in Wisconsin and Utah, the populations in those states were probably not significant enough to move the needle for the company in a positive way. The cost experience certainly moved it in a negative way. But, frankly, I think the markets there were just so small as to just not offer a lot of upside. So, as we look at other states, we're looking very closely at the degree to which Marketplace can support or is, in some way, advantageous to the Medicaid line of business. I think that would be most critical. But, again, we've got a little more time to decide on this. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're prepared to make hard decisions. There's no doubt performance in Texas has been very nice. Performance in some of the smaller states, Michigan and New Mexico, has been nice. California has been okay. Florida, though, has not been a good market for us. We're going to have to look closely at it.
Joseph W. White: Sure. And I think you're correct. I think you're correct, Sarah. We called out specifically inpatient issues in the four states that are most problematic, higher inpatient costs than we anticipated. We're seeing it in places like neonatal ICU. Pharmacy, while it is most pronounced in trend on the Marketplace product, is also an issue in certain states. So I think, in general, yes, you're correct. We are seeing cost pressure. I would say it is more outside of Marketplace, it is more inpatient than anything else, and there are specific pockets: neonatology, radiology, things like that.
Joseph W. White: To your first question, there are pockets of the company where we will see additional resources directed. So, for example, contract procurement, business development, RFP team, we'll see more resources directed in that area. There may be some aspects of medical management that we will indeed direct more resources to. But I think that will be a reshuffling of resources more than the assignment of new resources. We'll probably beef up our contacting capabilities, both in terms of provider contracting and just basic vendor administrative costs, vendor contracting; we think there's some opportunities there. So there are places in the company where we will see increased resources directed. To your other question, I have not gone back and looked at that scaling lately of $1 billion of revenue to what it compares to G&A lift. I think that got a little bit skewed when we went so deeply into Marketplace, which obviously has a very different administrative cost structure. I will say this though, the savings we anticipate from the restructuring plan, which at the high end are split about 50%-50% between medical and admin; and at the low end, they're probably 65% admin. The restructuring plan has the potential to lower our administrative cost ratio by as much as 100 bps.
Joseph W. White: Well, I'm not sure where your $1.50 from continuing operations, how you derived that, Ana. And it's probably not that. We can probably go into that in a separate call. Pre-tax, our loss was $314 million for the second quarter. The items we called out, which included the Marketplace premium deficiency reserve, were about $330 million. To me, that suggests more or less running at break-even for the quarter at least. But I think what we're essentially finding, and I come back to what I said in my prepared remarks, a lot of the build we've done in this company in 2012, in 2013, into 2014, when we were talking to you all about the way we were spending more money on admin, honestly, I think we placed it in the wrong direction. And I think we were doubling down on existing processes, existing methods of doing things, when we actually needed to just essentially strip down to the fundamentals and rebuild the chassis of the business. That's something we've been spending a lot of time among ourselves and the leadership team and with our consultants over the last six months or so. And I really think there is enough spend in this company to – more than enough spend in this company to manage it very well. I think we simply have to redirect people's energies and redirect people's focus to more productive activities. For example, to be revisiting...
Joseph W. White: Yeah. I mean, well, there is a lot of out-of-period activity, which I think we've closed the door on this quarter. And you look at the impairment, you look at the PDR, which is forward-looking, I think we're running at about break-even for the quarter pure period. But others may have a different opinion.
Joseph W. White: Yeah. And we've been engaging, obviously, with the rating agencies over the last couple of days. They are appropriately asking hard questions. I think they welcome the Restructuring Plan. I think as we've walked representatives of the rating agencies, both of them, through that Restructuring Plan, they understand that the Restructuring Plan has real teeth. There was $55 million of cost take-out last Thursday and that is, obviously, not reflected in these numbers because it was a July event. So we're already $55 million down the path to that $200 million we've committed to for the full year. But, again, the rating agencies see the numbers you see, and they're asking hard questions and we're engaged with them. And we'll have to see how that plays out.
Joseph W. White: Sure. Okay. So to take that in order, just to be clear, the notes we issued back in early May are, in effect, set aside for payment of the 2044 converts that become potentially put-able to us next year. So that is down in a segregated cash account. So that is outside of any discussions, the rest of anything else I'm going to talk about. So that's set aside, again, to protect us in the event the notes that could be put to us in 2018 are, indeed, put to us. So at the parent company, at the end of June, we had about $165 million of cash. We're going to do some further funding of our subsidiaries in the next day or so that's probably going to take perhaps another – probably bring that down to $100 million. We are also going to take a draw upon our revolver. We've spoken to our bank syndicate. They're very supportive. We're going to take about $300 million draw on our revolver, either tomorrow or the next day. With that, we should be fine. What's going to happen, obviously, is we'll incur some pretty hefty cost, as you can see, on the Restructuring Plan for the latter half of the year, but only about two-thirds of those are cash. Some of the items we have as cost for the Restructuring Plan that we talk about in the 10-Q are going to be lease terminations and all of that. And then, by the time we roll around into January of next year, in five months, we're going to have the benefit of about $200 million of run rate reduction off of where we're at right now. So I think we're in a decent position in terms of liquidity.
Joseph W. White: It will certainly help. We'll have to see how trends roll out in terms of medical costs, but it's a nice increase.
Joseph W. White: Oh, absolutely. Kevin, at the lower end of the $300 million end, it's probably 60% to 65% admin. Bear in mind that probably 3% of our MLR is administrative-related medical costs. So as we reduce staff, we reduce not just the admin, but we reduce medical costs. But again, at the lower end of $300 million is probably 60% to 65% admin. By the time you get to that higher end, it's probably 50%/50%.
Joseph W. White: Yeah. Well, I think you're looking at it correctly. Just remember, though, that as it is disclosed in our 10-Q that we filed and also in the AR, there's about $150 million – I think it's maybe around a $150 million cost to the plan in the second half of this year and maybe another $40 million or $50 million in 2018. But beyond that...
Joseph W. White: Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. And again, as I said, they are purely gross and net numbers. There is increased spending to support RFP and business development efforts. There is some increased spending in terms of contracting. But most of it is – to the extent we are putting more money into places, we're redeploying existing spend.
Joseph W. White: And I'll be honest with you, as the last four or five months have unfolded, I have been surprised too. I was not alone as you thinking that at Molina we were essentially lean from an admin perspective. What I don't think that assumption recognized was that over the last four or five years we have become probably the pure-play Medicaid, outside of Marketplace/HMO. And the reality of it is, is that with such a focus on Medicaid, we can and should run much lower than the competition. So, that's been something, frankly, of a learning process for me because I think I would have had your point of view six months ago. But as we've dived into the numbers, and we've done a deep dive, there's clearly spend we can take out of Medicaid – out of admin without harming the business. And, again, there is going to be, as I said, by the time we get to $400 million in savings, there's considerable medical cost savings tied to better provider contracting. Essentially, the restructure of our direct delivery organization is going to bring some money to the bottom line. So there are medical savings there.
Joseph W. White: There is no doubt, bluntly, in terms of how we've engaged particularly certain inpatient facilities, certain hospitals, over the years. There is no doubt, frankly, that we've left some money on the table. We've come across, for example, at our New Mexico health plan. We've come across it and a few other health plans. We've had to make some tough decisions. I mentioned the fact that we've replaced leadership teams at three health plans in the last eight months. Honestly, we've just left some money on the table when it comes to engagement with providers.
Joseph W. White: Exactly. The benchmarks tell the story. The speed with which clients become outliers, things like that, tell a story that we could've been more efficient in how we contracted.
Joseph W. White: Yeah. Well, there's no doubt that it's going to be – there's no doubt that it's a little harder – because we're modeling this out for that exact purpose you've spoken to, there's no doubt that it's going to be harder to track and firmly identify savings on the medical side. But we can certainly see changes in unit costs per contract. It gets a little bit murkier when you talk about trying to encourage members to see more effective what we would call preferred networks. That becomes a little bit harder. But I think we're going to be able to measure that too. And frankly, I also think we're going to be able to measure some of our utilization improvements, as we have more time and more resources to direct to patients we can influence, to the complex patients. And I think we'll be able to see that on the utilization side too. But you're correct, it will be harder to measure.
Joseph W. White: I have very high confidence we can do that. Again, we've already got visibility into a lot of the stuff we're going to do. We've already done this summer. We're going to do this fall. Now, certainly as part of this process, we're going to have be disciplined to make sure that cost doesn't creep back in. I think everybody who's been through one of these restructuring exercises understands you've got to make sure the rubber band doesn't snap back. But we have – it's a very detailed process we're going into. We're basically developing staffing ratios. We're developing spans of control. And we're going to be looking very closely at this going forward. So I certainly feel very good about the low end of that range, the $300 million. Obviously, as you move more up toward $400 million, I think it becomes more speculative. But to answer your question succinctly, yes, I'm confident we can do that.
Joseph W. White: Correct. And I would say owned at – managed in the way we've managed direct delivery heretofore. Correct.
Joseph W. White: I think there are a few points. First of all, there's a matter of where our expertise is at, as part of our direct delivery strategy with our captive professional corporation. For example, we felt the need to retain our own in-house management service organization, our own in-house MSO. The MSO is the entity that does all the administrative processes for the medical group. Well, as a practical matter, we simply do not have the expertise to provide efficiently administrative services for a medical group. Secondly, it is probably just by recent definition of scale, it is impossible to build an MSO out to provide administrative services to a single medical group that's only seeing Molina members. So, right off the bat, we've really struggled with the maintaining of a full direct delivery administrative infrastructure. This is everything from setting up appointments to providing office space, to providing equipment, to providing office help. We just haven't been able to do that efficiently. Part of it is a question of expertise but part of it, frankly, is a question of scale. So, from a direct delivery perspective, I think entities that look outside to leverage third-party MSOs are going to be more effective. The second issue we've struggled with is with an in-house medical group, or what's called a friendly professional corporation. We've struggled to incentivize physicians to manage care appropriately. A third-party IPA simply has every incentive to manage care in the most effective manner. When the individual physician doesn't have a profit incentive, you're going to get a different outcome. So I would point to those two things as being the key catalysts for that decision.
Joseph W. White: I mean, I can't commit to a timeframe. I will say that the search is narrowing. There have been a number of very qualified candidates, a number of whom remain in the pool, and it's proceeding very well. I hesitate to give a timeframe. But, boy, I would be surprised if it took me to the end of the year. I'd be very surprised if it took that long.
Joseph W. White: Yeah. There was a pretty hefty rate reduction on Medicaid Expansion in California July 1. I don't have that handy. With that said, though, there was also activity in the other direction in terms of the other Medicaid products. We had guided back in January to an overall fully-blended 4% rate decrease in California, which would include all lines of business. It looks like what we've seen of a July rate's effective, it's come in closer to 2% decrease. So that's actually been a bright spot for us right now. In general, we continue to see Expansion rates move more towards the other Medicaid, the TANF and ABD rates, as we see margins move in that direction too. But I think, in general, the outlook for Medicaid Expansion is still pretty good. So I guess I would say, Steve, that and slightly (01:00:48) just to be a little more concise, even with the drop in California July 1, we've got pretty good relief on other product lines.
Joseph W. White: CSRs, for the full – all of 2017, we expect that to run around $400 million. We expect to give back – right now, we expect probably to give back half of that. We're always in a...
Joseph W. White: Excuse me. My voice is breaking. We're always in a position, at least have always been in the past on CSRs in most of our states, where the amount funded by the Feds is in excess of what our members utilize. So at that point, we have to repay the Feds the amount that the member in effect doesn't utilize. It's a process of repricing claims and seeing what the members' co-pays and deductibles would have been. So basically, we think it's going to be about $400 million for all of 2017, and we think we'll probably give about $200 million of that back.
Joseph W. White: Actually, Patrick, I don't have that indenture information handy. We can certainly have a call on that. The EBITDA we share is a non-GAAP measure. It is a traditional EBITDA. I would imagine the notes probably adjust for stock compensation and items like that. So I don't really have that. I really don't have that number. I think it might be running around $470 million LTM. But we should probably have a talk with you about that, Patrick. Let's have a call afterwards and we can track that down.
Joseph W. White: Certainly. Pathways is a very interesting business. I want to be clear, it is a functioning business and it is – the fact that we took an impairment on Pathways, bear in mind, we did not impair the full amount of the Pathways goodwill for this exercise. So I want to be clear. We wrote off about 40% of their goodwill. So it's still a functioning business. From an operational point of view, we've had several challenges with that business. One challenge has been simply the retention of staff. Without the front-line client-facing psychologists and counselors, you can't build the revenue. So it's very much a business that's tied to your ability to retain individuals who can do the work to get you billed. The second issue we've run into in terms of Pathways related to that is we've had to increase various employee incentives, compensation related benefits, to retain staff for that very reason. And I think the third issue we're running in at Pathways, frankly, is some of the payors are becoming more demanding in terms of their reimbursement. The business has moved a little bit away from fee-for-service Medicaid, a little bit more to third-party payors, other insurance companies. And we've had a little bit of an issue adjusting to what they require in order for us to get reimbursed. So again, it's a good business. But those three issues I think, retaining staff, the admin costs in retaining the staff, and again, a shift of movement in terms of payor behavior have been a little bit challenging.
Joseph W. White: Yeah. We're still very enthusiastic about what I call the Medicaid adjacent Medicare space. The SNPs, the MMPs, those are just parts of the business where we continue to want to play. I don't have the full list in front of me, but we are moving into a few new geographies coming in 2018. The Medicare spend, while we're talking about ramping it up, it hasn't been astronomical by any stretch of the imagination. We'll weigh decisions like how much advertising we do and stuff like that. Let's see where we are in November and December. But I would say, in general, we remain enthusiastic about anything related to Medicare that in any way abuts the Medicaid space, and there's a lot of that.
Joseph W. White: That's a great question. When you talk about these kind of transitions, whether physically from one location to another, or just in terms of individuals assuming new duties, it has to be managed very carefully. What we're trying to do as we look at that is we're trying to look at health plans with similar characteristics. Initially, looking at this very simplistically, what I had in my head was you'd group everything geographically. And that's the way I looked at it. And the operations team spent some time with me and I think clearly demonstrated that it isn't about the geography. It's about the characteristics of the health plan. So, for example, a smaller health plan with essentially a TANF-type membership base, you want to group those together. The health plans with the more complex members, you probably want to group those together. You need to consider things like just management stability in a health plan, management capabilities. You need to consider where they are in their re-procurement cycle. So there's a lot of stuff to be considered as you create these regional capabilities. You also just want to make sure that your staff, again, have the right knowledge mix and capabilities mix. And that's a big part of what we're trying to do with our restructuring is make sure we attract and retain capable, highly motivated, highly talented people. So it needs to be done very carefully, but I think the key to it is look for the similarities that are not just obvious, like geography. And we've been very thoughtful about that.
Joseph W. White: Well, I certainly think we are – we said in the call – or in the prepared remarks, Ana, all of the exchange participation is up in the air right now. As I like to say, with the company right now where we're at, we have to do what the numbers suggest to us. The numbers kind of tell us what to do. There is no doubt we do have a strategic advantage in the Marketplace with our Medicaid network. But I understand investor concern about the volatility of the Marketplace. We understand the frustration there. And essentially, we've exited two of our markets, and it's up in the air on the rest. We're going to look very closely at developments, particularly in the political area, over the next month or so. We've got until September 27, and we're taking a very hard look at that. So it would not surprise me if we had further exits. We'll just have to wait and see.
Joseph W. White: Well, I don't think anybody is going to explicitly link the retention of a Medicaid contract to staying in the Marketplace. Certainly we know that the departments of insurance we deal with, who do not control the Medicaid contracts by the way, nevertheless have an interest in the stable insurance market. They have a very difficult situation and that stable market, number one, is a balancing act of having insurers in the market, but also making sure those insurers have financial stability. In general, we have found the regulators very supportive of our situation. They, like us, though are sometimes caught between a rock and a hard place. And it's a case-by-case basis. We made the decision to exit Utah and Wisconsin. There may be more states. And again, we'll have to be guided, right now, by what is best for the company.
