John C. Molina, JD: Thank you, Mario. Today, we reported adjusted net income per diluted share of $0.51 for the first quarter of 2016 compared to $0.62 per diluted share on an adjusted basis for the same period last year. While we recognize that these results are disappointing, I want to reiterate what Mario just said, these results give us no reason to doubt our ability to reach our goal of a 1.5% to 2% after-tax margin by the end of 2017. We have executed very well on our initiatives to grow the business. Total revenue increased to $4.3 billion this quarter, an increase of more than $1 billion and more than 30% when compared to the first quarter of 2015. This increase was driven by the nearly 700,000 new members we added, a combination of closed transactions from 2015, and better-than-expected growth in our Marketplace product. Top line revenue growth has also had a positive impact on our administrative cost ratio. Our general and administrative ratio decreased by 30 basis points to 7.8% from both the first quarter of 2015 and the end of last year. We have now closed on all nine acquisitions that we announced during 2015. The last five transactions added more than 250,000 members, or more than $600 million in annualized revenues. That is all well and good, but we know that we need increased profits in addition to increased revenue. So, what made this quarter more challenging than expected? First, fee-for-service costs in Ohio and Texas were higher than we expected. For the most part, this is the result of higher-than-expected utilization. Mario has already outlined the care management initiatives that we expect will resolve this challenge. And second, we continued to see cost pressures relative to the level of our premium rates. Looking at the enterprise as a whole, these cost pressures are particularly acute for the pharmacy benefit. Margin pressure across our states as pharmacy costs have continued to increase this year. Despite high generic utilization, we are seeing pressure from new high cost specialty drugs. A good example of this is what we are experiencing at our Puerto Rico health plan. In Puerto Rico, we had a formulary change that added additional branded drugs to the Medicaid preferred drug list over the course of our contract, which resulted in increased costs and were not anticipated when we negotiated our rates back in the spring of 2015. To help mitigate these changes, we are actively engaged on this issue with the Medicaid agency as part of our annual rate discussions, and we continue to work with providers and make the case for actuarially sound rates to ensure the program remain sustainable. Looking at our operating results today when compared to the outlook we provided back in February, you can see that our consolidated medical care ratio of 89.8% was, for the most of our lines of business, in line and tracking along with that guidance. Our TANF and ABD lines of business are the exceptions. These two areas largely contributed to the sequential medical care ratio increase we saw between this quarter and the fourth quarter of 2015. We continue to believe that while our medical cost assumptions have changed, our revenue and administrative assumptions are in line with previous expectations. And as we look out over our mitigation efforts, we see short, medium, and long-term solutions. Weighing all of these factors, we think it is appropriate to reduce our 2016 earnings outlook. We now expect income before tax to be in the range of $350 million on the low-end to $400 million on the high end compared to our initial guidance of $460 million. Accordingly, we are reducing our 2016 outlook for adjusted earnings per share to $2.50 to $2.95 down from $3.86. Despite this revision to our 2016 outlook, I want to emphasize that we expect to exit 2016 with the trajectory that maintains the progress towards our stated goal of 1.5% to 2% after-tax margin by the fourth quarter of 2017. For the interim, so that you can better model and follow our progress, we anticipate slow progress through the second quarter, with increasing performance in the second half of the year, as the efforts we have outlined bear fruit. We estimate that approximately two-thirds of our earnings will be achieved during the second half of 2016. The key takeaways that despite the challenges we faced during the quarter, we have taken action to minimize the impact on our operations going forward, and we did not lose sight of our longer-term objectives, growth, and margin improvement. We have always maintained that one quarter does not define us. We are focused on the long-term. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take questions.
John C. Molina, JD: So, Sarah, the rate issues certainly magnified the lack of a decline in inpatient utilization especially in Ohio. So, we had two things happening: utilization went up and rates went down. That combined made Ohio a much more challenging market than we anticipated. I would note two other things, the first is, our prior-period development did not indicate that the cost issues in Ohio stretched back into 2015. These were things that happened starting Jan 1 and the second thing is we believe that we have some fixes in that should allow us to start seeing the utilization decline starting in the second quarter.
John C. Molina, JD: Sarah, this is John. There is a rate meeting in the next couple of weeks and we expect that July 1, new rates to be implemented.
John C. Molina, JD: Yeah. A.J., this is John, the other thing to note about the TANF is that it's less of an impact this year than last. So, we had a greater percentage of TANF members last year, so the decrease in the MCR in 2016 was a bit muted.
John C. Molina, JD: Josh, I don't think that we cut it as finely as what you have mentioned. We've done a lot of acquisitions in the past. I think that the first quarter, we got hit with two things: number one, we did have the integrations of a number of acquisitions, especially in Illinois, we brought on three plans in the first quarter in Illinois; but then on top of that, as someone else noted earlier, we increased our Marketplace membership by more than 200%, I believe. So if it had just been dealing with integrating the acquisitions, probably not an issue, but we had on top of that, a large increase in the marketplace that put an additional strain on the systems and on the people, because we had a lot of people who hadn't been covered before were calling in and looking for help.
John C. Molina, JD: Scott, this is John. We've also added to the IT infrastructure, so that now we've got the bandwidth or the pipes to allow us to maintain an increase in enrollment without having big glitches or stopgaps.
John C. Molina, JD: And as we mentioned before, we're expecting to get new rates in Puerto Rico effective July 1. And I'm sure that this will have to be addressed in those new rates.
John C. Molina, JD: That's right. The surprise was the increased cost in Ohio and Texas. We did note the higher MCR in the expansion as a way to explain the differences between Q1 of 2015 and Q1 of 2016, but we had anticipated that. And if you go back to the guidance, that we did talk about that and included that in the guidance deck from February.
John C. Molina, JD: Let me underscore something before Mario speaks. We do talk about the 1.5% to 2% at the end of 2017 and I just want to clarify that what we mean is the end. So, it will be the fourth quarter.
John C. Molina, JD: Kevin, this is John. When we started this out, in I think it was 2012, with the idea that we were going to double the size of the company, we built our systems to double the size of the company and then a margin above that so that we wouldn't get caught too far ahead of ourselves. What we didn't realize is that we would then double the size of the company once again on top of that. So, I think that's where the constraint came in, in terms of some of the systems, which then flowed down into the people and processes. I think what we've done now is we have built a capacity that we need for the next several years, and we're confident that we're not going to have another strain like we just experienced in the first quarter of this year.
John C. Molina, JD: Tom, this is John. You have remember, when we bring in new populations, we tend to set our claims reserves on an MCR method for the first few months in the first quarter, and then there is a provision for adverse deviation that we put on top of that. So that tends to the first quarter or two inflate the medical costs and then it comes down over time. So while you didn't see it happen in Q1, that's part of the improvement we'll see in the back half of the year.
Joseph Mario Molina: Hi, Sarah. This is Mario. Let me comment first on the utilization. I think it's both. I think that we did see increased utilization and we had also expected a greater decrease in utilization from some of our medical cost initiatives. Especially in Texas, I think they've been a little slower to materialize. But they're still in progress and we anticipate that they will continue and will bear fruit throughout the year. I'll let John take the rate issues.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I think that part of it, we talked about the surge in enrollment that we experienced across the board in the company and I think it was a little bit overwhelming. In order to process all of the prior authorizations, we had relaxed our standards a little bit in the first quarter, but we've added additional bandwidth both in terms of the IT system and personnel. So, we think that, that has played out.
Joseph Mario Molina: You're correct – this is Mario, you're correct that the MCRs have come down year-over-year. The problem is that it didn't come down as much as we had anticipated for 2016. And so, in our guidance, we had anticipated further decreases in MCR and utilization. And because of Puerto Rico, Texas, and Ohio, that didn't materialize in the first quarter as we anticipated.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I think that in both the TANF and the ABD lines of business, the increased utilization was primarily on the inpatient side.
Joseph Mario Molina: So, this is Mario again. I think with regard to the pharmacy costs, it's a combination of two things: increased costs coming from specialty drugs other than those used to treat hepatitis C; and some formulary changes primarily in Florida and in Puerto Rico, where we don't really control the preferred drug list. And they have shifted to include more brand-name drugs. So, we're going to have to with our providers, since we don't really control the formulary, to work on controlling utilization and encouraging the use of generic drugs. That said, our use of generic drugs as an entity, as the whole corporation, remains quite high.
Joseph Mario Molina: Josh, I think there were a number of things that affected Ohio. We've had some turnover in staff, we brought in a lot of new nurses that required a lot of training, and of course, when you're new on the job you're not as effective as you are when you've got more experience. There were some IT issues which we have corrected in terms of adding more bandwidth, so that we can process more authorizations. But as a result some of these things, the staff being less effective and some other issues, we did loosen our prior authorization requirements. And so, we probably authorized things that we might not have authorized in the past, but we felt that, that it was better to err on the side of the patient. And so, that accounts for some of the increased utilization you're seeing there.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, we had some management changes. We have a new Chief Medical Officer, new Healthcare Services person, a lot of new nurses. I mentioned we had a tidal wave of membership that affected the systems, and so we had increased system downtime as a result. That's been corrected, but those things in combination created problems and it was especially a problem in Ohio.
Joseph Mario Molina: I think it's the same thing, Josh. I mean, we were really focused on the Medicare and I think we did a good job with that. I think we were a little overwhelmed with all the new membership and the growing pains strained our ability to manage a lot of our members and it affected the TANF and ABD members disproportionately.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yeah. Josh, this is Mario I just want to reemphasize that point. The Marketplace enrollment really exceeded our expectations.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yeah. This is Mario. I think that a big part of the issue is training. We have brought on additional people. I think that the real answer is we need to be more effective. And so, when you bring in new people, especially in UM, they're not comfortable with the systems, they're not comfortable with the guidelines, they're not as effective as they otherwise would be. So, we think that over time, over the course of the year, the staff will become more effective, the systems will become more effective. We're in the process of implementing some additional UM guidelines which should also help, but that I think is a big part of the issue.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yeah. And let me just comment on that too as well. We tested the systems expecting a certain level of enrollment and we exceeded that, and I think that was part of the problem. The growth was just far more than we anticipated.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. We have not factored that in at this point. I think we have one patient that we know of who's been infected. Of course, there may be others, but right now we're just watching.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yeah. This is Mario. Let me say both. I think that additional personnel, new on the job, perhaps a little less effective than they'll be when they're a little bit more experienced, increased pressure on the system. The system was a little slower, again, slowing people's work down. So, I think it was a combination of both. The bandwidth in the IT system has been addressed. I think the experience will come with time for the personnel.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yeah. The Medicaid agency doesn't share their information with us. We, obviously, aren't getting any kind of claims or history from our new members, so – I mean, the only way you could find that out would be to do some sort of a survey.
Joseph Mario Molina: All right. So, Ana, this is Mario. If you go back to our guidance slide from February, you'll see where we had projected the MLRs by product. And right now, where we're really off is on the Medicaid, TANF, and ADB. So, I mean, the first thing we need to do is, we need to address that issue. I think longer-term, we still think that there is room for improvement on things like LTSS and duals in Medicare, but that's more of a long-term thing. So we're going to continue to work to drive down medical costs. And as I mentioned in my remarks, the only way that this expansion of insurance to more people is going to work, is if health plans like ourselves can continue to drive down cost.
Joseph Mario Molina: No, right now we think we've worked through the major issues. And we would anticipate the cost to come down over time. And as a result, the profitability should increase towards the back half of the year.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, first of all, in terms of the regulations, you know they're extensive. They're almost 1,500 pages. So, we're still in the process of evaluating them. So, I don't really want to comment on what we think the regs mean until we've had a chance to really thoroughly review them. We did comment on the draft regulations and our comment letters are public, I believe. In terms of Puerto Rico, we are in discussions with them over the rates. So, again, there's really nothing that I can comment on there.
Joseph Mario Molina: So, I think that we will see material progress in the third and fourth quarters. And it's a little bit difficult at this point for us to comment on whether we think we're going to be at the high end or the low end of that range. We want to be somewhere between 1.5% and 2% for our profit margin for the fourth quarter of 2017. That's management's commitment. That's what we're driving toward and we still believe that that's an achievable target.
Joseph Mario Molina: I would say both. I think that a lot of these initiatives are in-flight. They're in various stages of development in the different states. We will prioritize the rollout of these things in the future depending upon issues like the size of the state or certain medical cost issues. But those things are all launched. There's really nothing that's new that has to be done. It's just a matter of rolling them out across the enterprise and seeing the benefits. In terms of management, I do think we mentioned, we probably need to add some bench strength. I think there are certain key issues around claims and processing of enrollment and premiums, reconciliation, and so forth where we could probably strengthen things a little bit. I don't think it's a matter of hiring a lot of people, I think it's a matter of hiring a few key people.
Joseph Mario Molina: So, again, I'll refer you back to our guidance day. We were very clear about the RFPs that we intend to respond to, and I think that those are things that are really going to be 2017 events. As I mentioned in my remarks, we think that beyond the first quarter now, we're going to have a little time to digest and absorb all of this. We don't see a lot new coming on in 2016. In terms of acquisitions, again, the strategy hasn't changed. We're very disciplined about this. We're interested in acquisitions that are going to bring us into new states, and New York is a perfect example of that. That was a strategic acquisition. It gets us into the second largest Medicaid state in the country, and we've been trying to get into that state for many, many years. So, we're now all in five of the five largest Medicaid markets in the country. With regard to other acquisitions, I don't see anything that's going to come in, in 2016. But again, we've been pretty disciplined about our approach and we will continue to pursue the acquisitions as we outlined in February.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, this is Mario. I think that the way we bridge that gap is through some system changes that we have made. And we are in the process of updating, for example, a lot of our UM guidelines, which we think will lead to lower utilization. But some of this is just allowing those things to mature. As I mentioned, we've hired new nurses. Some of them are inexperienced, and some of them are not very facile with the computer systems. So as those things mature, I think that they'll become more effective and we can do a better job. Part of this is just tincture of time. We do see the profit margins rising in the backend of the year, and our projection is that that will continue into 2017.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, we have never counted on above average rate increases to drive our progress. We've always felt that if we can do a more effective job of managing the members, there is opportunity. And as I mentioned at the outset, we have plenty of revenue and plenty of membership. We are at the high end of our enrollment projections. So I think we're well-positioned.
Joseph Mario Molina: No, I don't think so. I mean, I think that part of our strategy is to continue to grow. It's really more a matter of timing. And we'll continue to grow in the future.
Joseph Mario Molina: I think is two things. I think, first, we did trip. There's no question that fair amount of this was our own fault. And that's what's led to some of the problem. I think the sort of pricing issue really revolves more around pharmacy than anything else. So, some of these utilization issues we talked about in the first quarter are really growing pains on our part. But I think the more systematic problem is the long-term pharmacy cost trend and we've been talking about that for a couple of years. Pharmacy cost are going up. Insulin, for example, a very common drug that lot of our patients use, has gone up quite a bit in price. We're seeing a lot of new specialty pharmacy drugs and this is not a problem just for us. I think this is industry-wide.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, I think we are seeing people are scared and we're probably seeing people that have illnesses that are worried that they might have Zika. So it probably is driving a little bit of utilization. But I don't think we're having catastrophic costs related to Zika at this point.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I think you're right about the fact that this could migrate to the Continental United States. But no, I don't think we have an answer on that one.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, it's pretty early for us to comment on that, but I do think we are seeing improvement. But remember this is only the end of April so we haven't even completed the first month of the quarter.
Joseph Mario Molina: I think the increase are across a number populations. But you know in reference to your first comment, we cut this data a lot of ways, and we report quite a bit of information. I think we are very transparent. I don't think it's practical for us to produce more.
Joseph Mario Molina: No. It's more an issue of ABD and TANF and it's more an issue around Ohio and Texas than the other states. I also think if you look at the numbers you'll also see that year-over-year, I think the medical costs are up, the MLRs are up in Illinois and Michigan. Both of those are areas where we have significant new populations because of the acquisitions. And then Ohio and Texas again, it was just general increases in utilization.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yeah, I'm not really sure what slide you're talking about. I don't have those in front of me. So I can't really address that.
Joseph Mario Molina: And Tom, I'll also add that I think that our strategy has a lot to do with this. This is really an extension of our Medicaid product, using our Medicaid network. I think the patients that we're seeing are very similar to our Medicaid members generally, high degree of subsidy. And we never had a commercial product. So, there's no cannibalization of our commercial product into our exchange product. We really think that we're getting people who are low income and have either been on Medicaid in the past, or were uninsured in the past.
Joseph Mario Molina: You're right, Tom, and I would again get back to the network issues. I mean, this is our Medicaid network. And I think we're attracting patients that are similar to the demographics of our Medicaid patients.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes. So, Tom, there wasn't a lot of infrastructure buildout required in those states. But I think you can kind of break it into categories. So remember, that in Illinois and in Michigan, we are in new service areas. So, while the health plan staff for the most part are the same, we're dealing with new providers and we don't have a lot of claims experience in those areas. I mean clearly, you're right, we didn't get a big lift this quarter out of our acquisitions. That doesn't mean that we won't going forward. I think it's a little hard to sort out right now.
Joseph Mario Molina: So, Sarah, once again, we have saved the best for last. Thank you for your questions. So I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. That concludes our call and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Joseph W. White: Hi, A.J. It's Joe speaking. The bulk of the decrease you see in revenue PMPM from Marketplace year-over-year is just driven by the fact we're getting better factoring in risk adjustments. Obviously, we talked about the fact, we have a comparably healthy population, which means we're going to have relative lower risk scores, which means we're going to be giving money back on risk adjustment. If you look at the MLR for Marketplace, for the first quarter of 2016, you'll see it's consistent with what we've guided to and pretty consistent with last year actually.
Joseph W. White: Hey, Josh, it's Joe speaking. I don't think we saw anything this quarter that led us to think that the reserves at March 31 needed to be particularly strengthened. If you look at the overall trend from 12-31 to 4-15, prior period development on a dollar is very consistent with where it was a year ago. Also, a lot of these issues with authorizations and everything we're talking about in various states that peaked in January and February. So, a lot of those claims have already made their way through the system; we pay very quickly. So, it's not as if there's some – in our opinion, it's not as if there are some issue out there with being aware of claims and their late development. This is almost like a real-time issue in terms of utilization.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. We don't have huge visibility into that. We don't see anything to suggest that they are fundamentally different from our members, but that doesn't – our existing members, that doesn't rule out pent-up demand as we implement our care protocols. So, right now, we don't have huge visibility.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. That's absolutely correct. We knew that, if you – we knew about expansion rates just as we knew about the Ohio premium rate decrease. And you can see that, based on our guidance, the expansion number, MCR is coming in pretty much to what we guided to. So, it's purely a year-over-year comparison.
Joseph W. White: Hey, Brian. This is Joe. Obviously, in the first quarter of a leap year, you're going to have higher medical costs, probably by about 1% since you have an extra day which would go straight to your bottom line. However, we are subject to the same calendar as everybody else in the business. We knew about that calendar when we set guidance. So, I don't think it's a factor in how the quarter played out versus what we thought.
Joseph W. White: I don't think we had that information. That information would be very hard to develop. I'm not aware of anything that would tell us that.
Joseph W. White: I think you're confusing that with expansion, Brian. We guided Marketplace at 79% to 80%, and that's not changing.
Joseph W. White: Well, I think I would express it this way as far as recording the expansion MCR, Brian. We're going to book to our pricing until we – unless we see evidence that pricing is not adequate. When you look at both 2014 and 2015 in terms of pure periods, full-year run-outs, those years actually in total played out very close to our pricing. So, we're going to book to pricing this year, until or unless we see evidence that it is not running – it is running above pricing. So, I think what that means is, you'll actually see a slight increase in the MLR as the year develops as we get the special enrollment members and as new members become more familiar with how to access the system.
Joseph W. White: Yes. Well, a couple of points, I think was A.J. who had that question. I think the appropriate answer to A.J.'s question was, if you look at where we ended up fourth quarter of 2015 on Marketplace PMPM revenue, we're very close, we're little above that, $20 above that for the first quarter of this year. So, I think the appropriate comparison would be where we ended up last year after we pushed through all of the risk adjustment and all of that. And to your other question, yes, we continue to refine our estimates on things like – on items like risk adjustment, reinsurance, CSR reconciliation on the marketplace. I think the best way to express all of that, though, is if you look at this quarter in total, you don't see a big impact from out of period development. Just like I said about on claims, not – in total, much of an impact.
Joseph W. White: No. I mean, you saw that happen second – third and fourth quarters last year and I think we've kind of figured it out by now.
Joseph W. White: So, let me try that one first. I think what we're seeing now with expansion, if you look at the MLR, it's starting to approach the TANF and ABD populations and we always said that would happen over time. So, I don't think the cost – the premium pressure I think ultimately – the big drops in premium I think are, for the most part, behind us looking at the MLRs.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking, Tom. What you're suggesting is always possible of course. What we see though generally is a low utilizing a population. Now, the trade-off of that again is we tend to give money back in risk adjustments for that. I guess, all that we can say is in the course of the two and a quarter years we've been doing it, we haven't seen that development. Yes, it could happen in the future, but based on the demographics of our members and what we're seeing, it doesn't look like that's happening. Now remember – and we talked about this in the script, we're not expecting this business to produce 5% or 10% margins. We're expecting it to produce margins consistent with Medicaid which are obviously much lower. So, our expectations are lower going into it which might be why we're less disappointed. But again, we don't see anything so far that indicates we are getting sicker numbers.
Joseph W. White: Bear with me, Sarah. Sarah, I think to a degree there, we're victims of rounding, first of all, that's not $100 million. I'm sure that's probably closer to $50 million. It's just a matter of refining our estimates and looking at the degree to which we were are able to hire in the first quarter and fill positions and that kind of items.
Joseph W. White: You put me on the spot there, Sarah. Honestly, I haven't researched that all lot. Our equity spend isn't particularly huge. We also lose the tax deductibility of that. I'll have to look into that and get back to you.
