Joseph White: Hi, Sarah, its Joe White, we struggled to hear you, could you ask those questions one at a time please? Thank you. Good morning by the way.
Joseph White: Justin, its Joe White speaking, there are a few issues that play there, one would be the shift downward to bronze relative to sliver, the other would be geographic matter as we continue to see rather proportion stronger enrollment in Texas.
Joseph White: Honestly not yet. We just closed the books, just literally within the past few hours and we've intentionally looked at the underline trends in pharmacy and physician, which is where we need to look and while we know we're experiencing a higher than normal flu season continued in 2018, I really can't peg a number for you right now Justin.
Joseph White: Sure, I think as you take a look at quarter-to-quarter fluctuations you obviously have to be careful in this business about what you read into them. But I think it is a pure statement to say that excluding marketplace where we made some out of period adjustments in Q4, I think your statement Dave, that there was less unfavorable development in Q4 than Q3 is correct and just reflects the general trend we have been making to improving the quality and the sustainability of our reserves. I think there is also there were some pleasant surprises in patient utilization in a couple of parts of the business and particularly on the Medicare side. I also think in some cases in some of our plans that hadn't performed as well overtime or recently as we would have liked we are seeing the benefit of new management teams settling in. New Mexico showed some improvement in the second half for the year. Puerto Rico while it had - continues to have some one-off issues related to provider sharing accruals and things like that they continue I think the positive trend. So I think overall it just reflect a general stabilization of the business, the benefits of certain cost take outs we took last year, and the - just essentially getting a lot of the heavy lifting around the increasing of reserves behind this.
Joseph White: I think that's fair statement, given everything we've developed in 2017 from the 2016 reserve we thought it was appropriate to not only replenish reserves to previous levels, but to allow additional cushion for everything we've seen happen this year and the variability in our reserve development.
Joseph White: Yes, I think the best way to express it is that we are viewing leverage really in the same line we are as our expectation for 2018. We'll be able to make better informed decision once we see the profit improvements driven by everything we've talked about today manifest themselves in our earnings. So, basically what we're going to do now is we're going to manage cash and leverage as appropriately as we can we going to bring much discipline to it and we're being more focused on the management. But as far as any major decisions going forward, we're going to foresee how much we can grow our way into a lower debt to cap ratio through retained earnings.
Joseph White: I think what you are missing there is the impact of the exchange of equity we did for our some of our convertible notes and in middle of December, which involve issuing about 2.6 million shares.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, hi Sarah, its, Joe Zubretsky. On tax reform, if you just look at the 35% statutory rate versus the 21%, it created a $59 million benefit to our 2018 guidance, which is about $0.87 of earnings per share. I will remind everyone that as we either exceed our plan or missed it for every dollar of earnings above or below our marginal tax rate is 21%. And the reason our guidance is at about 42% is the result of a non-deductibility of the HIF. Another question we are often asked is did we change our spending outlook for 2018 because our rates were set, when tax rates were 35% versus 21%. And I would say, no, we had a plan in place of our margin recovery and sustainability plan, it does require investments to be made. Those investments were fully baked in our SG&A roles for 2018 and we did not change the course of that spending as a result of the new tax rates.
Joseph Zubretsky: With respect to flu as we said we recorded our $20 million top up to our fourth quarter. As we observed pharmacy and physician cost higher than normal particularly in the CTC Hotspots. I would tell you that that trend continued into January, pharmacy and physician costs were higher than normal due to the flu season that we are experiencing and others are as well. With respect to Pathways and our other sort of non-core subsidiaries, I mean say the earnings picture is just not material. It's stable, they're performing well, and it's just not a material part of the story.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, if we are unsuccessful in Florida and or New Mexico then we have a plan in place where we will try to transition our service profile in those states and in orderly fashion. Whether we transition it to another incumbent or new player or whether we just educate ourselves entirely. Obviously, when the revenue stops on January 1st, you still have a claims tail to service, you still have member calls that need to service. And so we'll have to hold on to part of the operating platform for the tail period. But we're not going to let the administrative costs and bringing those plans and runoff be a drag on our earnings. We'll have to educate ourselves quickly, but there would be a slight drag on 2019 as we work the claims tail off.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes, Justin the revenue number for 2018 contemplated in our guidance is about $1.5 billion. And you have the pricing right. I mean obviously at 102.1% for the quarter 88% for the year against a target of 78%. We lost money in the marketplace this year. The way I would characterize our guidance is we cleared the clutter around 2017. Obviously getting the one timers behind us getting a cleanse claims view of the 2017 run rate projected forward our pricing at the 4.6% target margin. But until we see the effects of our profit improvement initiatives and that pricing take hold in the market, we did not include a lot of that turnaround benefit in our guidance. We need to see it emerge in the first quarter before we firm up our guidance for improved market place performance.
Joseph Zubretsky: We always project a 2% monthly decline in membership, so while we are starting the year at 450,000 it's going to end the year at about 300,000 at least in our project.
Joseph Zubretsky: So, Justin, we have slight Medicaid membership decline particularly in Michigan with an after profit are taking share. In Ohio where we run into some redetermination issues, slight not a lot but enough to matter in the bridge year-over-year. Our Medicare is up slightly we are holding on to our membership and getting good rates. And we do have two new markets, we have [indiscernible] and Idaho and the inception of our Mississippi TANF contract, which will begin in October of this year, and that's of $200 million all in. So Medicaid membership, a little bit of a slip two new market entries and Medicare is growing nicely to the rates.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well Matt, I appreciate the question, but no I really don't think there are any structural impediments in our portfolio. As I said to investors last month, this is clearly a question of performance and not a question of portfolio. We have many high performing plans, we need to fix the hotspot. As I said in my prepared remarks all of our products are just running slightly north of where they need to be to hit their target margins. And you can book inside the numbers and you can go around sort of the wheel of performance in terms of what you need to do with your network, what you need to do with utilization controls. What care management protocols for high acuity populations, holding on to more of our revenue at risk. As I said to investors last month, we are holding on to fewer dollars of revenue at risk than we think our competitors are, we need to get better on risk scoring and quality scores to hold onto the quality withholds that the states hold out to. So I clearly believe it's a question of performance and if we look at the fundamentals of managed care, on a mix adjusted basis, I still feel confident in saying we can get to the competitors range of 1.5% to 2% after tax.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, we touched on New Mexico, we actually have the scoring and we're able to conclude pretty much that it was rates and not service and technical capabilities. In Florida, we have not seen the scoring yet. As part of the process, we will get the scoring, we'll analyze it and then structure our appeal or protest around the scoring parameters.
Joseph Zubretsky: Those numbers are correct, $15 million in the third, $60 million in the fourth for a total of $75 million and incremental of $160 million for 2018. And bear in mind, when Joe and his team put out that longer-term target, that was not merely SG&A savings, but were cost structure savings across all the dimensions of managed care including network and care management. And yes, if the 1.5% to 2% after tax margin and EBITDA margins north of 5% are in our future, which we predict they will be. Then yes we have to achieve those types of cost savings over the next two years. And as I mentioned previously, we have not included many of those cost structure improvements and performance improvement initiatives in our 2018 guidance, we'll wait to see them emerge, before we adjust our guidance accordingly.
Joseph Zubretsky: The - all the costs are in the guidance. And yes, because these proposals are in flight, we decided to add to the complement of resources, we have internally with outside resources. But ultimately if we are going to turn-on the new business and the re-procurement machine permanently, begin growing again after we return to our target margin profile then yes, we will build internal teams that are capable of routinely winning re-procurements and new bids. So because that were in flight we went outside, but ultimately they need to be built inside.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well if you look at and again, 2017, very noisy year, and so you have to sort of clear the clutter on 2017 where the reported MCR consolidated was 90.6%, 130 basis points of which was prior period development. When you started looking in at the detailed product lines, TANF reported at 92%, ABD 94.7%, Expansion 84.9%, and so on and so forth. You can pro-forma and project network contracting, retaining more revenue, better utilization controls in care management to get to our 89% and beyond. So we were very cautious on 2018 guidance not to include the results of those performance improvement initiatives, but they are in flight and we expect them to work. But because of this company's past history of execution we were hesitant to put them in our guidance are very comparable with the approximately 89% for 2018. And when we see our performance initiatives manifest themselves in earnings, we would just accordingly.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes, that's a good assumption. Our guidance for 2018 is just slightly better than the pure period for 2017.
Joseph Zubretsky: Very logistic question and you're right. In this business, this is an information business primarily, and the veracity and velocity of medical cost trend information is critical to the life blood of a well-managed, managed care company. The systems here okay, we have many sources of data warehouses that create good medical insights. We have an actuarial community that I believe is very, very good. We can get better, and the investments needed to create higher velocity and more veracity of information are baked into our plans. And I think as part of our margin recovery plan we contemplate getting better information on a real time basis and reacting to the trends that are emerging in the marketplace more quickly than this company has reacted in the past. I'm running this organization a lot flatter. And I'm closer to 13 health plans than the predecessor management and with Joe and his team, Pam Sedmak on board, we're going to make sure that we serve the emerging trends more quickly and react to them on a more real time basis.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, Dave. Whatever we thought we were going to achieve. And I still believe 1.5% to 2% is achievable. Obviously if there is some stranded fixed cost as a result of withdrawal from a market or two that would create a headwind. But as we've analyzed this, I don't consider any cost to be fixed. Obviously the variable costs of the plans operating the plans are easy to identify and educate. Variable's very easy to identify and we're going to right size the enterprise to the new revenue base. And so the headwind in my opinion is not in the percentage of target margin, but in the actual dollars of underwriting margin and operating profit will produce, which to some extent has been compromised if we lose these two contracts. So no, I'm not backing off the long-term margin percentages. Although, if there are fixed costs that need to come out and it becomes stranded, then we just need to work hard to get them out.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, Josh, this is Joe. The revenue trajectory hasn't changed in my view and all I said was we are pushing the pause button on new business growth, while we repair and restore the margins to target. I am very hopeful that that's a 2018 exercise. Meanwhile during 2018, Pam, myself, and others will be rebuilding the new business procurement machine so that we can began to participate in 2019 pipeline. So, this is not a story without growth, we are just pushing the pause button on North Carolina and Kentucky and a few other opportunities until we can actually see the margin restored and start moving to target levels. So, I would - for the long-term I do not view the story as anything different from the growth story that any other Medicare and Medicaid company is portraying. With respect to marketplace, well early on there were all the strategic views of you needed to be in the marketplace if you were in Medicaid and vice-versa. And I think the market has learned that while there are similarities in network configuration and costs that these two businesses are quite independent on each other. And that you can't really warm transfer a member between the two markets, they go into the exchange, they go into exchange. So in my view the business has to produce a target margin and cash flows that fit with the portfolio stands on its own. Our marketplace business in Texas is incredible profitable. It was Florida that was the problem and in the five other markets it's not at its target, but it is still profitable. And so, we're going to final rates in April. We are going to see how our profitability emerges this year, make that final call in August and September when you need to, but we're pretty confident that with 59% rate increases, 4.6% pre-tax target margin that this could be and is a sustainable business for the enterprise.
Joseph Zubretsky: First Josh, as we gone back and reverse engineer the scoring, we have us actually closer to being a third than fifth or sixth as you suggested when you remove pricing, but we going to pay that back and forth all day along. The real issues the one you suggested, I don't think our proposals as we go back and look at Florida and New Mexico reflected the capabilities that we have. We have been in New Mexico a long time, we enjoyed a good relationship with the state. Our service to members and to providers has been very good and I don't think we reflected our capabilities in the proposal well enough. And then clearly, when you're participating in a rate auction and purposely did at the 75th or 80th percentile on the range just pure auction theory is you are not going to win. And during that period of time, there was a very unclear view of how New Mexico was performing, it was all types of backlog claims and prior period development and it wasn't performing well. And so the management team at the time bid higher in the range, hindsight maybe we would have or wouldn't, but clearly due to rates in that performance in our opinion. But we are revamping the entire proposal writing machine to better reflect the capabilities that we do have in these markets.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes, and that's exactly the math and you've capture it appropriately, in terms of the tax impact on our guidance for 2018. In the first year of the turnaround, where we are trying to get to 1.5% to 2% after tax. All in having and after-tax margin of 1.2%, we should suggest it slightly below 1% when adjusted for sort of the tax benefit of the tax law change is a good starting point. As we said, as we look at the back half of the year, most of our businesses, at least are operating in a stable way, we have identified the underperformers. And the next margin enhancement benefit is again I hate to coming back to managed care 101, but our utilization controls are not consistent across the country in our health plans, our care management for high acuity members, our integration of behavioral and medical is very good in some places and lagging in others. Our networks contracts are - in certain places are price too high the networks are too wide. Some of our insulated contracts have unit costs that are far too high for the volumes for giving our venders. Our retained revenue, our risk adjustment scores are not keeping pace with the acuity of the population. We're getting too much back on the revenue withhold. So I keep coming back to all of the performance measures that one looks at throughout the managed care program and we can see outlook for meaningful improvement across all those measures. And that's where the arrival at a target margin will come from.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, with the rate increase we're giving and with the major corrective actions that we had to put emplace in Illinois, Illinois is in our guidance at just about breakeven for 2018.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes, I mean, if we lost the Medicaid business in New Mexico and let's say if we lost the - we kept Miami Dade in Florida of lost the other regions then yes, revenue would certainly be down in 2019. There is no way that the new launches that we've had were small, I mean, Mississippi is going to be 100,000 to 120,000 TANF members to start, there is probably an ABD contract on the backend of that. But yes, I don't think there is any question that if we are unsuccessful retaining the majority of those two contracts revenue would be down in 2019.
Joseph Zubretsky: Bear in mind I'll kick it to Joe in a minute but bear in mind that we were after our note exchange we have moved down from about 57% I believe on measured on the GAAP basis. And the reason we popped over 60% isn't because of leverage, it's actually because of the reduction to equity due to the charges we took. So Joe do you want to expand on that.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes, it's all about earnings and the sustainability and the lack of volatility in earnings. Sustained earnings is actually as much the problem with our capital base as the capital is itself.
Joseph Zubretsky: Let's take them - hi, Ana, it's Jose. Let's take them one at a time. Texas the response to the Texas ABD proposal is in flight and is due to be submitted in early March. And we are told that awards will be announced as late as October of 2018. We're in 6 of 13 regions in Texas right now. And it's a statewide proposal. So obviously our first focus is to retain what we have. But there is actually room to grow, and with our service profile deep provider relationships, skilled nursing facility networks and a really good service platform, it's possible that we can actually grow in this RFP. I will remind you that rates are not part of either one of these proposals. It's all capability and service profile rates to be negotiated later. So that that phenomenon where a new player can come in and try to sort of invest in the state that doesn't exists in either one of these. In Washington with 55% market share, a great platform of integrating behavioral and medical, a track record of having won two of the nine regions already, two of the nine regions in Washington actually went into procurement in the past two years and we won them. And we actually grew our membership after we re-procured. We have 50% of our cost base in Washington running to value based contracts, which we believe is best in market. So we're feeling pretty good about both of these both from a market share perspective, the ability to grow and our service profile and track record in either state. The Washington RFP hasn't arrived yet; it's supposed to arrive in the next couple of weeks. And I'm struggling to remember the actual submission date, but we can get to back you on that.
Joseph Zubretsky: No, we haven't heard - first of all on 2018, we haven't - there is no discussion about claw backs. The rates on 80% of our revenue are locked in. And due to various renewal dates throughout the year 20% or not. But 80% - rates on 80% of our revenue are locked in. So 2018 we think is the avoid of any renegotiation. And look, all the rating factors with the states argue about various medical cost trends sort of back to our rate increases by including benefits and service profile, these are all types of way to structurally negotiating rates. And I'm just guarded that I'm not yet ready to declare of that the after tax margins in the Medicaid business are now going to be higher than everybody projected because of the new tax regime. But there has been no discussion specifically about taxes vis-à-vis the rates that we're negotiating, which I think is a good sign.
Joseph Zubretsky: No, not really. When you are in this business you have to make sure you can tolerate through the necessitude of legislative and regulatory affairs and keeping track of all that is quite challenging as you know. But no, as we look at the regulatory environment, as we look at very legislative proposals, Medicaid is here to stay there is contemplation of perhaps certain states sort of merging the expansion market with the marketplace market, that's possible. There still a round flow of support for having the higher acuity populations ABD and long-term services and support in a managed environment. And I think the industry has done a great job demonstrating that these managed care savings by having those high acuity populations in managed care versus fee for services. So no, I don't think there is anything legislatively or regulatory that causes me to think differently above the attractive growth aspects of this business.
Joseph Zubretsky: Of the 450,000 members, I believe Florida is projected to have around 50,000, down from over 200,000 in 2017. So I would tell you that it's probably between $300 million and $350 million.
