Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Scott. I would say the cost pressures that we're experiencing in those markets come across three dimensions. One, we did see in the quarter some aberrant and anomalous large case activity, which will abate. Second, we've seen an acuity mix shift due to some redetermination efforts, particularly in the State of Ohio. And those are primarily the reasons for the cost pressures. We believe that ultimately acuity mix shift ends up in rates. And in fact, the State of Ohio has been very reasonable and rational in rate discussions. And we believe that normal operating protocol such as utilization control, care management and looking at our network contracts harder will arrest some of the large claim activity. So there were pressures in various markets. Some of the behavioral carve-ins actually cause some rate pressure. You are never sure you're getting the right capitated rate when a benefit gets carved in. So we certainly saw some behavioral cost pressure in Washington, that will end up in rates. So acuity mix shift benefit carve-ins in some large claim activity. But all very manageable as evidenced by a very flat sequential Medicaid managed care ratio of 88%.
Joe Zubretsky: That was meant to refer to exploring our options in Texas. There is a -- there is business days to file a protest. That’s usually routine in these types of matters. But I was referring to exploring all of our options to review the scoring on the Texas awards. And then to the right set we have to pursue an additional award, we would pursue vigorously.
Joe Zubretsky: Our manage Medicaid duals high acuity. We do this really well. We're disappointed in Texas award and we will look at the scoring and as I said, we will pursue our rights. But nothing changes in our long-term outlook for the attractiveness of the business we're in, or the target margins that we’ve outlined for you. There is an inherent growth rate in this business that is very attractive as well. It produces significant excess cash flow and although we are disappointed in this award, we will reset our 2020 numbers and we will grow off of those and profitably.
Joe Zubretsky: Okay. We have a lot of our exchange membership is in Dallas and Houston. We've proven in New Mexico that you can run a really profitable exchange business without being in Medicaid. And as you suggested, we still have the STAR CHIP contract and we think we have enough network growth and scale to participate in the marketplace business going forward. And the Texas marketplace business has been profitable and an attractive growth opportunity for us.
Joe Zubretsky: Various scenarios on what this might mean for revenue. But I would say the number that you articulated is certainly in the neighborhood of what could happen if we kept everything we have in Hidalgo and the Northeast gets split, let's say, evenly between two players. Those numbers are in the right neighborhood. But stranded overhead is certainly a phenomenon in this business. So just the fixed cost nature of the business, but we don't tolerate stranded overhead here and we’ve proven that in 2019. If you recall, in 2018 with the Florida and New Mexico losses, we said we had stranded overhead that we had to get at. And I think when you look at North of 4% margins across the board in this business, we've proven that we don't allow stranded overhead. We will get up the fixed cost when the revenue disappears and we will restore ourselves to our target margins.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, the first thing I would say, Kevin, is it's obvious that '18 and '19 have been very profitable years for us in the marketplace and '17 was quite the opposite. So when '17 roles off to 3-year average in '20, that will certainly put certain markets up against the minimum MLR. The other thing I would say is it depends on how your portfolio performs. Averages can be misleading. It really depends on how your individual properties are performing. We have some that are performing really well and others less well. And so we will bump into the minimum MLR probably in a few markets. But we certainly consider that when we filed our prices for 2020. We certainly consider that when we were loading in additional value-added benefits to put value into the product then paying rebates, and we took all that into consideration as we filed our rates for 2020. And our preliminary analysis now that everybody's rates are public is that you have very competitive positions number one and number two, in about 75% of our key markets and our flagship silver product and our bronze product which is the products that we want to be competitive. So we are still feeling really good about our growth prospects in marketplace for 2020. As a reminder, we said we are going to grow the business albeit at a lower [technical difficulty] and still attractive margin.
Joe Zubretsky: Okay. We are paying market now. We are paying more, we are paying market. We weren't competitive on our broker commissions in a few markets last year and we’ve corrected that. So although we are paying more, we are not paying above market. We are now paying market.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, I think as you know about 50% of the business comes through .gov and the other 50% comes through brokers. And broker want to be paid market commission, so we believe we will have good broker loyalty, we have a strong network. And now that we're paying market commissions, it should enhance the growth rate.
Joe Zubretsky: I think I understand your question, but as I stated previously, certainly the margin, the fully baked margin on the product -- on the revenue that’s lost will disappear. And as I mentioned before, there will be fixed cost that will then become stranded, but we don't allow that to happen. And we’ve demonstrated that in 2019 we gave you at Investor Day initial estimates of maybe $40 million to $50 million of stranded overhead due to the New Mexico and Florida losses. And if you just look at our G&A ratios today, look at our margins today, I mean all becomes fungible at some point. But we’ve managed our G&A ratio was really, really well through this dynamic and we would be disciplined enough to do that yet again in late 2020 when this revenue phenomenon hits.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. First and foremost, the best use of our excess capital is to fund organic growth. We hold about 10% of premium as regulatory capital. And the levered and unlevered returns on equity are superb. Second, we have a very, very capable M&A team. We are going to remain very disciplined. We will look for opportunities in our existing markets and in greenfield markets in our core products, particularly Medicaid, high acuity and duals and probably not traditional Medicare advantage. So we're going to stay very disciplined to our core product line. We really do seek out underperforming businesses because of our proven turnaround skills. We can harvest those performance-based synergies for our earnings stream and that’s a very, very attractive use of our human resource capital. So we are going to remain very disciplined. We still think there is opportunities out there. There's orphaned plans, there is provider owned plans, there is 501c3. And we are scouring the Universe for attractive opportunities to deploy our capital to accrete earnings-per-share.
Joe Zubretsky: If the question is on Medicare, as you know our Medicare is primarily centered around the D-SNP product and we have expanded footprint. We have spent -- entered into two new markets. So we expect to have membership growth in 2020. We do have some visibility against our competition now and we feel that the product will grow in 2020.
Joe Zubretsky: The answer is no, not at this stage. Obviously, the news is 12 hours old. Underscoring as you suggested has not been made available. But those are very legitimate questions and questions we will be asking, what did we learn about the scoring in the regions we lost? And what -- why were we successful in a branded region for us? So, no, we don't have any information at this time. But we will be seeking answers to those questions and then pursuing our rights that we have under our contract.
Joe Zubretsky: I would characterize it as somewhat accelerating throughout the year. And I want to be very clear, when benefits get carved into a program, you do your best to understand the capitated rate you’re getting for that benefit. And sometimes it's right and sometimes it is not sufficient. So we’ve seen that in Washington with respect to the behavioral carve-in, we’ve seen it in Ohio with respect to the carve-in and the behavioral benefit that took place over a year-ago, and the acuity mix shift that has occurred and their redetermination efforts. So rates always do lag trend, but the good news is that our customers have been very rational and reasonable in understanding these cost pressures, and they have been included in recent rate discussions. And in fact, we had a midyear rate increase in Ohio to offset some of this pressure. So whether it's large claim activity, which is aberrant, whether it's the acuity mix shift, whether it's a carved in benefit, this is just managed-care dynamics and can be dealt with through operating protocols, utilization controls, network management and the like or in rate advocacy efforts. And the fact that we're still producing high 80s MLRS in the Medicaid business, 88% flat sequentially second and third quarter. I think is testimony to the fact that there is a lot going right in the portfolio even though we are seeing pressure in some isolated places.
Joe Zubretsky: It's a legitimate question. But I think it may be slightly mischaracterized. The rate discussions have been reasonable, rational. Rates appear to be actuarially sound. And any time you go through, as I said, the phenomenon of a benefit carve-in or a significant shift in acuity, you get these little rate shocks, which then quickly correct. I think the good news on redetermination is something we ought to really focus on. In this business, there's been a lot of discussion over many years as how does the managed Medicaid business respond in economic cycles? We don’t have to model it anymore, we know. And the fact that the Ohio economy is very strong, the fact that expansion members who actually do work and make some money are making more money now and going back to work, that puts pressure on membership roles. It makes an acuity mix shift happen on your existing population, but then it's collectible on rates, that's actually a very positive phenomenon. The fact that the good economy is creating pressure in one state, but then it's correctable through rates quickly is a very positive phenomenon and we no longer have to conjecture and guess how these businesses perform through economic cycles, we know.
Joe Zubretsky: Sarah, it's -- I hesitate to comment on what’s going on in the inner workings of our customer. Certainly, the churn or the turnover phenomenon you suggested is real. Everybody knows it, we know it. But I can't speculate at this point on what impact that might have had in the scoring. When we get the scoring, we are going to do what we normally do. We are going to evaluate it very thoroughly. We will go through lessons learned and what we could have done better, but then we are going to pursue our rights that we have under our contract to if we think we were not scored accurately or favorably, we will pursue our rights. But I can't speculate on what might have happened inside the department that created the scoring that impacted us.
Joe Zubretsky: As we continue to work down the path of developing a 2020 plan, certainly SG&A management is certainly something that's on our radar screen. We are not done yet. We think there's more efficiency in our operation that can be gained, but most of the large scale outsourcing that is going to take place here has already occurred. We did a very large-scale IT outsourcing last year as you know. We outsourced some of our very specialized and esoteric utilization management capabilities. We outsourced our nurse advice line earlier this year. So most of the large-scale outsourcing has been done, but not all of that is in the current run rate and that -- mostly that should be fully in the run rate in 2020, if that was your question.
Joe Zubretsky: Hey, it's a fair comment. I mean, without parsing the $300 million to $400 million of opportunity, I guess it would be just fair to say that its evenly spread across our book of business across our products and across our geographies. So, yes, if part of that was earmarked for whether it's G&A savings, payment integrity savings, care management savings, that whatever would have happened on the revenue that we lost will not happen. So I think that’s a fair comment. But we’re not going to start allocating our profit improvement opportunities to individual states and products. But it's a …
Joe Zubretsky: We have a fair number of, what I will call special situations, which at this time are still confidential, that we are working on. As you know, we submitted a response to the Kentucky RFP, that’s in process and we are told that will be announced sometime in the month of November, so imminently, and the other states we showed you at Investor Day, while RFPs had really dropped, Tennessee, Georgia, West Virginia, even Iowa to some extent, we are looking at. We have ground game ongoing in various greenfield states. We are evaluating opportunities. We’ve run every opportunity through a very disciplined set of screens. The regulatory environment, the ability to build the network, strength of the incumbency and the competition, and we will pick our spots.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, time nature of this news, it's a very legitimate question and one we are looking at. But I just don't have an answer specifically at this time for you, but obviously, we will be looking at the similarities and differences in the scoring dynamics for the two programs. And we will take that into consideration as we build our confidence level on winning the second award.
Tom Tran: No, nothing more to add to that, Joe. Our reserve practice remain very consistent. We feel that our reserve balance is very strong. You can see DCP have gone up two days. And none of these issue on the cost pressure you see there, M&A into any particular issue for our reserve balance at all.
Tom Tran: Sure. We obviously do not petition out profitability by specific market and even down by line of business of market, but I will provide a following general comment. The acuity of the population in Texas is generally higher because of the significant portion of ABD and MMP population in the state. So almost by nature it's much higher revenue PMPM, if you will. So with that generally we run the tax that you saw we disclosed that at a 91% MCR in the press release. However, the business is profitable. Overall, our Medicaid business as you know hovering around 3% plus or minus on an after-tax. So in some state it may be less, some state may be more than that midpoint. So -- but the business there is profitable abate the fact that it may be slightly less than the midpoint, because of high acuity of the nature of the population.
Tom Tran: In terms of the peer performance guidance, I think what you're referring to is there any sort of restructuring costs, or any kind of gain/loss on convertible, if that's what you’re referring to. And our EPS that we provided is all in. All of those item are in, okay? So in other words, we have roughly about a $0.12 of year-to-date net gain from the redemption of the convertible. So that said, that’s in the $11.32 to $11.55.
Tom Tran: Investment income, yes. I mean it certainly -- we have provided guidance with high investment and other income. That’s a combined two items there. And that's -- we’ve seen a little bit higher investment income in the third quarter. So that's why we up the guidance for the full-year.
