John C. Molina: Carl, it's John. There are a number of moving pieces in Texas, but we were able to make what we believe are some improvements in the fourth quarter, largely because some of the care requirements -- the sum of [ph] care requirements that began to move away on the population that came in, in the Jefferson Service Area. The mix that's shifting a little bit for -- a little bit more towards the STAR membership. We also don't have the same profit sharing that we had in 2011. And we think that we have done a pretty good job of making sure that we're staffed up and prepared for the influx of membership. Now having said all of that, we are expecting that across the entirety of the state, the medical care ratio will be 90% for the entire year. We're also adding pharmacy and inpatient responsibility, and we generally tend to do pretty well on the pharmacy piece. So while 90% is nothing to write home about, we think that we have put some mechanisms in place to help with the utilization, and we've done some nice work on recontracting some of the challenging hospital contracts. Long answer, but that's what we said in January, and we're sticking to it.
John C. Molina: And Carl, let me just add, despite the recent court decision, we are still accruing as though the rate is going to be decreased.
John C. Molina: Charles, the error that we made previously was we applied that 10% to all provider categories, and it turns out that the states did not apply it to all provider types and all provider services. So we had overestimated the impacts previously. We think we've got it estimated correctly now, and I think it's about a 3.5% hit.
John C. Molina: Charles, we don't have that much in terms of excess reserves that are material. We always keep an adequate amount for adverse deviation in terms of what we reserve, but we also have excess statutory capital. And if you're talking about the excess debt cap, it's probably $25 million or $30 million, which we can -- we'll be able to deploy for other things.
John C. Molina: And I would just add one other thing, and that is we just talked about the difficulty California has had in cutting the provider rates. Their budget's not getting any better, and this will save money.
John C. Molina: The thing that's driving that is primarily the addition of the ABD members, which we would anticipate would come in at a higher MCR out the gate just because you've got pent-up demand. So we also think that there may be some shift in mix as folks who aren't heavy utilizers on the TANF side may switch plans or may not re-enroll. And then you got pressure on the premiums. Washington does have a pretty significant budget deficit still. And there's pressure on the rates.
John C. Molina: I think you're going to see sort of a trade-out, Ken. As we move from a primarily TANF population, we're going to lose some membership. We'll pick it up as we get the ABD, but they have higher needs both on the medical but also the administrative. So we're not looking at decreases in staff, even though the absolute number of patients is going to go down. So I think it sort of gets washed out.
John C. Molina: I think initially -- this is John. At least for the first year, it's probably going to be much closer to a Medicaid-type margin. And the reason I say that is, the big additional piece, as Terry points out, are the Personal Care Services, the Personal Attendant Services, which really aren't even medical in nature but they are an important and expensive piece of the care continuum. And most of the states are going to try and have very long runways for continuity of care. So at least initially, there is going to be not a lot we are going to be able to influence on that piece, but it will come over time as we are able to keep those patients out of the nursing homes and out of the hospital. But I would not suspect that we're going to get Medicare-type of margins initially.
Joseph W. White: Yes. Carl, it's Joe. The $7.5 million, basically, we found out, I think, in November that, that increase we'd expect to have netted down to maybe 6%. It's really 3.5%. So essentially there was no incremental accrual in the fourth quarter. And in effect, what we had accrued at the end of the third quarter was adequate to take us through the year.
Joseph W. White: You may recall, Carl, at Investor Day we talked about a roughly 3.5% rate cut [indiscernible] in December 1, 2011. So that's what we're talking about there.
Joseph W. White: Correct. So Charles, let me express it this way. We do not ever intentionally carry excess reserves in our liability. So the reserve that we recorded at 12/31 is our best estimate of that reserve.
Joseph W. White: This is Joe speaking. It's 2 or 3 providers spread across 2 or 3 states for a total impact of maybe $2 million, $2.5 million.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. To distill a lot of detail, essentially, the contract amendment modifies the definition of revenue, in effect, modifies the denominator and the calculation of medical costs over revenue. It also changed the minimum percentage to 85% over the life of the contract. So it -- those 2, the change in definition of revenue and the assignment of an 85% minimum over the life of contract, triggered the accounting recognitions.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. And this is the transition that happened in Washington effective 12/31/2010 and then in Michigan during the course of the year. Our general feeling is that we favor arrangements that are more fee-for-service based because it helps in encouraging providers to send in their account or [ph] data. We collect that information as we pay claims, which is helpful from a patient care perspective and a rate setting perspective with the state. I'd say for -- in most circumstances, those agreements, that change was voluntary. I can't speak to the physicians on the other end, but again, we favor -- well, we do capitate the arrangements and we're okay with it when necessary. We do like the greater visibility into patient care than a fee-for-service arrangement can give us.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. What we've seen in the utilization has been pretty generalized. It has been, I'd say, very generalized. Births. First, we continue to show a drop in birth income, which would suggest some drop in birthrates. And flu, I don't think we have enough information to talk anything about. We don't see a whole lot of it as normal [ph].
Joseph Mario Molina: Charles, it's Mario. I really don't know. I mean, we're just going to have to see how this plays out. I think that one of the things the court said was that circumstances have changed, and that's one of the reasons they sent it back. So it's not a victory for the state or for the providers. They want further discussion, and we'll just have to see how it plays out.
Joseph Mario Molina: Scott, this is Mario. We haven't had a chance yet to examine the scoring, and so it would be premature for us to comment on that.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. We disagree with the Legislative Analyst's report for 3 reasons. First, many states across the country are going forward with similar programs, and there's been a lot of research done on this, so I don't think that a pilot is necessary. Second, this is really a federal initiative. The federal government wants to move the dual eligible beneficiaries into managed care programs that combine the funding for both to provide better coordinated care. And finally, I think it's unfair to the beneficiaries themselves to withhold coordinated care programs that can better serve their needs and make sure that they're getting the benefits that they're entitled to. So for all those reasons, we disagree with the Legislative Analyst's Office, and we side with the Governor on this.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. I also think that it's ironic, given all the discussion in Washington about accountable care organizations, we increasingly see the providers moving away from capitation and back towards fee-for-service payments.
Joseph Mario Molina: I think -- this is Joe speaking. I think they will certainly be higher, I know that will go as high as 90%. But we don't give quarterly guidance, but I think it's fair to say we've modeled higher MCRs in the second half of the year for Washington, yes.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. In terms of when we will get the final word out, I would imagine it will come with the state budget when that gets resolved. In terms of who's going to drive this, I think a lot is going to be driven by the governor, and I think that there are -- there is support and a legislature as well for this expansion. I think that people are increasingly realizing that coordinated care is much better for this dual eligible population than the current fragmented fee-for-service system. And we're seeing it not just in California, not just in Sacramento, but we're seeing that in the statehouses across the country. This is a growing trend, and we expect it to continue, and perhaps, even accelerate over 2013.
Joseph Mario Molina: That's a really good question. This is Mario. It's hard to know. I think it's going to depend a lot on the responses they get to the RFS. They have encouraged the local initiatives and the commercial plans to cooperate, and we have certainly done that in the Inland Empire and in San Diego and in concert with L.A. Care and HealthNet in Los Angeles County. And Los Angeles County is the largest county, so you might look for it to start there. But one of the other large regions in California is the Inland Empire. So I think those things are going to drive this. The other thing to think about is do they want to diversify the model? Do they want to do a 2 plan model and, for example, maybe a geographic managed care model like San Diego County. We just going to have to wait and see.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I just want to say thank you to all the employees. We saw marked improvements in operations, both on the health plan side and on the Molina Medicaid Solutions part of the business this year. And it was an outstanding year, blemished unfortunately by the Missouri contract loss, which we had to take in 2011, even though the contract loss won't actually take place until 2012. So my thanks to all my fellow employees, and we will see you at the next earnings call.
