Joe Zubretsky: Josh, this is Joe. First, I would answer your second question first. All that is to be determined. As you know, in past contract wins, both here and in the industry, that is certainly a possibility, but I'll leave that to further discussion. On the preparation, we've been in California for 40 years. We know Sacramento and San Diego very well. Our membership is likely to double there. We'll scale up. And so we don't see much of a big and heavy lift for Sacramento and San Diego. Bear in mind, we are in L.A. County. We're a subcontractor to the current commercial plan. We know the providers, we know the landscape and we're really confident that with 15 months to prepare, we have the 3 things that you need to be ready on day 1. We have the time, we have the money and we have the know-how. And we will be fully ready on 1/1/24 to handle the significant new membership in LA County.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, I think, managerially, it's a charge. I mean it's a cost that has to be incurred in advance of the revenue showing up, but we have to take it through earnings. 1/3 of it is IT scaling. The other 2/3 is staff. Take the variable cost of running $6 billion of revenue and look at having 2 to 4 months of that cost paid for trained and ready to go in advance of the contract. And you can see how easily it's going to cost $60 million pretax and $0.75 a share.
Joe Zubretsky: No, Justin, this is Joe. We won't comment specifically on the protest process itself, but with all 3 awards. We believe that the RFPs were thoughtfully designed and well executed by the various states and that our proposals were effectively judged on their merits. We are very familiar with the protest processes in these various states and are actively engaged and well-resourced to handle it. And right now, we're heads down, preparing for day 1 implementation. We're pretty confident that many of these protest processes will not be protected and come to culmination and an answer in due course very soon.
Joe Zubretsky: No, I think our outlook for COVID remains the same. It's going to cost us $2.50 a share. And generally, what's been happening is the direct cost of COVID-related care, which have been pretty modest quarter-to-quarter have been nearly -- entirely offset by what we call COVID-related utilization suppression. And therefore, the net COVID cost has been the amount of outperformance in our Medicaid contracts that goes into the risk-sharing corridor. So our outlook on that hasn't really changed. Yes, we are expecting a normal flu season for 2022 into '23. $40 million plus is a normal flu season for us. It went to nearly 0 in the first flu season after pandemic. It's now increased to about half the normal size at about $20 million, and we expect it to go back to $40 million plus into next year, fully baked into our forecast.
Joe Zubretsky: Stephen, I think the summary comment on the rate environment, it's continued to be stable and rational. The traditional process of establishing a credible medical cost baseline, a trend off that baseline, adjusting for changes in the acuity of the population and carve-in and carve-out benefits has been tried and true and supported this business well for decades, and that's the traditional process that is used. As we indicated many months ago, the risk-sharing corridors that were introduced during the pandemic to capture [software] utilization have generally subsided. There's 3 remaining. And we'll play it by year in terms of whether those persist into the future or not. So the rate environment is very stable, very traditional process of establishing a cost base line and a trend off that baseline. And I would say, the overall rate environment is stable. I had trouble hearing your second question, but I'll kick it to Mark. I think he has it.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, A.J. Our outlook for the margins of the Marketplace business is mid-single digits on a pretax basis. This year, we expect to be profitable on a pure period basis, eliminating the effects of the prior year risk adjustment true-up which we experienced in the second quarter. We break even in this business at around 84%. So if we can operate between 80% and 83%, we think we can push the business to mid-single-digit pretax margins. And I will mention 2 things. The SEP membership that we are attracting this year is far lower than the SEP membership we attracted last year. We are attracting 25,000, 30,000 a month last year, and it's barely 25,000 to 30,000 a quarter. That SEP membership, as we said last year, it usually comes in with higher acuity. So that's in check. And secondly, as a reminder, we put 13 to 14 points of rate into the market. We've looked at our competitive positioning and looking at where our product now stands against the competitors, and we're pretty confident that we've maintained our competitive position in many of our larger markets and have no reason to expect that our membership will meaningfully increase or decrease as a result of our competitive positioning.
Joe Zubretsky: On the second point, our redetermination forecast on how much revenue we will likely lose as a result of people becoming ineligible does not include a recapture on Marketplace. We're holding that as upside. It's very hard to forecast who is going to be eligible for a highly subsidized Marketplace. We believe many of them will. We have operational protocols in place to warm transfer ineligible Medicaid members over to our Marketplace business. So it remains upside to our forecast. I'll turn it to Mark to give you how the revenue emerges over a 2-year period.
Joe Zubretsky: The other thing I would say about embedded earnings just to put a point on it, I just want to make sure we don't get to caught in what I'll call false precision here. Our embedded earnings concept, given the historic nature of the pandemic and then the incredible growth we've had due to acquisitions and new contract wins, is to give our investor base a view of the future earnings power of the business, whether it's $5 or $5.75 or $6, it's sitting on top of $19.50 or $20.25 of earnings per share in 2023 and should give you a pretty good leading indicator of where the business is headed. Now I would further say on embedded earnings. Embedded earnings is really only theoretical unless you have a history and a track record of harvesting it. And when you look at our earnings per share track record of going from $13 per share to $17 and now to $20, we -- this is not theory. This is actual embedded earnings due to timing, which is yet to be harvested, and we have every full intention of pulling that through.
Joe Zubretsky: And of course, the underlying assumption is that even if those low utilizers, the percentage did change, the underlying assumption that is being made is those are the ones that are going to leave and there's really no evidence. We always have 0 utilizers. We always have low MLR members -- and there just is no statistically relevant data that suggests that, that's going to put pressure on the MLR.
Joe Zubretsky: I'll answer the last part of your question first because there was an important data point that just emerged Tuesday. And that is the one protest in Nebraska was denied on Tuesday. That's public information. So I'm not announcing anything that's private. And whether that goes through an appeal process or other administrative processes, I don't know. But that was -- that protest was denied on Tuesday. With respect to your question, I don't want to speculate. I think it would be actually inappropriate for me to speculate what the state of California, the Medicaid department and the administration would do during the protest process. I think there are ranges of scenarios of outcomes. The one we're planning for is that our award was in a well-structured thoughtfully design process. It was evaluated on its merits, and we are heads down preparing for day 1 implementation to make sure that members have access to services, providers have their questions answered, our staff is fully ramped up, and that operational excellence has been our hallmark. So I think it would be improper and perhaps even speculative for me to contemplate what the state might decide. I think there's a range of options. But right now, we think that we're going to be in business in L.A. County on 1/1/24 and getting ready to do so.
Joe Zubretsky: Yes. Our new business development capability, it's really an apparatus. I mean it's a business unit, and there's a playbook. The playbook [indiscernible] go into the state 2 years in advance in anticipation of an RFP developing the relationships with providers, with community leaders and really getting an intense understanding of the hot buttons of the state and what particular -- what their particular concerns are with respect to their Medicaid population and their Medicaid program. Whether it's our government affairs engine, whether it is our community involvement engine, our network developers. And secondly, I would say that it's -- and our proposal writers, which we've proven that we can write high-quality proposals that are easy to understand and that score really well. But I will tell you, the key to writing a great proposal is actually being able to stand behind it and actually perform and the referenceability of our national capabilities, social determinants of health, managing high-acuity populations, opioid use disorder, substance abuse and other types of behavioral conditions, our ability to value-based contract, I mean, it's one thing to write well to innovation. It's another thing to be able to stand behind it with referenceability. And as a pure-play Medicaid player, our skills and capabilities are entirely referenceable, are playing really well and seem to be winning.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Scott. And we did see that note and we thought it characterize our approach perfectly that we priced for margin and not to grow market share in this business. With respect to the market exits that you've read about, we've mapped our footprint to the companies that are exiting. There's not a lot of overlap there. Where there is, CMS has sort of "assigned" or at least suggested to various members that they move to a Molina product, but it's measured in the thousands, not the tens of thousands. We still don't know what the overlap is in Texas. We haven't seen the data yet. But all in all, I would say that the market exits should not have a meaningful impact on whatever our growth rate is going to be next year, the market exits should not have a meaningful impact. And yes, you're absolutely right, we priced purposely to produce mid-single-digit pretax margins, but the revenue fall work made.
Joe Zubretsky: Yes, Calvin. One of the things we haven't talked about yet because right now, job one is to scale up our operations in California to handle the Medicaid membership, job one. But yes, L.A. County, in particular, has a very high concentration of D-SNP members and Marketplace participants. And while we have those products in California, because of our small presence currently in L.A., I wouldn't say that we have a large LA presence in those 2 products. But yes, we would quickly evaluate whether we would -- once we're comfortable, we've got the day 1 readiness in place, fully scaled and operating well in Medicaid, we would absolutely evaluate whether our Medicare product and our Marketplace product would be -- we followed the same pattern we followed across the country, plant the Medicaid flag come in with our ancillary products and build a robust and diversified product portfolio. I would consider that upside to the growth case, but we have not included it in our current estimate.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, right now, we're planning that we will be implementing our Medicaid contract on 1/1/24. That's what we're planning on. And let's assume that happens. I would say that we would not be -- we haven't valued in this yet, but I think would be pretty quick and pretty early to then be filing 2 ancillary products 6 months later until we know that we've got the Medicaid population well serviced and operating excellently. So I would say, just off the top of my head now that you've asked, it would probably be more like a '25 filing for '26, and not '24 to '25.
Joe Zubretsky: Thank you. Well, with all the new contract wins, we didn't spend a lot of time during this earnings report to talk about M&A. But I will tell you, the portfolio, the pipeline continues to be very robust with the same type of bolt-on tuck-in acquisitions that have been our hallmark. We're up to about $10 billion of revenue purchased. We've only allocated capital. We've only cost us about 22% of revenue, which includes regulatory capital. And we've gotten every dollar of accretion we promised and more out of these acquisitions because we turn our operational leaders and their playbook on some of these underperforming properties and we get them to target margins rather quickly. So we have ample capacity, as Mark talked about in his prepared remarks, ample debt capacity, great cash flows. We're in no way capital constraints to continue on the growth trajectory. We've had 18% to 19% growth since our pivot to growth in 2019. We promised 13% to 15% at our Investor Day. We produced close to 20%. We can continue to grow at this rate, either by acquisition or by organic or by new contract wins and continue to fund this growth from existing cash flow and debt capacity.
Joe Zubretsky: I think from a footprint perspective, counting the number of counties can actually give a misleading answer because we're only probably at about 50% or 60% of the Medicaid counties. However, were in counties that cover 90% of the population. So we're pretty well saturated and penetrated in the Medicaid counties, which is our strategy, follow bring D-SNP into where you're concentrated in Medicaid. Our strategy is very simply is to grow at low teens rates in Medicare. It's a low-income offering, D-SNP, we have our demonstrations, which are basically auto assignment and you roll with the auto assignment algorithms of the federal government. And then, of course, we did launch what we call traditional Medicare Advantage, but it is a low-income strategy. We're not trying to compete with the big guys who are going after affluent seniors. We're targeting people that have enough resources to operate just above the D-SNP income levels and wherewithal levels, but still need a Medicare Advantage product. So it's still a low-income niche offering, and we expect to grow, as we said at our Investor Day, at low teens rates.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. It's -- there's one commercial plan in Los Angeles. And we are a subcontractor meaning in return for a percentage of the premium we service the members. It's under 100,000 members. But we know the environment very well. But it's a very small relationship. It's only a couple of hundred million dollars in premium, and I believe that latest count that I've seen is we're probably at around 70,000, 75,000 members in that book of business. So it gives us familiarity with the territory. Obviously, we have a big installation there with respect to headcount footprint. So we know the area very, very well. But that relationship while it gives us the familiarity that's going to help us scale up, it's financially very small.
Mark Keim: Sure. When we think about the $1.7 billion of organic growth, that was a 2-year number from our build that's looking over 2 years. Justin, we typically think of 3% to 4% organic growth on an annual basis. Generally, that's about half membership and about half rate. In a year, that's more or less. We're in a lower rate environment right now, which certainly matches trend. But you can do a little bit of math on our current book and work with those organic growth numbers. The other thing that you'd want to stack on top of this, as you think about that organic growth rate is you have to adjust for some of the pass-throughs that we have in our book right now. We've got about $500 million of pass-through revenue this year. So of course, that's going to make a year-over-year comparison less than it might otherwise look because that's not a recurring item, right? Then the only other thing to think about on organic growth is, as Joe mentioned many times on Marketplace, our Marketplace strategy is not to grow ambitiously. So I would not put a meaningful growth rate or any growth rate necessarily on Marketplace year-over-year. But I think if you add those things together, you'll get very close to the 1.7 number I talked about.
Mark Keim: No, that's exactly right, Joe. The 3% is fully loaded. As we've said numerous times with fixed cost leverage, we would ideally see a few bps go to the G&A ratio. But this is conservative and assumes maybe that you give a little bit back in rate. But nevertheless, a conservative view on outlook -- now part of your question might have been 24 ramp into 25 run rate. The 3% is a conservative view of run rate. On the 24, how does that ramp up? It's interesting. Some markets, if folks are new to Medicaid, they can come in hot in the '90s for the first couple of quarters. Other markets where people have been in Medicaid and are quite used to the product and on normal utilization. They'll come in more at the normal run rate. So to be conservative, I'd say that the [MLRs] will be a little bit hotter than we aspired to. Remember, 88% to 89% is our longer-term Medicaid outlook. Would they come in a little hotter than that in the first year? Maybe. But I wouldn't think too much. And so conservatively, we say it takes a year to get to our run rate there.
Mark Keim: Yes. Just on the Medicaid revenue build, I'll work off 2024 just for the full picture. We talked about $5.8 billion from the 3 new states. The acquisitions will add $1.4 million, that's AgeWell, which is about $0.5 billion on top of this year and My Choice, which will be the full $900 coming in -- full $900 million. Other components of Medicaid revenue build redetermination across the 2 years, I see revenue headwinds of $1.6 million. And we mentioned in the prepared remarks, that would be split between the 2 years pretty evenly, we expect. Then finally, we have mentioned 2 pharmacy carve-outs that will affect our Medicaid revenue for about $700 million across the 2 years. You put your best assumption on the organic growth for Medicaid, and I think that would give you the components of the Medicaid building blocks.
Mark Keim: Yes. Just as a reminder, the most recent extension was on October -- mid-October to mid-January. We expect that the earliest states would start to redetermine then a month later in February and expect them to do it in a straight-line basis, more or less, across the year. CMS has required states to be done in 1 year, whether they can do that or not remains to be seen. But let's assume that they get there across 12 months. We're currently carrying roughly 750,000 members since the start of the pandemic. Our assumption, A.J., is that at the end of the year, we will have retained 50% of them and lost only 50% to redetermination. I model a PMPM across the book of about $3.75 on these. So when I do the math, the total revenue loss would be $1.6 billion. But remember, that's spread across 2 years. While the membership comes down this year, the revenue was half this year and half next year. If you look at the member months, so call it 0.8% this year, 0.8% next year, back to that into your revenue models. And of course, the member months will support all that.
Mark Keim: Yes. So let me walk you through that. In our last call, we talked about $3 of embedded earnings. As Joe mentioned, we're increasing that by an additional $3 to recognize the run rate of the 3 new states. So we're at $6 currently. The dollar that comes down -- excuse me, we're going to put $1 into our guidance -- our outlook for next year. It's a combination of the acquisitions and the net effect of COVID. I'm expecting about $0.50 to come off the net effect of COVID that we're currently carrying. I'm expecting to realize about $1 of the acquisitions that are in our embedded earnings. And then finally, on redeterminations, $0.50 will go the other way. In my embedded earnings, I'm carrying $1 -- a negative $1 on a redetermination $0.50 of that's going to go into our outlook for next year. So you add that up, that's the dollar. Then finally, we're recognizing the $0.75 of onetime costs. So that gets you to $5.75 million to $6 a dollar for what we're putting into our outlook, increased it for $0.75 for the implementation cost that gets you to $5.75. And to be very clear, that $5.75 is off the $19.50 of adjusted earnings outlook.
Mark Keim: Joe, I'd just put a point on that. A year ago, we had more than $6 of embedded earnings and 4 of that went into current year performance. So it's quickly converting into real earnings.
Mark Keim: That's exactly right. I studied this across the second and third quarter, it's quite in-depth. On members that are with us for longer than 1 year, of course, they're up. But as Joe mentioned, they're not up as much as you might think because the disenrollment rate is actually quite meaningful still. It's not like no one leaves. We still have meaningful disenrollment rates. So what we look at is the members with no claims, it's up a little but not that much. Some folks have also looked at the members in the 0 to 25 MLR range. That's up kind of like the no claims cohort, but not that much. When we then model through what the impacts are, as Joe mentioned, ABD really hasn't changed. That's a very stable group of folks. It's really in the expansion population that we expect to see some impact, but that's 30% of our revenues on a weighted average basis. I'm not seeing a meaningful impact here.
Mark Keim: In expansion, it's fairly slight. But the other thing is what are they changing to? If there are 0 utilizers now, if they go to 90%, to your point, that's a big impact. But if they're going to anything in between, obviously, the weighted average impact not so much. And again, more to the point, if it's mostly an expansion, which is 30% of our book, the impact gets greatly diluted.
Mark Keim: Just to put a point on that, Dave, the pipeline is robust. At any given point, we're relationship building. We're in discussions with numerous targets out there. So I'm very encouraged by that. On a capital perspective, looking out over the next 18 months, I feel very comfortable with our capital position. Just organically, we can self-fund most of anything I see in the pipeline between the capital commitment I need for these new procurement wins as well as the capital for some of the potential M&A. I see ample organic cash flow and capital to support all that without even going outside. Now I wouldn't say I would never go outside to raise more capital. But with everything I see over the next 18 months, we can self-fund all that growth, and we're still looking at our M&A pipeline to see what else is there. So we feel pretty good about that outlook.
Mark Keim: Great. As Joe mentioned, starting from $17.75, as I've mentioned, about $1 comes in from our embedded earnings. It's a little bit off the net effect of COVID. It's the M&A portion that's yet to be realized. And then it's a little bit of a headwind on redetermination in 2023. Organic growth, we talked about that, which is just the recurring growth of rates and membership. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the operational catalysts, the PBM renegotiation and the upside on that, the real estate rationalization, which I expect to address here at some point in the fourth quarter. Investment income, definitely upside on that. We manage an $8 billion portfolio today split between cash and longer-term investments. Who knows where short-term rates are going. But certainly, on the cash portion, our net investment income is very responsive to those rates. So I think some nice upside there. All those things bridge you to the 2025 core number that Joe mentioned the $0.75 gets you back to the $19.50. Michael, you addressed a bunch of the things that are potentially. We're still working through on the Marketplace, how will open enrollment work, more importantly, on redetermination. What is the cross-sell opportunity as folks come off Medicaid, maybe into Marketplace, that's all upside. We don't assume any of that in our outlook. -- you certainly hit on the net investment income upside. We continue to work through this rate environment as we go into the new year, most of our rates aren't known definitively. We work through that as we go, so that's something we're thinking about every day. But as Joe mentioned, those rates need to be tied to trend, that's an actuarial requirement. So let's see where trends in rates move. That's one thing that's still evolving in our outlook. But overall, I think you got the core components there, and you mentioned a number of the potential items on top of it.
Mark Keim: And just 2 things to put a point on that. The service area expansion was largely for the '22 year. For '23, we're not seeing a meaningful service area expansion. And I know you know this, when you look at our growth rates on the Medicare segment, the growth that Joe is talking about is related to the Medicare Advantage and D-SNP products. The other half -- more than half of that segment is the MMP product, which, of course, has a different growth characteristic being a close block of business. So I know you know that dynamic, but it's important to think about the 2 components of growth separately.
