John Molina: A.J., this is John. What I would say is we do have some seasonality Q4, but really the medical costs are coming in line a little bit faster than we expected but I wouldn’t draw any conclusions on what that first half of the year as to the second half of the year, because as we’ve talked about in the past, we’re not going to update guidance unless something material changes.
John Molina: It’d be continued leverage but I think the thing we have to look at with respect the admin ratio is, as we’ve discussed before, we have profit the caps, medical cost floors and those are achieved largely by reductions in revenue, but in the case of a marketplace for example while we may reduce the revenue for things like risk adjustments, the marketing costs, the broker commissions et cetera are flat. So as a percentage of the revenue, we get from marketplace, it’s higher. But I’d say all in all, both admin and medical claims are -- medical costs are coming in, in a way as Mario said that makes us very pleased.
John Molina: Okay. Sarah, this is John. Let me see if I can take those three questions now in order. On the MLR side, there were no rate increases. I think that the MLR is where it is because we’re doing good medical management. On the three Rs, there was no true up. And in terms of the SG&A, there was no significant increase either from the offering or from M&A.
John Molina: It’s like the John show; I’m getting all the questions. We actually hedged; there are two systems state provides to us to use and unfortunately the last time order from the state the two systems were in bit of a conflict. So, we have no further information other than state is rerunning the data and will get back to us as soon as they have good confirmation.
John Molina: The enrollment is right where we expected to be. Remember in Puerto Rico we are serving two regions and we are the only health plan in those two regions. So, if you are on Medicaid in either of those regions, you are a member of Molina. In terms of cost trends, just a little early to say anything; we’ve got three months worth of experience. So, when we have more to report at the end of the third quarter and certainly going into the fourth quarter.
John Molina: Sure. We are seeing smaller health plans just like the three that we talked about today, provider sponsored plans that realize they want to focus on being providers for us and not being in health plan business. And as we’ve discussed in the past we’re also looking at companies that can help broaden our service capabilities.
John Molina: Peter, in some states it will, as Joe mentioned in some states there is credibility factors which have a different effect. But we’re confident that we are accruing everything correctly for the marketplace.
John Molina: I was waiting for you to ask me that question. We are seeing more of our members go into our own delivery system. We’ve seen -- that has at least two effects. We do know that in our own clinics we tend to get patients with more chronic illnesses, so until we get the risk scores and everything turned around there, I think that we’ll see a little bit higher MCR, we also have some hospital contracts that we’re in the process of renegotiating which are a bit higher than we like them to be.
John Molina: We don’t anticipate being able to adopt the executive comp starting next year because the marketplace has been successful for us. We like the product and are going to continue to try and grow it the way we did in 2015.
John Molina: The ability to have affordable products for the population that Mario talked about is very important and core to the mission of the company. So, our ability to lower the price going into next year was very important and with the balance being able to lower our costs for our members and making sure that we have the right margin on the business. I don’t know if it was 8% across the board or what but it was our goal to balance those two items.
John Molina: We haven’t started to engage with the state obviously. We put a lot of effort into the MMP programs across all the states and so we like to see the programs continue. But we’re not going to speak for the state Medicaid agencies.
John Molina: I don’t think that either state is intentionally staying there so long. In both Michigan and Utah, the dollars have been passed through the budget by the legislatures. But in fairness, there is a lot of stuff going on in both of those states. Michigan is putting out a new RFP; Utah is taking about expansion of Medicaid. And what we’re waiting for is the contractual language, the contracts amendment to solidify that. So, we are very comfortable that the both states intend to pay us in the future and we’re being patient. And that’s why again it’s becoming a smaller and smaller issue. So we’re happy not to talk about it anymore.
John Molina: Since these are in-market or “bolt-on acquisitions”, they tend to perform slightly better than company average but we’ll get into the accretion numbers etcetera in 2016 at our normal Investor Day A.
Joseph White: To your first question, that’s not a cash flow issue for us. The state, if they were to take money back would have to take money back from us if we miss the measure. So, it’s not a cash flow issue. To the second point, obviously we don’t know what are peers are doing in the state but from our perspective, the quality measures break into two broad categories, about half of them we have which are HEDIS based measures, we have good insight to and we’ve been recognizing revenue associated with those measures. It’s just these other measures that we don’t have insight to that we’re not recognizing revenue. So for us, it splits out about 50-50 of the potential. I don’t know what our peers are doing obviously.
Joseph White: That 32 million is what is unrecognized. So, if you take the potential, it would have been around 64 million. We’ve recognized 32 and there is another 32 out there.
Joseph White: In general, we’ve been seeing very good experience on the marketplace. As far as three R true-ups we’re helped in a few of our states because of credibility of factors where we’re not having to accrue MLR get backs. But we’ve actually got a nice table on the three Rs at the very end of our 10Q where you can see how we’re positioned for 2015. I think in general though it’s fair to say that pretty much across the board, the marketplaces have come in very well for us this year.
Joseph White: I think as we leave the protection, if you will, the credibility factors as the plans get bigger, we could obviously see higher MCRs.
Joseph White: I think it was around 40 bps but obviously our tax rate has been in such flux lately that I’m not sure you can really adjust that very easily. But I believe it was around 40 bps when we talked about it last year.
Joseph White: Brian, I don’t know if it’s one-timeish but remember last year there was the PCP parity and then also we had some retroactive adjustments to our MMP rates in California sort of normal course reconciliation that hit this quarter.
Joseph White: Whatever comes in would be a direct increase to pretax income. So, there is no offset in terms of expenses or anything.
Dr. Mario Molina: This is Mario. We said at the beginning of the year that we were going to provide annual guidance unless there was a material change. Earlier this year when we did the stock offering, we did update the guidance because of the change in the share count. But at this point we are going to stick by our policy of providing annual guidance. The number is what it is. The performance is running better than what we had forecast.
Dr. Mario Molina: This is Mario. We obviously feel pretty good about Michigan. As far as Iowa goes, I wouldn’t care to speculate at this point. We submitted what we think was a good response and we will just have to see how the scoring and the awards come out.
Dr. Mario Molina: With regard to the MMP contracts, I think the results right now are lumpy and that’s for a couple of reasons. First of all, we’re getting a lot of new enrollment and the numbers are still small. So until things stabilize, I think you will see fluctuations. The other thing is that depending on the state, in some cases, our medical costs are higher than anticipated on the Medicare side whereas in other states the costs have come in a little higher than anticipated on the Medicaid or the LTSS services. And some of that is a function of our experience with those services. But I think that as John pointed out, I wouldn’t read too much into it at this point. The numbers are small, things are still in flux. And it’s going to be a while before everything I think settles out. Generally speaking, it takes nine months to a year for things to kind of stabilize. So don’t read too much into the quarter-to-quarter numbers.
Dr. Mario Molina: It’s difficult question for us to answer. What I can say is that our strategy was to offer products that would be attractive to people who are at the lower end of the FPL, so maybe upto about 250% of poverty and that we wanted to build this as an extension of Medicaid. So that people who were coming off of Medicaid, the so called churn would be able to stay with their health plans, stay with their doctor. That’s how we’ve designed the products. I can’t tell you why there is a difference between us and some of the other health plans. But we had a strategy. I also think that we were conservative going in and that’s allowed us to lower our rats a little bit in the second year. So far our strategy is holding. We’ll see what it does in the third year.
Dr. Mario Molina: And let me just add, this is Mario. I think that it’s really appropriate to extend these pilots because the truth of the matter is some of them got started late and three years is a very short time to really analyze the effectiveness. By the time you get all the data and then try to analyze it, you’re talking about probably two to three years anyway. So, I think the three year timeframe was pretty short to do a really good analysis of the value of these new MMP programs. It makes sense to extend them.
Dr. Mario Molina: This is Mario. Let me take a minute on that. I think that the way things are settling out, Molina is turning out to be the purest of the pure plays that we are really focused on our mission which is to serve low income patients who receive some form of government assistance with their healthcare premiums. As you can see from the acquisitions that we have done, we continue to grow; we’re going to add 900,000 members this year. We have a lot of opportunity in front of us in Medicaid and especially when it comes to programs like the duals and the long-term care services. So there is plenty of room for us to grow, lots of accretive opportunities in front us and that’s I think where we sit in the sort of managed care ecosystem.
Dr. Mario Molina: Clearly we’re interested in Georgia and Iowa. We remain interested in states that have significant managed care opportunities in Medicaid. We are looking at companies for acquisitions that might give us capabilities that we don’t currently have. And as far as divestures go, the fact that we have the equity offering behind us now and the line of credit, we’re well poised to take advantage and move quickly in opportunities that they may arise.
Dr. Mario Molina: I think that we would be willing to take a look at Medicare Advantage assets, sure. We’d be looking at Medicare, Medicaid other companies that could fill in parts of our business portfolio in the area of long-term care services; there is a variety of things. We wouldn’t necessarily shy away from Medicare Advantage.
Dr. Mario Molina: I would say that we tend to be conservative, if you look at the way we’ve handle things like the Texas pay for performance revenue and some of these other things, we tend to be on the conservative side and we would rather be that way; same thing with the health insurance fees. We think that health insurance tax will ultimately all be paid and we’ve assumed that in our guidance but we haven’t recognized all of it yet. So, we tend to be conservative.
Dr. Mario Molina: There are no events that we’re aware of right now that I think will drive the MCR higher. John did mention there is some seasonality. We typically see higher medical costs in the fourth and first quarters of the year. But aside from that, no. We continue to work on the MMP and the Medicare costs but nothing out of the ordinary.
Dr. Mario Molina: Great. Thank you. Well everyone, we hope that you will have a good summer what’s left of it and look forward to seeing you again at the Investor Day in New York in September.
