Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, Matt. Our forecast for membership in the marketplace starting the year with 500,000 ending the year with just under four and a thousand and didn't contemplate the special enrollment period. We are certainly aware of it. We certainly have forecasted what it could provide. And for those 90-days, it couldn't provide anywhere from 20,000 to 30,000 additional members. We are forecasting that potentially it could provide an extra $100 million to $150 million of revenue for the year. Now in the context of our margin recovery process, it is unaffected by that. We are very comfortable with the pricing we put into the marketplace, we are very comfortable with our product designs and our benefit designs, our product positioning, and we are very comfortable in achieving our mid-single-digit pre-tax margins for the year, irrespective of any additional revenue attained to the special enrollment period.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, it is very competitive. There is lots of new entrants, but we are very confident. And one of the reasons we are confident is the two areas of operational let down, if you will in 2020, utilization review and attainment risk scores. We have introduced operational excellence of those two operating fundamentals and our other two businesses. We are really good at it in Medicaid and really good at it in Medicare. And we were just behind and importing those skills that exist in our company to the marketplace platform. That has been corrected. And so we are very comfortable that by executing across those two fundamentals, we will get back to mid-single-digit margins.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure. During our prepared remarks, we gave a sort of a qualitative bridge - quantitative bridge committed bridge and understanding the catalysts and pressures inside our 2021 guidance all with the goal of helping our investors understand what might be looked at as a jumping off point into 2022. So here are the puts and takes. First of all, the net effect of COVID of $1.50 per share or $110 million of pre-tax will dissipate overtime as utilization comes back to normal, as the risk quarters disappear that $1.50 overhead will evaporate as the pandemic is solved. In addition, the Medicare risk score phenomenon, last year was an interesting year. Seniors didn't access health care. And so interacting with them, getting the right codes to attain the right risk force us was a challenge, not just for us, but for many of our competitors. Next year, we will either - meaning this year, we will either attain the risk scores, because they will be getting services, or if we aren’t satisfied that we can, we can include that in our bids. And last year, obviously, the bids were done far before the impact of COVID has ever known. So we are very comfortable that combined at $2.50 overhang sort of disappears as COVID gets behind us. As we said, in addition, our acquisitions are being integrated really, really well, and we are very comfortable with the $1 of accretion that we are putting in this year's guidance, but we are also comfortable in saying, that when they hit their full target margin and when Affinity is closed and hit its target margin, there is an additional $1.50 of earnings per share there. So all in, there is a good $4 of earnings per share embedded power sitting inside our 2021 guidance.
Joseph Zubretsky: We have created the bandwidth. We have an expert M&A team that finds the properties and knows how to action them and close them. We have built a world-class integration team. The Passport integration is going really well and the early read on the Magellan integration is going really, really well. That is why we are so comfortable in affirming the accretion targets that we have given you. We have actually very fortunately, laid out quite nicely on a timeline. By the time Magellan is fully integrated, we would just be closing on Affinity, perhaps by the second quarter. And so if we action one, two or who knows how many more this year and they close either late in the year, early next year, the timeline couldn't be more amenable to being very effective at integrating them and harvesting the accretion that we promised our investors.
Joseph Zubretsky: I want to make sure I understand your question. You are talking about the puts and takes within our 2021 guidance or beyond.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure. Well, bear in mind that the core performance here is irrespective of the net effect of COVID, which is tracked in a different place as the way we have articulated this. So the $1.25 is mostly the marketplace since that was the business that underperformed last year. It was just about breakeven in 2020, and we are targeting mid-single-digit pre-tax. And if you look at the potential for $1.9 billion, $2 billion of revenue, you can start to formulate a picture of how that is a significant contributor to the $1.25 core performance tailwind into this year. There are some puts and takes there, but with Medicare and Medicaid margins where they are, we are going to grow the top line and obtain the margin position there is. But there is not a lot of margin upside in Medicare and Medicaid. So we are very comfortable with the position that we presented here from a core business perspective. Medicare and Medicaid are pretty much optimized with respect to margins. The marketplace as a first step to getting back to where we said we would be. A mid-single-digit pre-tax margin would be our target for 2021.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes, you are generally in the right area. If I were to break apart the dollar, I would say that $0.75 is Magellan, which is the top end of the range that we committed to for the first full-year of ownership, $0.10 on Kentucky. It would be very close to breakeven in the first full-year of ownership, and we will drive it to peak margins after that and about $0.15 on buyback. That is how you get to the dollar.
Joseph Zubretsky: We have attempted to capture all COVID impacts in the COVID line item. And just to sort of reframe how we track that, our estimate of COVID impact, is the amount of medical cost suppression we believe we have observed offset by the direct cost of caring for COVID patients. And then, of course, both offset by the impact of any liabilities generated due to the retroactive rate refunds or corridors. That is how we capture it. And if it related to an acquisition is captured in the COVID line.
Joseph Zubretsky: In Kentucky, the open enrollment period was extended to March 15th. So there is still members moving around. We began the year with 320,000 members. The latest accounting has us about in that same zone. But on March 15th, the period will shutdown, and we will know how many members that we are beginning our new contract with.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure. It is interesting because it is all about your assumption of how fast membership roles will attrite once the states turn redetermination back on. But I would tell you, in our numbers, the way the membership flows, both in 2020 and 2021, there is actually a member month increase in 2021, just based on the timing of both acquisitions and redetermination. So no, I would say that the redetermination process is with the 100% upside to our revenue and earnings picture in the year. We just felt it wasn't prudent nor did we have any credible way of estimating how many more members we would get if the redetermination pause was extended, and then how fast would they actually roll off depending on how states plan to implement the reintroduction of the determination. So I would just say that the redetermination issue or phenomenon is upside to both our revenue and earnings guidance for the year.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes. The way we look at it on a Medicaid basis, we are beginning the year with 3.6 million members. On January 1st, 200,000 members come over due to MCC. And in the first quarter, based on our historical average of about 30,000 a month during redetermination suspension. We pull in another 100,000 members. It would hit its peak at 3.9, but then 600,000 would roll off in the balance of the year. Now that is a pretty quick roll off, and it might happen slower, which is another perhaps element of conservatism in our forecast. And yes, if you then process that against 2020 and the timing of how membership grew and the timing of our acquisitions, there is actually a 9% number month growth in 2021 on Medicaid.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, sure, so let's provide the context for 2020. Our estimate of medical cost suppression for the entire year was about $620 million. That was offset by approximately $200 million of the direct cost of COVID care for COVID patients, netting to a $420 million surplus, we hesitate to call it a benefit, a surplus due to the impact on medical costs from the COVID pandemic. And this is not an estimate, it is an actual number, recorded $565 million of rate refunds, risk-sharing quarter of liabilities in the year and that combined with additional G&A of $35 million resulted in a net $180 million cost of COVID in our company for the year, which is $2.30 a share. Juxtaposed against that, to answer now your direct question, we are forecasting a more moderate, more modest level of suppression. And the reason is both the supply and demand side of the health care economy were shutdown last year for a while. Patients were afraid to go in for services. And if they wanted them, there were many executive orders and direct mandates not to provide elective and discretionary procedures. The supply side is open for business this year, but we still think there would be a demand side softening and will result in utilization suppression of somewhere around $200 million for the year, which is one-third of the amount of suppression we experienced in 2020. We will incur direct costs of COVID care. And the net of all that is somewhere between $140 million and $150 million. Most of this, we forecast will happen in the first half of the year. Hopefully, the vaccinations in the vaccine and social distancing will cause all this to really dissipate in the later half of the year. Now against that, we are also forecasting approximately $250 million of impact from retroactive or not retroactive, but risk-sharing quarters, I should say, which nets to about $110 million, which is your $1.50 a share. So the gross numbers are a lot less dramatic, but it is still netting to $1.50 a share. One of the reasons we are very comfortable of this estimate is really we focus on the net impact. Because if utilization is higher or lower than expected, there would be some flex up and down with the risk-sharing corridors. There is actually sort of a natural hedge between the suppression and the corridors themselves. So we look at the net number, we are very comfortable with that net number. And as the pandemic goes away, we think this goes back to normal times, and there would be no impact from COVID on a going-forward basis, obviously. So I hope that helps that tail with tape. I know that was pretty detailed, but that is what's included in our $1.50 estimate for the cost of COVID for 2021.
Joseph Zubretsky: Let me address the first part. The answer to the first part, the response is, yes, that is true. If you are already in a risk corridor and your medical costs go up or down, there is no net impact on the company. But that is the way to look at it, that because risk sharing corridors didn't address COVID suppression specifically, it just addressed through MLR, then if you are outperforming your MLR targets, you are getting back some money to the state. So the intention was to have a direct correlation between COVID suppression in a corridor, but the corridor is against medical costs generally. So the fact that we are very profitable in some states, the fact that we outperform many of the market participants in some states, the rate refund number is probably a little higher than people might have expected. But the answer to your second part of your question is correct. It will flex up and down in a state where we are already in a corridor and we are a state where there is not, we would either enjoy the benefits of additional surplus or the effects of additional higher medical costs. The only state that made - the biggest state that does not have a corridor in 2021 is California. Texas and Washington already have done and all of our other states continue them on into 2021.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, Scott. As we sit here in the second year of this global pandemic, we are not going to update our long-term margin guidance. We are just sort of going to go as you go, as you plow through this, start to form your views of what the landscape is looking like as you plow through it. I think that is the more prudent approach. But having said that, when you actually look at the pro forma impacts of many of these phenomenon that we consider quite temporary, you can pro forma this thing back to the high 3s or close to 4%. To the second part of your question, I actually hope that we always have a decrement sitting inside our margin for acquisitions that do not perform in their first year. That is a good decrement to have because if we can buy properties that are underperforming and with sweat equity, get them to perform, that is just another form of accretion. So the 40 basis points, this 40 basis points in our margin in 2021 in our guidance, that is literally related to the underperformance in the first year of our acquired properties both on the G&A line and on the MCR line. In the last part of your question was related to the risk corridors. Look, when they were introduced in 2020, they were clearly related to pandemic. They were presented that way, they were retroactive because they had to be because they were introduced mostly after the pandemic started. As they were reintroduced for 2021, they were presented as pandemic-related. The feeling was that there could be strange effects from the pandemic additional COVID costs, the cost of the vaccine, additional suppression, and that is why they were introduced on a symmetrical basis. You are protected on the downside and the state is protected on the upside. In CMS' approval guidelines, they have clearly stipulated that when they receive these for approval, they are viewing these as being attributed to the utilization impacts related to the pandemic. So it has been pretty clear to us that they were presented as relating to pandemic. CMS is approving them on the basis of relating to the pandemic. And we believe when the pandemic dissipates that these will disappear as well and will be back to the traditional rate-setting environment where rates are set prospectively using a credible medical cost baseline and a trend off that baseline.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, thanks for that question. We are only three weeks into the new government and look what has been done. We all knew that the new government would be proponents of the social safety net of making sure the disadvantage have access to high-quality health care and plenty of subsidies so they can afford it. And look what has happened just in the first three weeks in terms of the executive order, at least the intention to extend the PHE to the end of the year. the executive order to introduce the special enrollment period on the marketplace. The executive order that the euphemism in the executive order was encouraging states to look at prior administration policies, which was really taking a shot at the public chargeable and Medicaid work requirements. So just what's come out of the White House in the past three weeks is incredibly bullish on government-sponsored health care, particularly for the disadvantaged. To your other point, things can get done through the reconciliation process and they are going to. The three committees in the house that generally write to health care issues are ways and means energy, e-commerce and oversight. And look at the language that they are introducing, increasing subsidies in the marketplace up to 150% of FPL. Making the product accessible to people over 400%, capping the cost at 8.5% of their income, and so on and so on and so on. Just in three weeks of a new government, both in the legislative bills that are coming out of the House and from Executive order in the White House just couldn't be better for government-sponsored Managed Care, and we are pleased to see that progress already being made.
Joseph Zubretsky: The answer to your last part of your question, Dave, is no, we haven't. But it still remains to be seen what it does to the acuity of the population. Now because we haven't introduced many more members in our forecast, so our guidance only includes 100,000 member growth in the first quarter of the year and then the attrition starts in the last three quarters of the year. But we certainly have not forecasted a continued softening of the acuity profile of our membership base. And in fact, if that in fact happens, and it happens in a quarter, say, it will go back against corridors anyway. So net-net, The impact of the extension of the redetermination suspension is a net positive, on any dimension, it is a net positive to our guidance. We did not include any members past the first quarter, we rolled them off pretty quickly. As I said in my prepared remarks, if you take 500,000 members, which is sort of what we got in redetermination for every month at $300 PMPM there is $150 million of additional revenue. What is the margin profile of that revenue, you can speculate that it is very, very good as the acuity population improves as you get more members. But we have not included any of that impact in our guidance for the year, either the membership flow or a acuity improvement that is sort of a positive jolt to our earnings and earnings per share.
Joseph Zubretsky: We would love to balance it out with more Medicare. They are hard to find. But we would love to balance out with more Medicare. We are growing it nicely organically, but we would love to find properties that have Medicare Advantage or D-SNP populations. I would say along the lines you have asked the question, we more look to the state. Is it a bolt-on within a state where we don't have so much market share that we couldn't get it done? Lighting up new states is really important. High acuity, really important, we are really good at high acuity. And there is a lot of players out there that have a lot of high-acuity lives and have little ability to manage them. So the upside on $1,500 of premium per month is huge, huge margin potential. So I would actually say that the geography is important, we love high acuity. And if they are underperforming but not broken, all the better because then we will take our operating team, open up the Molina playbook and drive accretion through margin expansion.
Joseph Zubretsky: No. I mean, since we did not put the - any impact, if there is a positive impact from redetermination in 2021, since it is not in our guidance, we did not - then, therefore, create a headwind in 2022. So just to be very clear, I appreciate the question, any impact from the extension beyond April of any additional membership or a slower attrition of membership is not in our revenue guidance. And any profit enjoyed by additional member months in 2021 is not in our guidance. So as I said, we are really comfortable to it, there is only upside to 2021 on the redetermination suspension.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, I understand your question. I'm sorry, I apologize I misunderstood your question. No, and again, we weren't giving a specific 2022 outlook. We are more trying to craft the bridge that we gave you as if we are guiding to $13 a share for 2021, sitting inside that is an earnings power that is higher than $13 due to some temporary phenomenon. But we weren't necessarily trying to extend into 2022 with an earnings or revenue bridge. Sorry, I misunderstood your initial question. But now that will come at a later date.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, unless the suspension goes on and members stay on through the end of 2021, depending on other acquisitions that we might do, then there is the Affinity piece that is coming in. So we are not doing a 2022 guidance bridge per se. But I understand your question, and it is a legitimate one.
Joseph Zubretsky: We are going to be guarded in giving a forecast of where the margins will land. The competitive landscape changes every day. We are very comfortable in getting this to mid-single-digit pre-tax this year. Now our hope, again, given the competitive landscape, that would lead to mid-single-digit after-tax in the future. That is where we think the business could perform. But let's work through the 2021. There is a lot of revenue to bring on, a lot of members to service. Some of them are new. We will have to get their risk scores. So one step at a time, I asked my team, let's get to the mid-single-digit pre-tax margin this year. And then as we prepare our bids for 2022, let's sort through how much margin we think we can get and how much membership we think we can get. But starting the year with 500,000 and a 25% to 30% revenue growth year-over-year was a nice start to get back in the game in this business.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes, Josh, truth be told in that dollar is a little bit from the physician fee schedule. So we just didn't think it was that big enough to call out. So there is a little bit of physician fee schedule in there. But you are in the right zone, 2.5% to 3%, our risk score revenue is multiples of that, two to three times that at least from what I recall. And the industry had a choice last year. We are in the middle of the pandemic, it just started in March and April. We are now starting to develop your bid. And for the most part, while we always tend to be conservative in our bids, we didn't put any specific load for, okay, we are going to fall short on risk scores. Obviously, with hindsight, that cost us three points on the revenue line. But next year, meaning this year, we will either have an estimate of what we think we can attain, and then based on what we target for benefit design and our margins, we would then allow for that in the bid we submit. So either way, whether we get the risk for or whether we price to it, we think this is a one-year phenomenon. That is the way we look at it.
Joseph Zubretsky: Where did we end? Well, again, depending on whether you look at a normalized basis or not, but, On adjusted earnings for 2020, we are at 3.3% net income margin, normalized 3.9%. And I would tell you that the individual margins for the lines of business were generally in line with our long-term targets. So 3.3% adjusted, 3.9% normalized, and the lines of business, acceptable marketplace, obviously, which is close to breakeven, we are pretty much in line.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, well, utilization did remain suppressed through the balance of 2020. It wasn't as suppressed late in the year. But look, our team is on this. We have a crackerjack Medicare team. They are all over this, and their instructions are very simple, have a credible estimate of how many interactions you can actually achieve, what is your reasonable estimate of proper risk scores attained. And to the extent it falls short of your long-term expectation, make sure you consider it in your bid. So either way, and obviously, with the goal of making sure your product remains competitive with benefit designs from competitors. So the team is all over it. And the good news is this year, we will have full visibility. Last year, it was [indiscernible] submitting your bids right as the pandemic was in full throttle. And we made the conscious decision not to introduce that into our bid. This year, we would think otherwise.
Joseph Zubretsky: Thank you, operator. When we started this transformational journey over three-years ago, the work ahead moved pretty large. We knew that if we form the right team, that we could succeed, so we sought to recruit Managed Care industry veterans, battle-hardened veterans, if you will, who would know exactly what to do. Tom Tran personifies that. We developed a durable financial infrastructure that has been instrumental in our early success and which will have lasting impact. The team we built is a high-performing one, and we are very confident in their continued success. Tom's tireless energy, steady hand and good nature will certainly be missed by us all. Tom, on behalf of all of our constituents, and from me personally, thank you for your immense contribution to our success, and we wish you the best of luck and good health in your retirement. Operator, with that, we will end our call today.
