Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario, if you look at our Medical Care ratio for the first six months of the year, it comes in right at 89%, and that’s right in line with guidance.
Joseph Mario Molina: Certainly we did again Josh, I'm talking about the development to be clear of the reserve we established the 12/31/13. It didn’t come in as robustly, as we using anticipates. I think a couple of states may have actually met them below the margin, but the many states were essentially beneath the target margins I think we can’t attribute that any specific thing other than I just sink with the new membership we got sharing in January 1. I think our claims payment was delayed a little bit which extended our lag factors a bit.
Joseph Mario Molina: Exactly, 2015 versus 2015 for last year.Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. So I mean it does seem then like on a normalized basis that generally speaking I understand the concept of relating that’s hard to get a clean numbers if you don’t have prior, but it’s still directionally feel that the comment before that new enrollment coming and higher costs. Generally speaking is the right way to think about it and I think you guys have also talked about that historically that when you don’t have visibility on claims you take a little bit more conservative thoughts on MLR, So it is interesting that we have that enrollment coming on normally we would think it should be a higher MLR, the bridge in the ramping guidance is pretty dramatic obviously you are expecting to get the healthcare insurance fee in terms of payments. So, I just trying to think about the bridge there is it all about the G&A reduction and exceeding that is that kind of other big reason for the dramatic increase in earnings when MLR might not be the answer.
Joseph Mario Molina: That’s a big. It’s Joe speaking again. That’s a big chunk of it. I don’t want to model for everybody, but if you look at if you do the, if you look at where guidance is at on the revenue side versus where we’re today for the first half and then take the impact of the admin ratio, we talked about for the year which we still believe we’re going to get, it’s a pretty substantial number drop into the bottom line.Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And then just last question on the Texas incentive payments, just want to get an update, any color you can provide about your conversation you had with the state about where you’re versus those numbers and obviously that’s maybe restriction way it actually book at the just any color you have about the confidence of actually hitting those numbers.
Joseph Mario Molina: I think it’s Joe speaking again, I mean, I think that point since and we’ve talked about the delays is the rollouts in…
Joseph Mario Molina: Michigan and South Carolina. So, we don’t want to go in that level of detail, but I think it’s fair to say we’ll come up a little bit less than that.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well certainly one of the reasons that people opt-out in the Medicare side is if we don’t have their provider in the network. And it becomes more difficult on the Medicare side because these beneficiaries have multiple positions, whereas typically on the Medicaid side, the real contact with healthcare is through their primary care doctor. On the Medicare side, it’s often the specialist. And if you’ve got four or five specialists and one of them is not in our network, you may opt-out. So as time goes on, I think we will shore up the network. We do get information about who the providers are.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yeah, this is Mario. I don’t want to quantify that. Certainly the spending in the second quarter was greater than the first quarter. We request for the drugs seem to plateus, so we think that that’s going to flat now. And, I think that part of that is an expectation if there are new drugs in the pipeline and so some positions maybe waiting for those new treatments.Thomas A. Carroll – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company:  Okay, thanks for that.
Joseph Mario Molina: Ana, this is Mario. As I said before, the patients are older than our typical tenant members, but I still think it’s early for us to be making statements about the rates or the place of service or the kinds of services that they are getting. I mean for example we picked up a 100,000 members from the first quarter to the second quarter, and so I don’t feel that we have enough claims data yet to be making those kinds of statements beginning into lot of the member characteristics or healthcare patents yet, I think its developing and, we’re just going to have to watch it and maybe we can update you on that in future quarters, but right now it’s probably to assume.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, Ana, I think that’s an important point that John just made. In addition because of these sort of rate quarters that we have in lot of the contracts, there is some additional mitigation that you don’t see. We set aside money for claims that have been incurred but not received yet but there is also risk quarter or mitigation factors that will help us as well.
Joseph Mario Molina: California is looking at rates per certain counties in July but I don’t know haven’t seen them all yet and don’t know what the impact on the expansion if any is.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, we really don’t know. What I’d say as this. The members opt-out is a voluntary choice on their part. And we don’t have a lot of insight into things like what their prior care or what your health status today at a time they are opting out. We really don’t any get an information as to why they opt-out. It’s really anecdotal information that we get. We suspect based on our experience with the dual eligible special needs plans, that a big driver of this are the providers and the provider network that we have. But I can't give you that kind of detail as to who’s opting out and why and what their patterns of utilizations are, that’s just something we don’t have any insight into.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is John. I hate to make it that (indiscernible). As we’ve discussed, there is a lot of moving parts. But I think if you want to characterize it that way, I would think that just bringing the G&A down, that would get us beyond the low end.
Joseph Mario Molina: We don’t put a lot of stock in DCP, but I think you can expect it come down a day or two as the population mature, we work through our client backlogs and we get more confidentially where we are in terms about cost estimation.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, what I would say about that is, that we have a very good relationship with the Health and Human Services Commission. And we have dialogue with them as do the other health plans. I would not describe a lot of political mode of do anything at this point.
John C. Molina: Sarah, this is John. No we have not started paying back we still have a reserve or receivable from the stake. I think the run rate for California again there is a lot of changes in California especially now with the doors coming on, but as Mario said I think overall the picture is we are right tracking with guidance.Sarah James – Wedbush Securities Inc.:  Got it. And I hit a several back on this, but when I think about specific to this quarter, and the expansion number should if I am kind of doing the math on where run rate have been for a couple of markets and where MLR ended up it's just looked like a little bit higher than the number and some of the expansion in states like Illinois, Michigan, Utah, Washington. So I got the rest on tracks for the year, but just specific to this quarter are they at 88% or maybe that was never meant to be a quarterly specific number maybe that was the year end. Could you just talk about that a little bit.
John C. Molina: Sarah, here is the challenge while Illinois, Ohio and Michigan are expansion, they didn’t have much expansion enrollment in the quarter. It’s really hard to get that granular and give you folks a picture of the overall half of the company. So, rather than try to figure out what the MLR is for the expansion population in X-state or Y state. The message is everything combined is tracking per guidance just like we have been talking about.
John C. Molina: Sarah, this is Mario. Let me just add if you look at the six biggest states that we have California, Michigan, New Mexico, Ohio, Texas and Washington, four of those states are tracking with MLR’s below 89%, and two of them are above. So again I think overall it’s tracking within expectation and I don’t place a lot of emphasis on a small state like Illinois, it doesn’t really impact the numbers that much. So, we tend to focus more on the bigger states.Sarah James – Wedbush Securities Inc.:  Okay. Thank you.
John C. Molina: So Peter we always have higher cost from the new programs come on as Mario said, for the first half of the year the MLR, we haven’t see or rather is about 89% we’re expecting to end the year by 89%, so I think that sort of addresses your question.Peter Heinz Costa – Wells Fargo Securities:  Yes, but if you look at the trend that you’ve seen, it seems like it would be driving it slightly different direction, so what gives you the confidence that it’s not going to continue to go with higher loss ratio as we go forward.
John C. Molina: Take California as an example. California is the state that’s had the most growth, and their medical loss ratio is actually coming down. So I don’t think you can just make a blanket statement that the medical loss ratio is trending up and they were not going to hit that 89%. We still believe that the guidance number 89% is the right number.Peter Heinz Costa – Wells Fargo Securities:  I am just looking at generally your state, the state patterns other than California. California is a little bit of an exception with an improving loss ratio sequentially. Most dealers once, it didn’t improve particularly where you had membership growth.
John C. Molina: Well. We still maintained at 89% that we’ve put in guidance is the correct number for the year. And Peter remember we will always discussed that has the population sort of ages in as we have more time to get people under care management et cetera, we can bring them the medical care ratio down. So while may gone up sequentially, it will start to track down.Peter Heinz Costa – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay.
John C. Molina: They have told us Q3, but space it we recognized that often times when states are rolling out new data that there are delays.Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. All right. Thanks.
John C. Molina: I think that we are still going to be responsible for managing the long term care benefits. The savings that are baked in are baked in only for the MMP program. So if they are not fully enrolled there is no savings expectation. They are essentially like our Texas STAR PLUS members, where we are responsible for the long term care benefits, but there is no associated savings, the savings idea was that if you could co-ordinate the care for both Medicare and Medicaid there would be some synergy and some cost savings, to the extent that the members don’t participate in both programs that are outside of that contract.
John C. Molina: Yeah, I’m not aware that any worth playing pays retro actively I think that states are talking about what they can do on a prospective basis and I think that what I would say is it’s all over the math, every state is taking a slightly different approach to this and I think they are building that into the rates for next year. As I stated in my remarks earlier a big part of our concern is not just above all of, but all the other specialty drugs and I think that the governments needs to step in here and make sure that the market is rationale. If we as a health plan with rate increase, we have to go to our regulators and get it approved. There is no such thing going on in the pharmaceutical market. Right now, pharmaceutical companies can charge whatever they want and I think there need to be rational basis for all this. If we’re going to cover all of these people, all these uninsured people, the only way to do that is by bringing down healthcare costs and we can’t do that if we see a large number of specialty drugs that sell at the medical trend. So it’s a problem not only for Medicaid companies, but it’s going to be a problem for Medicare, for the VA and for commercial plans. This is truly a national problem that’s going to affect everyone.
John C. Molina: We generally don’t talk about how rates are progressing until we actually get rate manuals, rate sheets et cetera. But as Mario said, it does run the (indiscernible) from folks like Florida doing payment to others are going to increase the rates as certain percentage specifically for Sovaldi or our specialty drugs like Sovaldi.
John C. Molina: I think that with the discussions on the ACA fee and Sovaldi, those have sort of taken the forefront. So there hasn’t been a lot of discussion yet about base volume trends other than for Sovaldi et cetera. I think that now that we’re getting that populations in the MMPs getting in the Medicaid expansion, getting some data, will some of those discussions and trends to the forefront.
John C. Molina: Well, we certainly hope that this is not going to be on Managed Care, that’s sort of what we’re here for. And we are trying to manage the patients as best we can. As Terry mentioned for a lot of the patients we’re doing initial health assessments, we’ve got all kinds of care managers, John talked about the investments we made in Illinois. Across the board and this is reflected in our admin costs, we staffed up and you saw a lot of that infrastructure growth last year. So I wouldn’t say that this is just going to develop in an unmanaged fashion. We’re learning as we go. We will try to continue to improve on the method of care for these numbers, but I’m hoping that the tools we have will help us to manage them.
John C. Molina: Ana, this is John. I am not sure how a state could do what you’re discussing in terms of the last point. These are federal dollars, so I don’t know how the state could use it for their budget issues. There are number of states that have caps and floors with respect to the expansion populations, but the rates for the expansion populations have to actuarially sound. And so as we get data in on demographics and utilization, we’ll have discussions with the states on what the appropriate rates are.
Joseph W. White: Peter, its Joe White speaking. Hi, as you can imagine, I’m speaking because we’re going to get into a technical discussion right now which we try to avoid. You also though have to look at when you measure the quarter-over-quarter developments, you have to look at the way our estimate of our 12/31/13 claims liability played out. If you recall back to the first quarter, we anticipated picking up about $51 million of favorable prior period development from 12/31/13 that dropped to $37 million in the second quarter, about a $14 million swing. And within individual states, I don’t want to go into that much detail state-by-state, but prior period development of that size can move individual states pretty significantly.Peter Heinz Costa – Wells Fargo Securities:  That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Joseph W. White: Again it’s Joe speaking, and we’re venturing into a accounting technicalities here, but one of the real challenge is with according to the MCR in Illinois is that with anticipation the expanded enrollment and with anticipation of the dual eligibles coming on, we had a front load a lot of our medical management staff. So, if you think a typical health plan, if you think consolidated basis, normally what we called quality assurance costs, medical management runs about 2.5% of revenue. And Illinois it’s running about 10% of revenue. So, certainly it’s one of our higher costs medical markets, but if you normalized for the administrative costs burden, the medical management burden, you knock about 10% off for that MLR for Illinois.
Joseph W. White: Josh, it’s Joe and Terry is going to get into the more substantive business explanation of this in a minute. But as far as how we’ve reported this not the numbers, that the major factor here is Ohio. Unlike our other MMP states, in Ohio the state is enrolling in every one for their Medicaid benefits and the individual until January 1 to receive the Medicare piece of the MMP has to opt in. So the result of that is, we are getting a lot of – we are starting to get members in Ohio who are default to just in the Medicaid piece of the MMP benefit, and have chosen not to opt into the Medicare piece. So the result of that is what you see right there on the – in terms of the way we disclose enrollment in the earnings release.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. Again, yes, it’s the revenue recognition it’s also if you look at it compared to last year it’s also add to do with some timing of recognition of profit sharing to back of the stay.
Joseph W. White: Yeah. And I also think that there is an opportunity later on for those patients to voluntarily enroll, if they choose to. And I think that if we do a good job of managing their other Medicaid benefits, they may gain confidence in health plan and decided that they want to fully participate. So it’s not as if these members are permanently gone on the Medicare side, they could come back to us later.
Joseph W. White: Hey, Brian, it’s Joe speaking. That’s one of those mechanical developments in terms of how 12/31 changed, if that combined and again the numbers are small and consolidated but they are relative to some revenue adjustments on Medicare there.
Joshua Raskin – Barclays: Thanks. I just want to follow-up on Joe’s response here real quick, so relative to historical norms or normal course of business prior period reserved development was there any abnormal or was there any negative development in the second quarter.
Joshua Raskin – Barclays: Okay. And then massive pick on Illinois, but Illinois was like it’s mostly new membership right it’s tools and expansion. And the MLR is 106%, so is that – in my understand I would be surprised if you had enough claims data to make a call one way the other. So I would assume that sort of an underwritten margin. So is that what you’re expecting, we are expecting based on the rates that you were seeing that you be in the 106% range. Or do you actually have some claims data already that putting you towards a level that is higher than expected.
Joshua Raskin – Barclays: Possibly. And then they will get their Medicare assignment on January 1 possibly as well. And then there is probably an opt-out period after that as well.
Joshua Raskin – Barclays: Right. You will get a big bump in the auto assignment for Jan I and then it will sort of come down a little bit as people opt-out after that.
Terry P. Bayer: Josh I will just add two more factors and at this point we are telling you that we are tracking toward that 50% opt-out number which is one we put in guidance we don’t have any indication will not be there. Some people opt-out before they ever come into the program some opt-out in the first month there are in the program, but what Joe just explained Ohio was a different situation where the path of enrollment will not begin until next January. So you got Medicaid coming in and then a voluntary opt-in on the others. So there are so many factors I think we’ve discussed it late and look at Illinois, California and Ohio from our different points in the voluntary and passed that process and our conclusion is that we are not seeing that we will exceed that 50% of opt-in. The bottom line is too early to tell we are waiting for that information to finally come in.
Terry P. Bayer: Correct. They can opt out of Medicare at any time, I just want to also clarify for you the entire Ohio enrollment has not been assigned yet will that’s coming in segments and you are seeing in the June 30 numbers, only the first half in selected regions that will continue to occur over the next month or two.
Terry P. Bayer: This is Terry. We’re executing on our model of care that we have been working on and focused on the last few years. We use a model of care whether each trying to stable patients in our Medicare D snip and we’ve extended it now to the new enrollment. The patients are all risk assessment is completed upon their entry to the program and they are dependent upon that are modeling tools and our tearing of the severity and the need for immediate intervention. Folks are getting assigned to case managers. I think we have shared with you in the past we’re focused on community connectors and care transition workers, so that we’re working with members in their homes and when they leave the hospital just as much as we’re managing them during their in-patient stage. So our full care management model which is very focused on coordinating medical, behavioral and social needs is in play on these members, not 100% on day one and that’s where our triage mechanism come in place, so that we can focused on those of most greatest need in the beginning. There is also medication therapy management programs that come, so all of the members who have a high number of medical diagnosis and prescription drugs are each in dialogue with the registered pharmacist to coordinate their drug program and that’s another way that we focused on those most greatest need in the beginning.
Ana Gupte – Leerink Partners: Thanks, good evening. Appreciate for taking my question. I wanted to do get some qualitative color if you can offer it at this point on the Medicaid expansion lives as far as the venue or the site that they are presenting themselves. What types of services are they seeking? And you think about the premiums of about 50% to 200% higher depending upon with state you are in. And do you think there is adequate rates in there to cover maybe the upfront our patient pharmacy emerging you know those types of costs for potentially untreated, unmanaged patients.
Ana Gupte – Leerink Partners: And then we last talked I think there was something about a rate change in July, did that actually materialize and then California I might have just missed that all together but.
Ana Gupte – Leerink Partners: And then finally just on duals with the opt-outs that you’re seeing any sort of selection in that opt-out equation where the more acute care utilizes for the Medicare portion of this some more likely to opt-out because they get more unmanaged usage of that sort of (indiscernible).
Ana Gupte – Leerink Partners: And if I could seek on last follow-up on that point you made, do you do any outreach to these other same people so that you know who you’re reaching out to and trying to keep and retain within the system either through the provider base or any other channel.
Christian Rigg – Susquehanna International: Okay. And then, the DCP remained at an elevated level here from the first quarter and I guess I’m just trying to get a sense for what’s the right level to think about as we move into the back half of the year or maybe just a little bit longer term.
Christian Rigg – Susquehanna International: Yes, I mean it looks like there is some conservatism baked into that and you’re not alone in the industry at this point, but I’m just trying to figure out where you think that shakes out overtime.
Christian Rigg – Susquehanna International: Right and then I mean this is kind of crazy, but then when you think about Texas and sort of where they are cortically, big rate of governor who seems to low everything about the ACA, is there any political element in your mind with regard to them not agreeing, you have to remunerate that because they may just say, hey we don’t care, it’s a federal tax and we don’t want any part of it.
