Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Josh. Really, it was a function of the surge of special enrollment membership we experienced last year. If you recall, we took on 250,000 members between March and the end of the year. And of course, we had to really gear up and scale up to service that membership, including risk adjustment. So I think part of it was keeping pace with the surge of membership and getting the risk scores. I think part of it was the acuity of the membership. And I think another part of it was just the imprecise nature of actuarial estimations given that unstable environment. The good news for this year is we became aware of this emerging trend early in the quarter as we were developing our final pricing in the Marketplace, and we’re able to take the current view of the acuity of this population into consideration as we filed our final prices for 2023.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Stephen. I’ll kick it to Mark for some of the actual numbers. But as a matter of routine in the Medicaid business, one needs to understand the duration of its membership. Duration could have an impact on the acuity of a population. So it’s something we routinely look at. I will tell you that during the pandemic, the duration of membership, the length of time people are on the Medicaid rolls didn’t extend all that much. And I will tell you that the differences in acuity as measured by medical care ratios is not that much different on short duration members versus long duration members. We have lots of other actuarial and medical economics data points that suggest that the members that will leave, will leave at portfolio averages. But I’ll turn it to Mark for a little more color on that.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, one of the reasons why we settled in at $17.60 for our guidance is – let’s frame where we are. We just printed [indiscernible], revenues growing at 18%, earnings per share growing at 34% on both a six-month and a three-month basis, our pretax margins are 5% and after-tax margins are at 3.7%, and we did that by outperforming the ranges of our MCRs, which produce best-in-class industry margins. So, to continue to forecast that level of outperformance going forward, we thought was a bit imprudent and perhaps too aggressive. So, we were purposely conservative to merely forecast the rest of the year as operating within our long-term target MCR ranges. We are going to end the year at 4.5% pretax margin, 3.3% after-tax and MCRs squarely in those long-term targets, which again produce best-in-class industry margins. We are always looking for ways to improve the performance of the business. We mentioned two very significant operational catalysts going forward, the renegotiation of our pharmacy contract and the fact that we are moving to a permanent remote work strategy. So, we are constantly working the system to try to find ways to attain fixed cost leverage, drive down our G&A ratios and perform at the top end of our long-term ranges for the MCR.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Kevin. We are pretty disciplined in how we measure the COVID impacts, both the direct cost of COVID-related care and the offsetting curtailment. It’s been uncanny that as COVID infection rates spike, and therefore, the direct cost of COVID care increase, the offset of utilization curtailment has pretty much offset the direct cost of COVID-related care. Now, you are never sure whether that’s going to continue to be that highly correlated. But as I look back over every quarter that – during the pandemic, that has basically been the case. So, for the most part, our COVID cost is about two-thirds the corridors, the three remaining corridors, and one-third the net effect of COVID direct offset by curtailment.
Joe Zubretsky: I was going to say the final proof point is our effective medical cost management actually contain utilization in areas that were unaffected by the COVID infection rate, which would suggest that our utilization routines, our payment integrity routines, all the things we do to effectively medically manage a population are working in areas that were unaffected by COVID. So, we are operating well and managing medical costs very, very well in areas unaffected by COVID.
Joe Zubretsky: We understand the math behind that. The simple math is if you take our embedded earnings and just convert it to actual earnings, it would suggest that the margins pop slightly north on a pretax basis of the top end of our range. But two things, one, embedded earnings is in guidance, and two, it doesn’t all emerge at one time or within 1 year. Now, with respect to the corridors, there is only three that matter that remain, and one of them has already been eliminated for October. The two that remain are Mississippi and Washington. And if they persist beyond the pandemic, then they are part of the earnings baseline, and we will live with them for a longer period of time. But there is –we are pretty optimistic that they will fall away over time.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, I mean in summary, we are 200 basis points to 300 basis points off on 7% of our revenue, so putting it in perspective, which we are not happy about. We want to operate in the low-80s. The business breaks even at 85 and we are projecting to do 84 or better for the year, which would be modest profitability. First and foremost, we repositioned the book of business. That was the tall order for 2022, keep it small 7% of revenue. Keep it silver, 75% of our membership is now silver membership. Keep it stable, two-thirds of our membership is now renewal membership when that was completely as the opposite in prior years. So, we have the book of business positioned very, very well. Now, we will work on the 200 basis points to 300 basis points of pressure that is pressuring our MCR. And with the pricing we put in for 2023, on average, 13% to 14% in some states higher, we feel good about getting to those mid-single digit target margins.
Joe Zubretsky: No change in the scope of services. We have a very good balance between what we operate and what they operate, no change in that. The agreement was extended through 2026. We are not going to talk about the pricing of it. We obviously wouldn’t have mentioned it if it wasn’t an earnings catalyst. But 15% to 20% of our medical cost is pharmacy-related. And the pricing decrement we received was, in our view, noteworthy to discuss as an earnings catalyst for 2023 and beyond. But at this point, we are not going to actually size the pricing.
Joe Zubretsky: Well as I said, at this point in time, we have sized the size of the contract, $4 billion to $5 billion a year of pharmacy spend. But no, we are not yet prepared. When we give 2023 guidance, the CVS Caremark contract would likely be a meaningful contributor to that guidance, and we will potentially talk about it specifically then.
Joe Zubretsky: Yes. Our strategy for the marketplace business is to target mid-single digit pretax margins and let the revenue float up and down accordingly pursuant to that pricing strategy. Based on the early read, where we actually now have seen competitive pricing, the price increases we put in, in a handful of markets remained very competitive. If we are number one or number two or a close number three or four in the market, we have maintained that position. So, the early read only in a handful of markets is that not only do we believe our pricing has appropriately captured trend, but we maintained our competitive position. So, the book of business shouldn’t materially change.
Mark Keim: Yes, sure. Matt, good morning. It’s Mark. I think you’re looking at the year-over-year change. We had a little more prior year development this second quarter than we did a year ago at this time. And that’s not unusual. The way development happens is not always the same year-over-year. The way our providers submit claims and the way our internal operations, including payment integrity work is a little different year-over-year. So yes, the pattern is a little bit different. But what’s more important is I’m reporting our DCP at 50.4%, which versus a year ago at 48% is clearly up. The other thing that you guys look at a lot of times is just the growth in premium versus the growth in reserves. My reserves are up 28% year over my premiums are up 18%. So I feel really good about where I’m reserved. I think we’re in a good spot.
Mark Keim: Sure. Just a couple of data points that we track really closely. Remember, within our Medicaid business, there is a TANF chip, there is expansion and there is ABD. So we look at these within each of those. One of the first things we look is the duration, what percentage of our members are with us for more than a year. In TANF chip, it really didn’t change meaningfully. ABD didn’t really change meaningfully. Expansion is up a little, not huge. Within those populations, though, we also then compare what’s the MCR for the folks that are maybe 2 years and longer with us versus the MCR for those less than a year. That’s the durational acuity concept that Joe mentioned. It’s really flat between those two cohorts in TANF chip. It’s pretty flat on ABD. It’s a really stable population. So it’s up a little in expansion. On the percentage of members with no claims, another one that’s good to look at. TANF chip pretty flat, ABD, once again flat. We’re seeing a little bit more in expansion. So could you argue that there is going to be a little bit of pressure within expansion? Possibly, but at third of the overall Medicaid book, any impact there gets diluted. So we really don’t see this as a big headwind.
Mark Keim: Yes. A.J., I would just always remind people to do the member month math because it gets complicated, right. If the PHE ends in October, the stipulation is that states have a year from the end of PHE to be done. So, they have got to be done next October. But if you look at the member months, it’s as Joe mentioned, I have got $1.2 billion of headwind in for ‘23 and another $400 million in for 2024.
Mark Keim: Hey. Good morning. It’s Mark. The 10% is the announced, but not closed acquisitions of AgeWell and My Choice Wisconsin as well as that organic growth concept that Joe described, the 4% in Medicaid, more like the 7% in Medicare. The other items then are adjustments, but they are a little vague at the moment. We are still working through those.
Mark Keim: Yes. Just to build on that, our definition of the net effect of COVID has been consistent across the 2.5 years here of the pandemic. As Joe mentioned, it’s about two-thirds corridors and then the rest is COVID inpatient direct, which we can measure and then the offsetting curtailment of certain services where we are just not seeing that. We are seeing that relationship be very consistent. We laid out the different impacts line of business by line of business. You saw our Medicaid and marketplace businesses had a relatively light impact. Medicare was a little higher at 370 bps. That’s been typically tracking more around 200 bps. So, that one is just a little bit higher. Line of business to line of business, it bounces around. But across the portfolio, it’s pretty much tracking where we would expect. We are still at that $2.50 for the full year.
Mark Keim: And Kevin, just to put a point on that, that means that 15 of our 18 Medicaid states are not constrained by corridors. And that’s part of where our margin story is.
Mark Keim: We do. That last conversation was specifically around the net effect of COVID and COVID-related corridors. Pre-pandemic, a number of states had different mechanisms that did constrain some profitability, but that’s more our legacy profile. So, we are talking here specifically about COVID era corridors.
Mark Keim: The only thing I would add to that is now that we understand current year performance, the base period that we are jumping off we feel much better about. So, we are pricing in a trend that we feel good about going into 2023. Joe mentioned the 13% average rate that we are putting into the market. The only other thing that maybe isn’t obvious as you build your model is that the assumption in there on risk adjustment, right. Those are the three big drivers trend, the changes in risk adjustment for the underlying acuity of the population, and of course, price. You put those things together, and we feel very well positioned for the return to that mid-single digit pretax next year.
