Joseph W. White: Sure, Ana. Let me say – that's a lot to talk about. I'll do my best. Let me first emphasize that we clearly understand here we have a long way to go. The process of bringing the company to a focus on successful growth and profitability with the emphasis on profitability first is a process which takes time. It involves some cultural shifts. It involves changes into a lot of practices we have. It involves a greater focus on things like capital allocation. Nevertheless though, much of what we have in front of us to improve our financial performance is what I would call basic blocking and tackling. I think you can see the impact of some of the basic actions in what's been happening in this previous quarter, in the third quarter, because the initial aspects of our restructuring plan have been much more about organization and staffing. What we're seeing helping the health plans, I think, right now in this third quarter is just a benefit of having new management teams and a handful of our most problematic health plans. In Puerto Rico, Illinois and New Mexico, we spoke to earlier in the year about how we had to swap out leadership teams. Those leadership teams have had some time to get established and I think just do some basic management, which is helping us. Now, again, these aren't fixing every underlying problem we have. That's going to be for the future. And Joe Zubretsky is going to be a big help in that. But I think what we're just seeing is, is the benefits of just a general focus on more business-centric practices. I also think in the Medicare, Medicaid plans, we are seeing some rather pleasing utilization trends which are helping us.
Joseph W. White: Well, taking that in reverse, we haven't tied a year to that kind of profitability level. We obviously hope to get there and we hope eventually exceed it. But we haven't tied a year to that profitability level you're talking about, Ana. What I will say, though, about the systems issues is, what we are finding through this process is that many of our challenges are process-related, culture-related, not necessarily tool-related. So, for example, we operate on the QNXT HMO platform. That's a fine platform. There's no need to change that. We just need to find ways to utilize that more effectively. Hardware is hardware; pipes are pipes from an IT perspective. We're adequately resourced there. There are some areas, utilization management being one, where we are in the process of installing a new system. But, in general, again, I would just say that the issue isn't so much our systems, it's how we use our technology to achieve a desired business outcome.
Joseph W. White: It's a good question, Justin. I would start by pointing out that we've obviously had some challenges this year in terms of adverse out-of-period claims development. That's made us a little bit more cautious than we would normally be in terms of our reserve setting. If you look at our claims payable roll-forward from December of 2016, you'll see we actually had some further adverse development this quarter, not nearly as much as last quarter, but nevertheless, had a little bit of adverse development. So, we think it's just appropriate right now to be a little bit more cautious on our reserve setting. In some respects, medical utilization trends do look like they're moving in the right direction. I mentioned Medicare and the MMP plans a minute ago. But we do have other states where the trends are not so favorable. So, without going overboard, we're just trying to strike a cautious tone given where we've been the last year.
Joseph W. White: Well, if you think of how the parent company of a collection of regulated subsidiaries operates, essentially the parent can only be supplied, other than from external funds, by its regulated subsidiaries. The flow of cash to the parent comes in two forms; it can come in dividends as you mentioned. It also comes in the form of reimbursement of expenses incurred by the parent on behalf of the subsidiaries. So, with a few exceptions, nearly all of our parent's cash expenses are reimbursed by the subsidiaries through management service agreements filed with the various Departments of Insurance. So, again, most of the operating expenses, including cash interest payments of the parent, are paid for by the subsidiaries. The other source of cash for the parent, again, is dividends. We can ask for a dividend from a state at any time in which the state exceeds, the health plan exceeds, its required net worth requirements. Generally, though that's a process at work required regulatory approval, generally through the Department of Insurance. So that's an activity we engage on during the course of the year and generally just as we find as we come to believe that subsidies are perhaps overfunded. The pattern of that can vary. I wouldn't tie it to any kind of seasonal pattern or anything. It's just something you go out and pursue, again, when you think a subsidiary is overfunded.
Joseph W. White: Well, to be clear, Peter, I'm not aware of any disruption to our members' care off of the clinic closings. We make every effort to make sure that our members do indeed have physicians they can see as needed in a convenient manner. So, I'm not aware of any disruption there. You mentioned the weather. I should say that if we think the impact of the very difficult experiences in Puerto Rico in September, and our heart goes out to everyone on the Island, experiences in Puerto Rico in September, probably reduced medical care expense for the quarter by between $4 million and $5 million. The medical cost impacts of the events in Florida and Houston, which were very sad too, as far as we can tell, had very little impact on our medical cost trend. They were more or more short-term in duration. And it appears as if those communities were able to recover faster. So, if we look at hurricane impact between Irma, Harvey and Maria, probably $4.5 million to $5 million reduced medical costs for the quarter. There were other aspects of the financial performance that I think we would call out in the quarter. One, we did not have the degree of adverse claims development in Q3 that we experienced in Q2. We also had some more favorable developments in terms of marketplace risk adjustment, which resulted in increased revenue, which has the same effect of lowering our medical cost. There are certain states, Puerto Rico, Illinois and New Mexico come to mind, where, again, I think our new management teams are starting to get their feet on the ground and they're starting to make a difference in performance. And then lastly, again, the Medicare and Medicare, Medicaid plans, there've been some favorable trends there all year that I think for the first time this quarter we saw in our financial statements.
Joseph W. White: As far as the adverse development impact, if you look our roll-forward table in the back of the earnings release, you'll see that at second quarter we were looking at favorable development of about $31 million. We've shifted to unfavorable development of about $9 million, so that's about a $40 million swing there. The risk adjustment piece as far as Medicaid is a little bit harder to tease out. I'm checking my notes here as we speak. I would think it's probably in the – bear with me here since you asked, sorry. Probably on the CSR side for benefit probably in the neighborhood of $60 million to $70 million. I'm sorry, for the risk transfer, probably in the – I'm sorry – bad number there. In terms of risk transfer, probably in the neighborhood of an $80 million pick-up.
Joseph W. White: No, risk adjustment is not affected by the roll-forward table. I would say that the relative risk score of our members as we got assessments from various third-party players, Wakely Consulting comes to mind, indicates that our members' risk scores are relatively higher to the population than we had thought. So, the outflow...
Joseph W. White: I think the first question on the ABD development for the quarter, the only thing that sticks in my mind as far as ABD is some adjustments we had to go back in California related to certain long-term care benefits that required a true-up on premium rates from California. So, we took a little bit of a hit for that. That's the only thing that really comes to mind on ABD unique. It's tended to run a pretty high MCR lately. And Sarah, I didn't really understand your second question. You broke up there a little bit.
Joseph W. White: I think, certainly, the timing of certain activity, particularly in Puerto Rico, where we have a claims shop, I think certainly there were some slower payments that added a little bit of that increase to days claims payable. But, in general, the increase in days claims payable just reflects a more conservative posture to our reserves.
Joseph W. White: A lot of that, Sarah, is going to have to shake out of further engagement in terms of our restructuring plan. And frankly, Joe Zubretsky is going to have to come in here and look at the entire company and make decisions about that. I would just say for now that those are indeed viable companies with established revenue streams and I would say business propositions that are attractive. What we've struggled with and, particularly, as we've engaged in our restructuring over the last six months, we've come to realize that some of the synergies we were hoping to realize in our health plan business from those benefits are not necessarily materializing. Again, though, that doesn't mean that they are without value as businesses. They are, again, very successful businesses in their own right, and we'll have to assess just about every aspect of this business as we improve operations and continue with our restructuring plan.
Joseph W. White: Well, to be clear, we definitely understand that one quarter doesn't set a trend. And I think we've been at pains to say this is – we're far from satisfied with these results. And this is a process to building a stable and more profitable company. Much of what we're trying to do, though, in terms of the restructuring plan, even when we talk about our reorganization is to develop clearer lines of communication, clearer accountabilities and responsibilities so that we can act and react in a more facile manner. So, I think building an organization and a culture more focused on profitability and more focused on operations is a key to the kind of stability you're talking about. One great example of that is we've spoken about challenges we've had in provider payment processing. Uncertainties in that area make it difficult to operate the company always in a predictable manner. So, the restructuring effort, which has a substantial medical cost component, you just haven't seen it yet, because much of that takes more time to develop, is an attempt to develop that more profitable company. I can only say, though, honestly, nothing is going to prove success like success. And we're going to have to put in multiple quarters of satisfactory performance to evidence that we're the kind of company we need to be.
Joseph W. White: Well, there's are pretty hefty – and we don't have our 10-Q out now, but if you look at our 10-Q from second quarter, there's a pretty hefty investment there and that investment, you can see, carries over to up to $40 million of investment in Q4 in 2018. So, there's definitely investment there. It is not though, again, this process is not about bringing in all new tools that are going to miraculously help us run the business. It's about changing how we do things and our culture and our attitudes toward accountability and profitability.
Joseph W. White: Well, we haven't give any guidance for 2018. But I think the best way to look at this is we talk about these in terms of run rate reductions. So, I think as you try to model what you can expect in 2018 and 2019, you should probably look toward 2016 and first half of 2017 performance. Because we really saw our first actual savings from the restructuring plan in this quarter, third quarter. So, I think, again, you would look to 2016 and the first half of 2017. That's the run rate we're comparing to.
Joseph W. White: Well, I can't speak to their situation. We feel good about, or at least good enough, about our position in the Illinois bid that we don't feel it's necessary to record a PDR at this time. We've bid right around the midpoint of the rates offered.
Joseph W. White: Well, a couple of points on that. Again, we haven't given 2018 guidance. But I think we've been pretty clear in communicating that the exits in Wisconsin and Utah, the curtailments in Washington and the rate increases that we put out for the remaining markets, which are about 30% before the adjustment that assume no funding of CSR, so about a 58% blended rate increase, I would expect that our membership in marketplace is going to drop considerably next year. As far as CSR the impact in rates and everything. As I said, all of our rates assume that CSRs are not funded. So, we should have some protection there.
Joseph W. White: We think overall as we look pure period basis for this year, we're still not approaching what we had in pricing. We're quite a ways from it. Hopefully, with the rate increases next year, we obviously price with the intent that we will be profitable. That doesn't obviously guarantee profits, as we've seen in 2016 and 2017. And we'll have to see how everything plays out with that regard.
Joseph W. White: There's always an element of development from the prior quarter. But, again, I wouldn't read too much into that. I didn't see anything really surprising.
Joseph W. White: I would describe it, Josh, it's just more a reaction to the facts and circumstances of the position we found ourselves in as we closed the books on September 30. To be clear, days and claims payable I understand is a very valuable quick and dirty measure for outsiders to the company. We've never targeted a certain days and claims payable. I think I would just say that in general given the experiences we've had with the prior-period development, earlier in this year we just thought it was prudent to be a little bit more cautious in our reserving. I don't think I can commit to anything in terms of philosophy beyond that. We've always tried to set an appropriate reserve level. Most times, we've succeeded. It just so happens that at 12/31/2016 was one of those rare circumstances where we were indeed under-reserved, as you can see in the roll-forward table. And we're just reacting to that. It doesn't, though, reflect any sort of outside engagement or any sort of master plan as far as where we want to move reserves, though. We want reserves, it's outlined in our 10-Q, we seek to set reserves that are 8% to 10% in excess of the ultimate run out. Sometimes you miss though, and I guess you could say we're catching up.
Joseph W. White: Yep, that'd be a fair statement. We set the reserves and again we usually run out a little bit better than that. Obviously in 2016 with 2017 activity, bluntly we miss by a country mile. So, we just need to reset reserves and try to get to the level, in effect restore margin.
Joseph W. White: Yeah, I think the focus right now, Josh, is operations and improving operations. As I said with MMS and Pathways, they have businesses in their own right that are good businesses. We always look at that. But right now I think it's fair to say that we don't have any major strategic directions. We've always believed in being a geographically diverse HMO. We need to do that because we are so focused on Medicaid. So, I don't think there's any grand re-strategization of the company in mind.
Joseph W. White: Well, sure. I think the progress so far and the outcome so far in contract renewals have been very gratifying. In early June, we won a rebate of a substantial region in Washington. In July, we won as a new entrant in Mississippi. Then in late July, we won in a rebid in Illinois that involved a geographic expansion. So, again, I think overall, we're feeling good about our ability to retain contracts. We focus on it, we pay attention to it every day and we understand how important that revenue stream is. There is a table in our 10-Q from last quarter that speaks to upcoming rebids. Florida has we've just submitted a response to an RFP there. New Mexico, we've submitted a response to an RFP there. We feel very good about our responses. We feel very good about our relationships with providers and regulators and communities and, most importantly, members in those two states, Florida and New Mexico. So, we'll have to see how they play out, but we feel good about that. Next up is going to be RFP activity in Texas. We've also bid as a new entrant in Virginia. We should hear about that soon. Following Texas, there'll probably be activity next year in Washington. And then we hope some expansions into the LTSS, Long-Term Services and Support markets in Ohio and Michigan. So we have a pretty strong pipeline now, I think a rather rich pipeline. We've also so far been very successful in retaining contracts and we're optimistic about the future.
Joseph W. White: Well, I will say one thing that I've always believed about Molina, but it's certainly been brought home to me over the last six months. We are blessed to have a very dedicated, very committed, very focused workforce. The last six months have indeed been a time of great change, and, frankly, a degree of pain. The combination of the staff reductions along with what's happened in Texas and Florida and Puerto Rico, have created enormous challenges for our staff. But I think morale is very high. Our staff remains focused. They're doing their jobs. You always have to work hard to retain your people. But I don't think statistics show we're seeing any kind of major departure of people. I think, in general, the morale of the staff is high and I think they understand that that focusing a little bit more on profitability, focusing on crisper operations is the path to the long-term success of our company.
Joseph W. White: Sure, Chris. They are certainly not favorable compared to the pricing we put out for 2017 and the expectations. I'd also remind you that Q4 is traditionally a very rough quarter in this business. You do have to be careful too, understand there's a pretty substantial admin load on marketplace. So, the incremental admin load from brokerage commission and exchange fees can be in the neighborhood of 12%, 13%. So, the MCRs need to be low to be able to support the business, frankly, comparatively low to Medicaid. I guess what I would say on the favorable aspect of marketplace right now; special enrollment is decreased compared to where it was last year. You'll recall that we, like every health plan, we really experienced adverse selection with special enrollment last year. It's too soon to know the full cost trends obviously of the third and certainly the fourth quarter. But, again, we're seeing lower special enrollment in terms of numbers. I think that's helpful. And frankly, I think in some degrees, we have benefited a little bit from our relative size in terms of the risk adjustment pool.
Joseph W. White: I wouldn't necessarily call it a problem. I think it's a reality. Any insurer that experiences a decline in enrollment is going to pay a relatively higher ACAP in the following year. A couple of points that are going to mitigate that for us; the first one is, is while enrollment we expect to drop for us, we're also going to be raising rates. So, our relative share of the market in that respect won't be dropping that much. We've built the ACAP into the new rates. So, we'll receive a little bit of a relief there. But, yeah, I think, in general, there is a little bit of a headwind from just I guess I would say a retroactive or a retrospective impact to the ACAP. Yes.
Joseph W. White: Well, I wouldn't express it that way at all because for the simple reason, again, as we rebuild margin, yes, we are trying to be cautious. But your question presupposes that the smaller number of reserves is indeed the right number. So, honestly, I can't agree with that necessarily, Gary. Again, I would say that there are – there's a pass-through effect, there's also some issues on timing of payment, what we saw with Puerto Rico. There's some delay in payment. And that seems to me to be a dangerous supposition you're making. I'll just say that.
Joseph W. White: Bear with me; I'm flipping to that page. I would just point to what I spoke to when you particularly think of where we have heavy TANF and SHP membership proportionally, it would be Puerto Rico, it would be Illinois and a fair amount in New Mexico. And, again, those health plans are performing better. I think the shorthand answer to why they're performing better right now is simply better local management teams that have had time to get their feet on the ground. So certainly, though, the improvement in Puerto Rico and Illinois would be more dramatically reflected in TANF.
Joseph W. White: We spoke a little bit about that. The bulk of the $200 million right now is staffing reductions. And I would bet the split in those staffing reductions between medical and admin is probably between medical and admin it's probably, $65 million admin, $35 million medical.
Joseph W. White: Well, I know the impact of the risk adjustment was basically 70 bps. So, from 83 bps to 89 bps if you take out the benefit of the risk adjustment. I think we have the Tables in the back. It's a little difficult to do that calculation on the fly.
Joseph W. White: Well, there will indeed be a degree of negative leverage for the drop-in of the size that is possible. Our general rule of thumb is that once you take out obviously broker commissions and exchange fees fall off right away. So, there's a lot of admin activity that takes care of itself. But we are aware of the possibility there's going to be some admin cost stranded as a result of that, and we're looking closely at that right now.
Joseph W. White: That's a really tough number to model right now because there's been some changes since the award was originally granted in Cook County in particular I think, which is creating some more competition. So, we don't really know that number yet.
Joseph W. White: Well, thanks to everyone for joining and listening. We appreciate your interest in Molina Healthcare, and we'll be talking to you soon. Thank you so much.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. So, this quarter looks pretty good, but it really kind of forces me to go back to some of the questions I was asking last quarter about the decision around cutting G&A. Because when I think about this quarter, it kind of reminds me of normal Molina where you would see a couple of quarters in a row of blowout numbers and then a couple of quarters of misses and then you kind of go back and forth. And really looking forward is not only improved MLR, but also stability in MLR. So, I guess, when you think about the G&A savings number that you're targeting of $200 million, is there any way to put some sort of different spin on it as far as maybe is the number really $300 million, but you're reinvesting $100 million? Is there something else? Or I mean how do I think about that? Because it is hard for me to get my head around having this volatility in MLR from quarter-to-quarter and then cutting G&A and expecting to get a better result at the same time.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck: So, I guess it sounds like what you're saying is a lot of things that you want to achieve don't necessarily require a specific investment as far as...
Kevin Mark Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess when we think about the $200 million number, when I think to get to $200 million, $400 million, the other $100 million to $200 million is more on the medical cost side, if I remember correctly.
Gary P. Taylor: Hi. Good afternoon. A couple questions. I hate to come back to this reserving, but I do want to start there....
Gary P. Taylor: Okay. And then if we look at the roll-forward table, the claims payed relative to the current year in the current period dropped about $150 million sequentially. Should that give us some indication of what the timing element could be? Or is it just too many moving parts with the risk adjustment changes and so forth that... <: Well, I don't think risk adjustment would impact that. I would say, though, that when I just penciled out the impact, because I thought we might be asked on days and claims payable from timing differences, I thought it was probably somewhere between a half and three-quarters of a day of the DCP increase, if that helps.
Gary P. Taylor: Okay. Last question. I want to make sure I'm thinking about the cadence of the savings correctly. So, you've realized this run rate of $200 million, so that's $50 million a quarter. Only $10 million was realized in this quarter, so that means you should see $40 million pre-tax just in a vacuum sequential pickup in the 4Q from this...
Gary P. Taylor: No, you need to think about that many of those costs, the benefit is not going to be realized until January, starting January of next year. So, various people are still working wrapping up their work, transitioning assignments and things like that. So, you should really think about all of our savings, predominately the number of our savings not starting until next year.
