John Molina: Joshua, it is John. Actually it was too much, because when we did our Investor Day, it was mid-September. So September we actually didn’t have August claims run out yet. So, I think also when we did the guidance at the last Investor Day, we were also assuming that the flu would come in to a greater extent than it has, and last, I think that we are gaining some confidence in the medical management efforts that we put in place last year. It takes a while for us to develop and see the trends. We just don’t want to run off a couple of data points.
John Molina: Josh, there haven’t released the rates yet. This is John. They haven’t released the rates yet under the new program, but currently we are getting somewhere between $300 and $400 for the ABD.
John Molina: When we are – this is John. When we are looking at those patients in the early stages, we will factor in what do the rates look like, what are we seeing in terms of utilization, because it is a population that has some experience with managed care. We have got 13,500 enrolled in our health plan already. But it is debatable whether the folks that have not selected to be in managed care are doing so because they are over or under utilizers. Those are arguments to be made in both cases.Chris Rigg – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot.
John Molina: Sarah, I don’t know what the other data point you are referring to is. It may include a component of long-term care, which is certainly carved out of what we would do. It might also include behavioral health, and behavioral health drugs. So I don’t know what that other data point is.Sarah James – Wedbush Morgan Securities Inc: Okay. Got it. I had some fee-for-service data but maybe we can discuss that off-line. I guess the last question is on utilization, if you're seeing anything in those trends that could be more of a sustainable trend rather than just a decrease off of last year's comps.
John Molina: I think that – this is John. We’re also seeing some pressure in the reform counties now. Having said that, we are not completely overlapped with that competitor. So, I don’t know exactly where that stat is coming from. But we are seeing some pressure on the reform counties.
John Molina: We did see a little bit in some of the non-reform counties, primarily due to some provider contracts that have since been renegotiated that should take effect the early part of next year.
John Molina: Charles, John, I don’t know the exact number, but Broward is the largest of the reform counties. I think that the premiums in the reform counties have probably been less than a lot of health plans we would like to see that with a combination of some tough provider contracting, we saw a number of plans exit Broward earlier this year.
John Molina: Well, I think there are always things on the cost side you can address. I do think that utilization has been higher than what we like it to be, especially on the pharmacy side.
John Molina: Carl, this is John. It is primarily due to the fact that in Maine, once we went live, while we are in-between – I think we are now considered a pilot phase instead of pure operations. The costs for correcting and making the fixes that Mario talked about are being expensed, whereas prior to go live, they were capitalized. So we are working very, very diligently to get through the pilot phase, number one, and number two cut some of those costs so that we are not carrying the same burden. I think in both Idaho and Maine, we probably went live sooner than would have been ideal, but the states wanted us to do it, and so we did it.
John Molina: This is John. You know, right now we’re not talking about 2011. As usual, we will have an Investor Day in the early part of 2011 to go through guidance, but I don’t want to get into that today.
John Molina: As the same answer John, the same answer as we gave with California. It is going to depend on how they set the rates, and what the provider contracts look like, and what the utilization is going to be. It’s just too early to tell at this point.
John Molina: That is pretty pure number.Scott Green – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And was there any success in trying to recover some of that premium recoupment from providers? I think you had talked about that in an 8-K before.
Mario Molina: Well, this is Mario again. I think that it will roll out in a similar fashion to what we are seeing with the TANF, so the members will be given a choice of plans, and those that don’t make a selection within a given timeframe will be assigned to a plan. I think the assignment algorithms are going to be similar to what we have seen in the past in California.
Mario Molina: Well, it will be the current plans that are involved in the Medicare managed care program. So it will vary from county to county, and I think that the revenue opportunity you can probably assume that we will get our pro rata share of the market. We like to get more than that, but I think for modeling purposes, I think you can assume that the ABD market share will be similar to the TANF market share.
Mario Molina: Hi, this is Mario Sarah. I think it is a little bit too early to make any comments about sustainable trends. I think the two things that we have seen that are different, first of all is much lower flu utilization this year as compared to last year. And the second thing is we’re seeing lower hospital utilization. But we don’t know if that was going to be a long-term sustainable trend.Sarah James – Wedbush Morgan Securities Inc: Okay, thank you.
Mario Molina: Well, clearly we want to take advantage of the opportunity of. We are not about to walk away from good opportunities like this. On the other hand, if you look at what we have done in the past year, and especially most recently, we continue to diversify the company. We have entered a new market in Wisconsin. We have expanded – we got a service area that now covers most of the state of Texas, and we’re seeing growth there. We are growing our service area in Florida, and we have added the MMIS business with Molina Medicaid solutions. So we continue to diversify, and I’m comfortable that we are not going to end up with a situation where things become skewed towards California again, even with the growth in enrolment of the ABD population and the California health plan.
Mario Molina: I would also say that – this is Mario. If you look at, when we get into new markets, and I would still consider Florida to be a fairly new market for us. It takes a while to get up to speed and gain enough market share so that we can get better contracts. And we have seen that time and again as we have entered new states. So I think that over time Florida will improve.
Mario Molina: I think that the two most important things for us to do to improve the profitability in Florida are to continue to work to lower unit cost and to better manage the population.
Mario Molina: Well, this whole exchange issue is going to be very important as we go forward, not just in California, but in all the states, and it is something that we are giving a lot of study right now. I don’t really want to comment too much beyond that because it is all still very new and very much in flux.
Mario Molina: I think it is too early to make those decisions. We are still studying this. And you have to also understand that it is going to vary tremendously from state to state. We could see regional exchanges. It is just really too soon to know, and there is not lot of experience. Utah has one, Massachusetts has one, California has passed some legislation, and it is all coming at a time when the government in California is going to change. There will be a new administration. We don’t know who’s going to be the governor yet, but I can almost guarantee you that there will be changes in the administration regardless of who is elected.
Mario Molina: I think it is going to be a while. I mean the first thing that governor Schwarzenegger could do is appoint some people to the boards before he leaves office. But there is still an awful lot of work to be done, and I think it is on the order of years before we see the exchange implemented.
Mario Molina: This is Mario. I think the lesson learned from all this is that you really want to have thorough testing, and you want to have as much of the issues identified and fixed before you go live. Having said that, one that we’re going to understand is that is impossible. You never really know how these systems are going to work until you start dealing with the providers, and some of the problems that we have experienced in Idaho and Maine have been issues that were the providers didn’t understand the systems, where they had to change the way they were billing from previous contractors to our system. And those are things that can be completely anticipated with testing.
Mario Molina: It is a little of both, and it was at corporate, not at the health plan level. I mean, one of the things we are trying to do is to clean up some issues here at corporate.John Rex – JPMorgan Securities Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mario Molina: This is Mario. I think there are several issues here. One is, we would encourage everyone to become immunized. Not only to protect yourself, but to protect the people around you. This is a phenomenon known as herd immunity. So the more people that are immunized the less transmission of the flu there is going to be. So, we have encouraged all of our employees to be vaccinated. We have active campaigns to encourage all of our members. Having said that, we have about 1.6 million members in the United States, and while they may be concentrated in a few areas, it is still a very small part of the overall population. So we’re trying to do our part but we alone can’t make a –- we can’t have a big influence on the flu season. So a lot of this is really beyond our control. The other things that we can do is try to encourage people to use emergency rooms appropriately, and that has been a struggle for years. The Medicaid population typically overuses the emergency department, and we continue to work on that. And it always gets worse in the flu season. Many patients who go to the emergency room with flu symptoms don’t really need to be there.Scott Green – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Mario Molina: Well, thank you everyone for joining us, and let me just close by encouraging everyone to go get a flu shot.
Joseph White: Hi, it is Joe speaking. It is fair to say that it is the latter, just timing issues and integration issues. And we want to be very careful as we bring in a new state in terms of how we set reserves. Traditionally, Abri hasn’t run that level of MCR, and we don’t envision that going forward.
Joseph White: Hi, Carl it is Joe speaking. We had a net pick up there of about 55,000. We had 10,000 members who rolled over from a previous contract we had. So in some ways we have lost people, the net increase is about 55,000.
Joseph White: Hi, it is Joe speaking again. You know, obviously when you take on new lives, you have to look at the history of those lives, the way the lives were priced and just take the best estimates that you can. Based on what we saw previously with the CHIP lives, we booked that at around 75% direct MCR.
Joseph White: Yes, I think we have always been pretty clear that really the operating cash flow like many businesses is just going to trend into net income, plus depreciation and amortization. We have seen some growth in obviously claims payable as a result of the business growth. So that will add a little bit to it. But I don’t think we’re going to see anything much different from what we have seen in the past, which is going to be net income plus depreciation and amortization.John Rex – JPMorgan Securities Inc.: So kind of for full year 2010, absent kind of another California issue, you expect that ratio to wrap up. I know…
