Mario Molina: Thank you Juan José. Hello everyone and thank you for joining our earnings call. I will start today’s call by reviewing key company events for the quarter and then turn the call over to John, who will review the financial details of the quarter. We’d had busy quarter. On the growth front, we were awarded a Star Plus Medicaid managed care contract for the Dallas service area. Our Molina Medicaid solutions product HealthPass went live in Idaho in June. And although technically not a second quarter event, we reached a definitive agreement to acquire Abri Health Plan, a Medicaid health plan in the state of Wisconsin. Our health plans continued to perform well with marked improvements in California and New Mexico. Let me highlight each of these key events. In Texas, we were awarded a contract for the Star Plus program. The Star Plus program is the Texas Medicaid managed care program designed to provide primary care, acute care and long-term care services to the aged, blind or disabled populations. The contract is for the Dallas service area which includes Dallas and six surrounding counties. It is estimated that there are approximately 50,000 aged blind or disabled beneficiaries in this service area, who will be making a choice in the first quarter of 2011 among Molina and two other health plans. We’re excited about this contract award as it further expands our footprint in the state of Texas and increases our involvement in the care of aged blind or disabled beneficiaries. As a remainder, Molina Healthcare, Texas already serves approximately 42,000 Medicaid beneficiaries in the Harris Service Area, which includes Houston and in the Bexar service area which includes San Antonio. Nearly 45% of those members fall in the aged blind or disabled category. On May 3rd of this year, we introduced Molina Medicaid solutions, our fiscal intermediary business, following the closing of our acquisition of HIM from Unisys. We are pleased to announce that we began the operations phase of our contract in the state of Idaho on June 1. As with any major systems implementation, the updating of software or hardware may result in temporary glitches. There have been a few bumps on the road, but our team in Idaho was working closely with the state and the local provider community to resolve issues arising from the new system. A few weeks ago we announced our entry into a definitive agreement to acquire Abri Health Plan in Wisconsin. Abri is a Medicaid managed care provider that currently participates in the BadgerCare Plus and SSI Managed Care programs in Wisconsin. Abri servers approximately 18,000 members with the bulk of the membership concentrated in the Milwaukee area. In April, Wisconsin made contract awards for the Southeast region RFP covering 250,000 beneficiaries to begin on September 1, 2010. Abri retained its current business and achieved the second highest score in the RFP. Abri is well positioned for auto assignment enrollments as the state developed an auto assignment algorithm that favors plans with higher scores in the RFP. This transaction is consistent with the revenue and geographic diversification efforts that we have discussed in the past and it provides a new platform for growth in a new state for Molina. Wisconsin is a Medicaid market, it is much like Michigan was when we began operating there back in 1997. In Michigan at that time, there was considerable fragmentation of Medicaid health plans, which provided a full ground for capturing additional market share and for pursuing in-market acquisitions. Wisconsin shares these characteristics. Furthermore, additional growth could come from future successful RFP responses as Medicaid contracts covering the rest of Wisconsin will be up for renewal at the end of 2011.  The consideration for the Abri transaction is approximately $16 million subject to standard adjustment adjustments as well as our obtaining the required state approvals. We expect the transaction will close in the third quarter. We’re excited about entering the Wisconsin Medicaid market and look forward to working with the state and the local provider community. Moving on to the rest of our health plans, a mild seasonal flu in 2010 and our implementation of various contracting and medical management initiatives resulted in lower medical costs. Furthermore, the decrease in the medical care ratio in California and New Mexico was largely the result of our contracting efforts. We have seen progress in these markets both in terms of utilization and unit costs. Over the past year and a half, we’ve taken many actions to improve our earnings performance without sacrificing growth. We are pleased that our actions are bearing fruit. I look forward to updating you next quarter and I will now turn the call over to John, who will provide more details regarding the financial results.
Mario Molina: Hi Josh, this is Mario. As we have said all along this year, we’re really expecting premium rate increases in the low single-digits and we think state budgets are certainly under pressure. We think that the passage of the extended (inaudible) will be helpful and we look forward to that. The differences that you may note between us and some of the other health plans may have to do with the states that we operate in as well. We don’t overlap a lot with the other publicly traded managed care plans that are in the Medicaid space, but this is our experience.
Mario Molina: But John I think this is Mario, I think it’s also fair to say that our utilization trends have been flatter perhaps than what some other people have talked about.
Mario Molina: I would comment I would (ph) tradition we don’t have other arrangements like this, it’s hard for us to really know.
Mario Molina: Well thanks for the questions. we want to thank all of you for joining us. we look forward to discussing next quarter’s results.
John Molina: No Josh, this is John. What happened was the state had originally submitted a range for our rates to the legislature and the state had thought that they had paid the actual point within the range in the midpoint well in fact, they paid it to high end. So they went back and readjusted the rates to fix them at the midpoint of the range and that was one issue. The second issue was they discovered that they had invitingly enrolled some members who were eligible both for Medicare and Medicaid into the health plans, which they shouldn’t have done. So it took the premium back for those members and the fact that we were able to then recoup about $0.5 million for claims that we had paid out on behalf of the members that shouldn’t have been enrolled.
John Molina: I think what they said was we didn’t intend you to pay you as much as we did, we intended to pay you and that’s really sound great, but that rate was in supposed to be in the midpoint of the actuarial range and we – in error (ph) put it at the high end of the range.
John Molina: I think, this is John, I think that the answer is sort of all of the above. One of the things that we have done is we have shared our data with a couple of the states and that has caused them to re-look at how their states fee-for-service system pays these claims. We’re also going back and looking at those claims for things like switch (ph) removal which truly are not emergency in nature and talking to the hospitals and the providers about those goals.
John Molina: And again John some of this may also reflect a different states that we’re in as compared to other health plans.
John Molina: Yes, John let me also caution you, when you compare the year-over-year you have to also remember we had $5 million net in terms of the take back from Michigan that wasn’t associated with medical costs, that was pulled out and then you also had the pharmacy carve outs in Ohio and Missouri and since we typically do pretty well on the pharmacy piece we actually had to step back when they carved that business that was really difficult Missouri to just compare MCR 2009 to 2010 and draw a lot of conclusions.
John Molina: Well if you look at the PMPM premiums for Texas they have gone down and the medical costs have actually gone up a little bit so it probably reflects both the combination of the decrease in the premiums and back that you’ve got a lot of Star Plus members there. So almost half of our membership are the aged blind and disabled in Texas.
Joseph White: That is bulk of it, its Joe speaking, pretty much consistent with what we would add at the first quarter. Ohio practice hasn’t changed, they continue to pay it now mid month versus last date of previous month.
Joseph White: Those inventories, its Joe speaking, those inventories tend to draw down in the summer, peak in the spring and the fall and draw down right around the middle of the summer and Christmas time.
Joseph White: This is Joe speaking, I think the main thing we’re seeing in Texas is I can’t necessarily speak sequentially but back in September 1, 2009 we had some premium cuts from the state specifically in the Star Plus product line which is there, aged blind disabled product lines and certainly since then we’ve seen relative decrease of the profitability.Scott Green – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, I think it was like 750 basis points sequentially though.
Jim Howatt: This is Dr. Jim Howatt. We certainly have seen different utilization. The utilization in the first quarter and leading over into the second quarter was higher than normal for pediatric RSV infections which often require hospitalization. And remember also that H1N1 really started its peak in mid to late April. So we expect to see utilization trend downward and we think we’re starting to see that now but it has been relatively flat for us in the first two quarters.
Jim Howatt: Yes it has I mean there is regional differences and we’ve also taken on some newer sicker members that the same story last year with rapid growth and acquisition of new members. We see higher costs. So they’re whole series of moving parts here.
Jim Howatt: Yes I think we’re seeing improvement in June. We do monitor this using authorizations rather than claims and we’re starting to see trends downward from earlier utilization.
Jim Howatt: This is James Howatt. I think you’re refereeing especially to the pharmacy costs.Scott Green – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Jim Howatt: And they are coming down quarter-over-quarter they were at 1point, I think in the 70s or 80s they’re now in the high 20s, low 30s. It’s still an issue and they’re driven largely by psychotropic drugs but as we can we’re introducing generics and lower cost alternatives without disrupting treatment.Scott Green – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
