Joe Zubretsky: Great, Dave. I’ll take those in order. We believe the Medicaid rate environment is very stable, rational and actuarially sound. We have been experiencing a medical cost trend in the very low single-digits in our Medicaid business. And rates have generally kept pace with the rate of medical cost inflation. With respect to risk adjustment and at-risk revenue, across all of our lines of business, Marketplace, Medicare and Medicaid, we continue to improve our performance and retaining at-risk revenue and that is obvious – emerging in the results in a very obvious way. So we continue to get better at, whether it’s quality withholds in Medicaid, whether it’s risk adjustment in marketplace, whether it’s star ratings in Medicare across the board, we are just getting better and better at retaining at-risk revenue. And as I said, it’s showing up in our medical care ratios. And lastly, yes, with the performance of our marketplace business, when the year is over, we’ll have 275,000 members, $1.5 billion in revenue and a 11% after-tax margins. There is ample flexibility to improve the value-added benefits we inject into the products, to ease up on rates. We’ve seen some of the rate filings in certain states and we believe our pricing for 2020 is well positioned us to grow versus the competition. So our prospects for growing the marketplace business in 2020 are seem to be moving along at good execution path. But we’ll know more when we see some of the competitive rates, particularly in the larger states like Texas and Florida. Hope that answers your question.
Joe Zubretsky: Thanks, Peter. For the most part our TANF and CHIP business is performing as expected. And you’re right, in many states and for us, in particular – places like Ohio and Michigan, where eligibility redetermination efforts have been ongoing. It is fair to say that there is an acuity mix shift that occurs. Generally speaking, healthier people are the ones returning to work and the unhealthy population will stay on the Medicaid roles. So, you do get in acuity mix shift, not only in traditional TANF and CHIP, but in Medicaid expansion where the incomes are a little higher. So there is a phenomenon there, but I will tell you that for the most part, the states have been very reasonable and recognizing the acuity mix shift and our rate advocacy efforts have allowed us to actually get rate relief on some of these acuity mix shift. So, I would call it a sort of a mild trend that’s putting a little bit of pressure, but not really a phenomenon that has to be dealt with in a dramatic way.
Joe Zubretsky: So, I would say on with Washington in particular when you grow 30,000 members, due to an incredibly successful re-procurement and there is a major carve-in of the integrated behavioral benefit there will always be some level of uncertainty as to whether the rate you obtained was reasonable and enough to capture the trend that you’re going to experience. If I consider some of these pressures that we’ve been experiencing, more benefit related then trend related and they will essentially and effectively end up in rates as they did in Ohio with the integrated behavioral benefit and the higher acuity mix shift that happened in the expansion population. So, in answer to your broader question about would we be willing to invest margins and growth? Yes, I mean, we do believe we can sustain these margins and perpetuity and start growing the top line at double digit rates. We believe our cost structure is very, very effective and we aim to be the lowest cost, highest margin producer and high-growth industry. So we will invest some of our marketplace margins and product features and pricing next year to grow, but we really do believe we can maintain a single-digit Medicare margin and a 3% Medicaid margin in perpetuity.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, Josh, on your first question about margin resets in our three segments, the margins we’re achieving today are subject to all the caps and corridors that exist in the various markets. Various markets as you know, G&A caps, there are profit caps, there’s quality withholds, there’s all types of features to sort of regulate the amount of profit, you can earn in the 3% margin in Medicaid is subject to all of those puts and takes. So, I don’t see a margin reset coming in the Medicaid business at all, and Medicare and our MMP product, they have introduced a various levels of minimum MLRs that probably will change over time, maybe a little bit of pressure on the MMP product, but that’s the only phenomenon, I can actually think of, that represents anything close to profit pressure due to profit caps, corridors and the like. On your last comment on M&A, that was a very general comment recognizing the significant financial capacity we’ve created in a short period of time and returning to positive operating leverage. As a reminder, we had negative operating leverage last year when we lost the Florida and New Mexico contracts and we want to start creating positive operating leverage and there is significant operating leverage to create if we can attract books of business. So, as a recognition of positive, returning to positive operating leverage and the significant financial capacity, we have created. We would never comment on any specific situation with respect to M&A.
Joe Zubretsky: Justin, no, really. The good news about this year is when we print the final numbers, if everything goes as planned, it will be a very, very clean year, the revenue base, the MCR, the SG&A ratio, the margins we’re producing are all very reflective of the earnings power of the business. So we finally have a clean stable year, where we can step back, look at it and say, this is the baseline of which we will grow. So there really are no significant headwinds or tailwinds as we emerge into 2020. As we said with 7% to 9% premium growth projected for next year, we should return to positive operating leverage and the margins on that business should hold. So, we’re feeling without giving a forecast for 2020 which we’re not – we’re feeling pretty good about the trajectory we are on for the second half of ‘19 into ‘20.
Joe Zubretsky: We haven’t done it specifically, but generally what we’ve said is, we filed in 150 new counties in our D-SNP product. We’re only in 65 today. And we actually expect to grow market share in the 65 we’re in, because we are woefully under penetrated in those 65 counties, so we have good growth prospects for Medicare. And marketplace as you suggested, we will ease up on rates as you probably saw in some of the rate filings, where our margins today are outsized we can reinvest in the product, we’re going to do a better job pricing brands, we’re seeing a lot of people select brands over silver, because of the lower monthly premium. So, we’ll do a better job there, so very confident in our ability to grow the top line in marketplace. With respect to Medicaid, it’s mostly going to come from in-market extensions of run rates we’re creating this year. Mississippi run rating into next year, we’ve had a good year in Illinois and South Carolina, building our revenue base, due to better positioning in the auto-assignment algorithm. Washington, the growth that they’ve experienced this year will extend into next year. So, most of the growth in Medicaid next year will come from things that already exist today. So, it’s merely an extrapolation of the benefits that we’re enjoying this year, due to some end market growth.
Joe Zubretsky: Sarah, on redetermination, I think there are a couple of factors at work here. One is, I think it’s fair to say that certain states have an increased focus on re-determination, which makes perfect sense. They’re spending tax payers’ money and they want to make sure that people on the role are actually eligible for Medicaid. So, there is an increased focus. It seems to have abated a bit. But secondly, we’re dealing with a very good economy and people are returning to work. And as they return to work, the healthier people will return to work and the sicker people who can’t work, will stay on the roles, which therefore creates the acuity mix shift that you observe. We can do, as a company, we can do a better job, keeping people that are going through the re-determination process. We believe that some of the softness in our membership roles over the past couple of years have been or because we’ve been lax and working with our members to keep them on the roles, should they continue to be eligible and they leak out of our, out of Molina into the system and wind up in other companies, and we’re going to do a better job, keeping them on the Medicaid roles if in fact they are eligible. On the rate adequacy efforts, the states are very aware of that healthier people go back to work and the less healthy people stay on the roles. A recent example in Ohio, where there was a rate advocacy effort to look at the re-determination effort that took place there, to look at the acuity mix that stayed on the Medicaid roles. And the market in general, including Molina has been very successful and making sure that rates have stayed commensurate with the acuity of the population. So, there is usually a lag time, but states have been very reasonable to observe that phenomenon. And had been agreeable to making sure the rates are adequate.
Joe Zubretsky: We haven’t quantified that. We if you recall last year, I understand your question now, last year we disclosed an amount that was very significant. I mean at the time that represented almost 25% of our earnings forecast for the year. So, we disclosed that these, we thought it was relevant. This year, the number was immaterial to the quarter to the six months and certainly to the full year forecast. So, we have not spiked it out and probably will not.
Joe Zubretsky: Typically, you are waiting for the next renewal cycle and agreeing to a prospective adjustment, every once in a while, you might be able to argue for some retrospective rate relief, but generally speaking, it will wait for if there is a mid-year true up, it will wait for that process, and if you have to wait for the following year, usually that’s the way it happens. But every once in a while, you can approach a customer for a mid-year correction, if in fact there is a dramatic shift in acuity or benefits.
Joe Zubretsky: It’s really just the fundamentals. We continue to manage high acuity populations really, really well. The membership is very stable and we continue to get a lot better at-risk adjustment and making sure that our, the scores that we’re achieving are commensurate with the acuity of the population and that continues to give us some lift. So, we’re just really operating really well in the fundamentals of the business and with our renewed interest in growth and filing 150 new counties next year and increasing our penetration in the 65 existing counties, we’re really bullish on our prospects in the D-SNP line of business.
Joe Zubretsky: With respect to the profitability of Ohio, I would say that the rate adjustment that we’re getting is keeping pace with the new acuity and trend of the population. So, we’re not projecting any significant change in the margin picture that we’re presenting today. That rate was necessary to keep pace with medical cost inflation, so no change in the trajectory of the state of Ohio profitability. The rate increase that we were able to get helps us keep pace with the rate of inflation. And on the last question, we just make it a practice, never to comment on any specific M&A opportunity, but to repeat what I said in our prepared remarks. We had $1.8 billion of capacity and the desire to return to significant, positive operating leverage. We are very interested in books of business and membership in our core products and I’ll leave it at that.
Joe Zubretsky: This profit picture was emerging as we were filing our bids for 2020. So that was taken fully into consideration, Kevin.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, really, what I’m saying is that I think often times favorable and unfavorable development is just seen as sort of some actuarial phenomenon, when it really is performance-related, the actuaries have to use an experience period, where they’re looking at your medical cost trends and including those trends and reserving. And if you continue to outperform those assumptions by payment integrity routines, effective utilization management, your reserves are likely to run off redundantly and your medical cost baseline and trend used for the current year dates of service are likely conservatively stated, stated another way when you’re managing into declining trend, it can’t help, but be very positively from a financial point of view. And that’s really what we’re trying to message there that favorable development and a very attractive margin position that we’ve created for ourselves really is the product of very, very effective cost management across the board.
Joe Zubretsky: It really is more or less extensions of all the things you mentioned. We’re not done implementing all of our payment integrity routines. We have full run rate of our pharmacy, new pharmacy contract in our earnings, our IT outsourcing is now in the expense run rate. So, I would just say that more or less extensions of many of the initiatives we talked about before and that we showed you continue to show you at Investor Day. But no big other initiatives, other than the ones we’ve already mentioned, but more or less extensions of ones we’ve already begun to implement.
Joe Zubretsky: There are subject the state rules are all different across these lines in terms of whether you can approach members for other products whether they can be one transfers, etc. And we obviously comply with those state rules and do the best we can to keep the Molina product, but it’s hard to answer that generally, all the state rules are different in terms of what you can and can’t do. I will tell you that when it comes to the member and it comes to the network, it’s critically important, and that’s why we love our product suite. Medicaid, Medicaid expansion and Marketplace as members move up and down, the scale of their incomes relative to the Federal Poverty Levels and they love their primary care physician and they like their network and love the Molina brand and how they cared for it. When they have a choice, they will stay with the Molina product. So, whether we can transfer them or not, many of these decisions are made by the provider and the member jointly and if they have a positive Molina experience, they will stay with the Molina product.
Joe Zubretsky: I mean, there are always going through it, but we’ve seen, I would say in the last 12 to 18 months, most of the pressure we saw in our book of business occurred in both Michigan and Ohio. And I would say that is largely leveled out. And the fact that the re-determination leakage has leveled and then the Washington, Mississippi and South Carolina and Illinois membership has grown. Net-net we’re back into, we’re going to be back into positive territory on a sequential basis. When it comes to Medicaid member months. So, re-determination leveling, our growth initiatives started to take hold. I think we’ll be back into solid positive territory from a volume perspective real soon.
Joe Zubretsky: No, I really can’t. We’re just we’re just subject to the whatever decision-making process that they have decided to take, the last we heard it’s going to be the end of August. We also believe that they’ll likely announce the STAR PLUS and the STAR CHIP awards concurrently. But we’re in wait and see mode. We remain confident, but we know nothing more than you know based on what you’ve read and heard.
Joe Zubretsky: I’ll let Tom add some more color to this. But I think two perspectives Steven are important. One is that we true up our accruals in our risk adjustment every quarter. So, I think you can assume that not all of that was actually adjusted in the second quarter. Some of it was adjusted in the first. It wasn’t material to the quarter and I think the phenomenon you are looking year-over-year in terms of loss ratios, obviously, last year was benefited hugely, by that number. On a going forward basis, you’ve got to captured correctly, at 67.4% year-to-date, 69% projected we’re right where we want to be, it’s a very profitable book of business. It will produce over $220 million of pre-tax profits for the year and gives us a very solid baseline off of which to grow. But we are just getting better and better risk adjustment and we keep outperforming the assumptions that the accounts and actuaries use to account for the risk adjustment and that bodes well for the continued profitability of the business.
Joe Zubretsky: No, Illinois is doing really well. It will be a $1 billion business shortly and the margin recovery of last 2 years has been significant. In the quarter, if memory serves me correctly, there was a provider settlement that hit the quarter. One-off effect, Illinois is doing great. It’s got mid-single digit margins. It will have $1 billion of revenue soon and the prospects for growth there is very strong.
Tom Tran: And Peter, last year, we didn’t have any Mississippi start up at a time so that also add a little bit to the start of business in Mississippi to our – if you compare Q1 this year – Q2 this year versus Q2 last year, so that’s another data point for you.
Tom Tran: Yes, Stephen, it’s Tom. $28 million is primarily prior year development there for the quarters. And if you look at the six months this year, as Joe commented in his prepared remarks, it is pretty consistent with prior year in the same ballpark number essentially. And for the year-to-date numbers, it’s approximately in the zone of about $90 million in total, pre-tax.
Tom Tran: Yes, Matt, you’re right. We are very consistent in terms of our reserving methodology. So, regarding the quarter end June ‘19, you see a drop of four days. And you look back last year, June 2018, if you compare that to March of 2019 is a similar kind of drop of roughly about four days. June is typically low utilization months and usually set your reserve based on that. And most of your reserve balance at the end of the quarter consists of the current-month. So that’s really the phenomenal of seasonality that I mentioned.
Tom Tran: Yes. I will add a little bit more color to the question you asked about last year, marketplace MCR at 57%. And last year quarter’s benefit tremendously by the marketplace risk adjustment and if you kind of normalize for that, then the MCR would have been around 67% and we are very comparable to what you see this year.
Tom Tran: If you were to look at parsing the different components of the Medicaid business, I would look at the 6 months versus 6 months, this year versus last year. If you look at that, our TANF and CHIP over a year-over-year comparison for the 6 month last year is actually improved by almost 100 and almost 200 bps. So and on Medicaid expansion, it’s fairly stable. And so we have had some rate efficacy in Ohio that came through in the quarter, so really help really bring the overall loss ratio for expansion business back to a more normal zone if you will. So on balance, the portfolio is really doing well.
