Joe Zubretsky: Matt, we are forecasting that when the public health emergency ends and all the redetermination activity is fulfilled that we will end up with half the members we gained during the pandemic. And we say that, because the low-wage service economy has been rapid. The stimulus money is still out there. And time has shown that over past recessions, when Medicaid rolls have swelled, they stay increased when the crisis abates. So we're pretty confident that, membership in Medicaid post-pandemic will exceed Medicaid membership pre-pandemic. Now, over what period is a matter of judgment as you know the PHE is now planned to extend into mid-January, which means the first members with notice periods and membership notification periods the first members are eligible to roll off the books on April 1. So we have forecasted that we will be down $500 million in revenue in 2022, an additional $800 million in revenue in 2023. So the $2.9 billion of revenue gained will result in $1.6 billion of permanent revenue gain, $500 million in 2022, an additional $800 million in 2023, $2.9 billion moving to $1.6 billion.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. Yes our repositioning of the product portfolio is really a function of the enhanced subsidies. We can move and our brokers can move members from bronze to silver at zero premium and high subsidies with no additional cost to the member and they get a plan with a higher actuarial value. So, it's better for the member. From our perspective, silver is more flexible and easier to manage. It's easier to develop risk scores and there's more pricing flexibility in silver. So, we're going to emphasize more silver next year than we did this year. Our bronze/silver mix is about 55-45 this year and will be more skewed to silver next year. So that's sort of our mix currently. Clearly, the special enrollment period was another headwind this year. And with the change in the rules that now people eligible -- people that will be eligible are only below 150% of federal poverty means that the membership flows some special enrollment in the industry should be a lot lower. In our case, we estimate about half of what they were this year. We added 200,000 members in special enrollment this year. And with the cutoff at 150% of FPL that's likely to be at least cut half. So, we're forecasting that our membership will be flat to down off the 719,000 this year which means revenue will probably be flat to down. But no matter where revenue lands, it's going to be earnings accretive in 2022. We are very confident in hitting our mid-single-digit pretax margin target next year even on a membership base that's likely to be lower than this year.
Joe Zubretsky: I think, I'll turn it over to Mark, but yes as we add the acquisitions they're going to be accretive. We're buying them very efficiently. Many of these properties are underperforming. Our integration teams are hitting if not exceeding our accretion targets. So as we add these acquisitions they're going to be accretive. We wouldn't do them if they aren't. But yes, the AgeWell acquisition now that affinity is in the fold has served to sort of increase our forward look on embedded earnings. We still say it's $6 plus. And again how much of that emerges next year and into 2023. We'll wait until we give specific guidance on 2022 in February.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, the special enrollment period ended in August. We believe that we'll see attrition between now and the end of the year. It will likely be lower than it was pre-pandemic, but we have 719,000 members now. We'll lose some and probably end the year maybe slightly below 700,000.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. Justin on the marketplace and the COVID impacts there are really two factors. One is geography. Our marketplace business just happens to be in places that were hit hard particularly by the Delta variant Florida, Texas, California, Washington. So it follows the geography and follows our Marketplace footprint. The second, we believe is our marketplace population skews younger. Unvaccinated people that are being infected, but the cost of care on an episode basis is actually a bit lower. But the infection rate is high and the younger population that tends to be unvaccinated. So those are the two factors that we cite that seems to disproportionately affect our Marketplace business. On the California RFP, we believe we're very, very optimistic about our ability not only to hold on the business we have but to grow it. As you know we're very strong in L.A. We're very strong at Sacramento and San Diego. We have a nice business in the Inland Empire. We have a great reputation with the state. We perform well. We do all the hard work we need to do with respect to community involvement and charitable giving. We're in really good shape for the California RFP which supposedly at least the latest announcement will come in early 2022 for a contract date for 1/1/24. So we're in good shape in California. We're very optimistic about our prospects not only to maintain what we have but to grow.
Joe Zubretsky: A little bit of both. I mean, we priced to a medical cost trend in Marketplace that was somewhat reflective of the increased baseline that we experienced this year impacted by COVID. Second, so we priced to an increased medical cost trend. Second, the special enrollment members were experiencing a loss ratio in the mid-90s. And if that membership – some of that membership will renew, some of it will go away. And then of course, next year, the special enrollment period will be targeted at folks with 150% of federal property level incomes are down. So we believe that, the special enrollment period membership will be half or less than half of what it was this year. So all of those factors combined put us in really good shape and producing our mid-single-digit pre-tax margin target for next year, but as I said, likely on membership that is flat to down over 2021.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. I'll try to parse through the various questions. On the first one, we did assume in our pricing that some of the SEP membership would renew, and therefore increased the cost trend that we included in pricing to accommodate that. Now, how many actually do renew and how many just joined because of an episodic health care condition and will leave, we'll have to wait and see. But we did price as though some of those renewal members – some of those SEP members would renew, and we think we've captured that in the medical cost trend we've included in our pricing.
Joe Zubretsky: It's – I'll answer the first part of that Kevin, and then I'll turn it to Mark. It's really difficult, because even though our COVID results quarter-to-quarter costing us $77 million and $1 per share seem like it was stable. The stories are quite different. In the second quarter the COVID direct cost of care were less than $100 million and it's twice that in the third quarter. And what ends up happening is when the COVID infection rates are really, really high and it's really intense, you get this counterbalancing impact of utilization curtailment. People fear of contagion of going in for services, hospitals and treating these COVID patients and can't accept discretionary and elective procedures and the like. So the third quarter, actually was one of our highest quarters, if not the highest quarter for the COVID, the direct cost of COVID-related care, but significantly offset with utilization curtailment. And then the corridors the risk-sharing quarters just kind of title through on a very stable basis. It's going to follow the infection rate, which makes it very hard to forecast. As we sit here today, we hope that Delta variant is over. We hope there are no additional variant, but we just don't know that yet. And so as we get closer to February, when we announce our fourth quarter results, we'll probably have a better handle. We will have a better handle on what we think COVID will do in 2022 and we'll announce it then. But the quarter-to-quarter results seem stable on a net basis, but the components are quite volatile, and it just follows the infection rate.
Joe Zubretsky: We think we're in good shape for growth next year. We're not giving a growth expectation on Medicare at this stage. But you're absolutely right, we launched some traditional Medicare Advantage products in some of our DSNP footprint to capture folks who had incomes that didn't allow them to be eligible for DSNP but were low income, using the same network, the same facilities and access to the same type of brokers who operate in those various areas. So, we're really optimistic about our growth prospects as we launched our MAPD products to low-income individuals and our expanded DSNP footprint and additional penetration in our existing footprint. We still do not have the market share that we think we can ultimately obtain in our DSNP footprint. So we're really bullish on the prospects during AEP this year, bearing in mind that we do get to enroll certain people throughout the year as well.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Scott. Our strategy is somewhat different than many of our competitors' strategies. What we're targeting are the working poor. We leverage our Medicaid network. We leverage our Medicaid network pricing, and our target market is fully or highly subsidized members. We are not targeting the mass affluent. That's number one. Number two, we did price this year to make sure that we hit our target margins of mid single-digit pre-tax. The way we look at this business is the revenue is going to float up and down with a fixed target margin at mid single digits. We will price for mid single-digit margins, and we'll let the revenue float up and down. The marketplace is a residual market. It flexes up and down with Medicaid eligibility. It's 15 million members nationally strong. We're in great shape in the markets that we choose to play in and our target market is somewhat different than the target markets for many of these new competitors. So, wherever revenue and membership plans for next year, it will be earnings accretive in 2022.
Joe Zubretsky: David I always say that whether redetermination is a headwind or a tailwind depends on where you're measuring it from. We like to think of it as a value creator, because we measure it from pre-pandemic. The Medicaid roles will be higher post pandemic that may work pre even though year-over-year there might be some choppiness.
Joe Zubretsky: No. We -- in many of our markets and in many of our products, it appears to be business as usual, particularly as the Delta variant started to dissipate in late September into October. In August, the Delta variant was really intense and August utilization was very high and we saw some curtailment there. But again, it flexes up and down -- almost routinely flexes up and down with the intensity of COVID infection rate. So in many of our states and many of our products, the curtailment is no longer, but it flexes up and down with the COVID infection rate.
Joe Zubretsky: No, I think -- yeah, I would say we've made some judgments around redetermination. Certainly, how much COVID persists into next year that you've identified and then there's just the puts and takes of managed care. Are you capturing -- are you managing medical cost to your trend. But I can't think of an event-driven -- a headwind that is kind of event driven or situationally driven. Just managing managed care, but we have a proven ability to always manage our medical costs to the trend that is embedded in our products and the pricing of our products. So we're pretty comfortable that 2022 could shape up to be a very attractive year for us.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, four states have eliminated them. Many of the states that are on January one rating cycles have not yet declared whether they will continue them or not. The only one that actually is formally continued into next year is in Mississippi. So it's hard to say. As they're announced either to be eliminated or to persist and whether they persist for a full-year or half year is just largely unknown at this time. So I think your point, is a correct one. It -- whatever happens we'll likely expect our quarter-to-quarter results next year. Whether it's back-ended or front-end loaded, I don't know yet, but the only corridor that actually has been announced that persists into 2022 because their state fiscal year straddles the calendar year is Mississippi.
Mark Keim: Hey, Josh. It's Mark. Just a reminder on the $6, its $3 of COVID $1 of Medicare risk scores and as Joe mentioned $2 of the M&A. So let me add a little color to each one of them. On the Medicare risk scores we should see that $1 next year. Our team can get out there has gotten out there in a meaningful way to produce that $1 next year. So we feel good about that one. On the M&A there's $2. We think about that $2 in two categories. The deals that are already in our P&L probably have another $1 of upside to get to the target margins. That's Magellan Kentucky stuff like that. The other dollar is deals that we've announced or in the case of Affinity just closed but they're not in our P&L yet. About half of that dollar, we should get in the first year -- next year and the other half thereafter. So that's some expectation on the M&A. So then, you're back to the net effect of COVID. And that's the wildcard a bunch of drivers there. Sitting here at the end of October, I don't know that we're ready to give a view on how COVID progresses through 2022. But there's, a couple of things you can think about there. Part of the $3 is in our Marketplace business. And we've had some headwinds this year. We've clearly priced for those headwinds next year. So, we should see some reversal on that within the $3. The rest is going to be a function of what does the pandemic actually do? Do we have another variant? What is the non-COVID utilization and of course the corridors. Everything we know about the corridor so far is quite positive. We have several states -- four states that have terminated the corridors for next year and many that haven't given a formal view yet, but it looks very encouraging. So, a number of drivers around that $3 will we see some of it? I'm pretty sure. But I think it's just a little early to hazard a guess on how much.
Mark Keim: In particular a couple of things. So, CMS actually extended the window for risk adjustment submission this year which gave everyone the ability to get more work done and more adjustment in. So, that's certainly a good guy. The other thing in Illinois. Illinois expanded their MMP coverage to the full state. They were just a few regions before. So we went in and picked up a number of new members who are coming in really positive on a risk adjustment basis. So two nice drivers for us there.
Mark Keim: On that clearly we're carrying 500 of COVID this year. I'm not going to get into our specific pricing assumptions but we clearly anticipate more of that headwind next year as well as just a little bit of what Joe mentioned about on the SEP, but we're pricing in a manner to hit that mid-single-digit pretax.
Mark Keim: And remember normal attrition for us is about 2% a month. As Joe mentioned this should be a little bit less than that going through the rest of the year, but I think that's a fair outlook.
Mark Keim: And the only thing, I'd add there Steven is, with a big focus on margin rather than membership, we'll have a much higher component in our book of renewals. And the way risk adjustment works is we get much better scores on those renewals, once we've lived with the member for a year or two. So we derive better risk adjustment revenue, and certainly more confidence in the outlook of that revenue.
Mark Keim: And just to build on that Kevin, then what you have within what we call the net effect of COVID is the curtailment and the direct cost of COVID that Joe talked about. As a company, those two have worked in tandem so far, but you'll have to take a view on that next year on how this COVID evolved. And do we continue to see curtailment as the offset to that. We all need to take a view on that going into the new year. And then lastly on corridors, that is a component of our total net effect of COVID as well. As I mentioned earlier, we're optimistic that many states have already announced they won't have corridors in the new year, but how much of a continued drag will we have in some of the other states, remains to be seen but we're optimistic on that one. So that was $3 of the embedded earnings around the net effect of COVID. $1 you mentioned, on Medicare risk adjustment. As I mentioned, we continue to be very, very positive on the development of that $1. Remember, the pieces that we gave, aren't guidance. They're embedded earnings, which along with other headwinds or tailwinds can emerge. Medicare is looking pretty good. We'll see that dollar emerge, but don't forget we'll have things like sequestration next year and a few other factors that could add additional headwinds and tailwinds, but we feel good about that dollar.
Mark Keim: Hey, it's Mark. I'll take that one. So, you're right. On Medicaid, we talked about the base growing at 4%, which is as you mentioned probably half and half between rate and membership growth. That's the market continuing to grow. Now what we stacked on top of that was the headwinds of redetermination. Joe talked through earlier how that was $0.5 billion in 2022 and another 800 million in 2023. So your question gets back to, does that dampen the 2% membership growth? I think it's where you're going. And we don't think it does, because at the end of the day the pool of Medicaid eligible population continues to grow. So yes, you have redetermination, which is addressing people over the last two years, which maybe have lost eligibility. But if the overall pool is growing and we believe it is, we showed a chart at Investor Day that shows every time the country goes through a crisis of one kind or another, these Medicaid roles increase, but they don't go back to where they were. They're sticky at maybe half the growth quite frequently. So we think that overall pool is growing. So we'll have a little bit of a headwind of people from the past losing eligibility, but the pool of new folks coming in and newly eligible continues to grow. So, we feel pretty confident in that outlook.
