Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Justin. Well, yes, we ended the quarter with $840 million of free and clear cash at the parent company. If we achieve our earnings guidance for the year, we can project we project to extract approximately $500 million of ordinary dividends from our operating subs. That could be higher if we're able to get extraordinary dividends. Bear in mind, we have a $500 million untapped revolver. And in connection with this transaction, we topped up that revolver with a short-term facility of an additional $400 million. So to recap, $840 million of cash, our projection of extracting at least $500 million of ordinary dividends during the balance of 2020 and then two untapped facilities which aggregate to $900 million of debt capacity. I'll also remind the group that our high-yield debt is trading really well right now. And that we believe we have really good access to the high-yield market if we wanted to make any of this financing permanent. So that's the cash flow story.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Scott. There actually is an embedded growth rate in the acquired portfolio itself. The Arizona full-service Medicaid contract is at its very early stages. If I remember correctly, about 13,000 members at the end of the year with approximately $80 million in revenue. That's projected to achieve a membership of 75,000 to 80,000 over the next year. Because it enjoys a preferred position in the auto assignment algorithm in the state. So there's an inherent growth rate due to the Arizona property. And the point the second point you make is spot on. As you know, our strategy is to take our full product line and penetrate it into our Medicaid footprint. And now that we have a new Medicaid footprint in Arizona and in Virginia, we absolutely plan to launch a DSNP product in our Marketplace product in those geographies. And then, of course, just being in the boroughs in Westchester in New York city, gives you plenty of opportunities to look for bolt-on other bolt-on opportunities in the city and to perhaps grow the business. As you know, right now, we're in upstate New York. And don't have a produce in downstate New York. But this gives us plenty of opportunity to think more broadly about how to participate in Metro New York.
Joe Zubretsky: Yes, we have various views on it. I mean I think basically, and I think it's generally you say that if somebody needs insurance, they buy it. And if they don't, they won't. So there's just sort of an inherent bias, adverse selection bias in the whole process. We actually have various scenarios, some of which might say that there's higher acuity coming in through membership and some say that it will be on par with what we have. It's hard to say and where the number is coming from. Are they coming from a very rich self-insured plan and a big company? Or are they coming from a small group plan for a small business? So it's really hard to say right now, which is obviously one of the reasons why we're reluctant to predict what this surgeon membership brings. We'll see a surge on membership. We have to build the operational platforms and hire the people to service that membership and then as you suggested, the acuity of that membership is unknown. But I think the prevailing wisdom is, while it might be slightly better and worse than the average, that's not going to be a significant factor in taking on these members.
Joe Zubretsky: If understand your question correctly. The two factors that we updated in our guidance are one that's sort of easy to understand and engage. And that is our portfolio is going to roll over into lower-yielding investments. It's irrefutable and already happening. And I think Tom pitched that as a $27 earnings per share $0.27 earnings per share headwind in our guidance. We also believe putting the accelerated membership aside that we will incur higher SG&A related to COVID operational protocols, financial assistance to our employees, etc, which also we factored into our the reaffirmation of our guidance, but we did not update for anything else.
Joe Zubretsky: No. It's basically just saying the production of core earnings just got a little better, but we did not factor in any of those COVID-19 impacts. But yes, with those headwinds, we're saying core earnings gets a little stronger.
Joe Zubretsky: Yes, Gary, that's my understanding. And there's very few adjustments like in the Marketplace MLR where taxes and all these other factors create a dramatic difference between the regulatory minimum and what you publish in your financials. But yes, seven of our 14 states have some form of MLR floor, ranging from 85% to 86%, except Puerto Rico, which is 92%. Those also exist in the expansion population and exist in the ABD business, but usually at different rates. So yes, there are very few adjustments from what you publish, and the minimum. And by understanding is they work on a one year fiscal year basis, not a rolling basis.
Joe Zubretsky: No, it's actually not that complicated. Again, 1,000 cases, so you can't draw any statistical credibility to that. We have five day stays, and we have one month stays. We have people in the ICU on ventilators and people that go in and go out. Cost range from $10,000 per episode to $100,000 per episode. But we're now capturing all the codes. And I think while Tom was suggesting in his prepared remarks was early in the quarter we are getting tagged with all types of respiratory elements, particularly in Washington and California. This was before COVID was a phenomenon. And we've hindsight and better information now, we have attributed that, and it has been attributed to COVID-19 actually showing up in Washington and California far before anybody actually thought it was. But no, there's no intrigue around how we're getting billed and coded for these things with only 1,000 data points, as I said, it's hard to draw any statistical conclusions. On your other point, we are not seeing any dramatic change in the administrative aspects of our provider dealings. We are seeing a drop in pre-authorizations, and claim submissions just because of the elected procedure deferrals. But there has not been a huge disruption in either the level of payments and the level of submissions that we've observed to date, that could change here over the next couple of months.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. Well, Matt, all of you have seen all of the different pundits and think tanks project what this might look like with unemployment scenarios ranging from 10%, 20%, even up to 30% with Medicaid roles expanding anywhere from 10 million to 30 million members. A very wide range of results. I think as we said in our prepared remarks, there are lots of factors to consider here. Number one, COBRA used to be a rather significant factor in how many members would come in. But now with subsidized Marketplace, you could argue that there will be more members attracted to the subsidized Marketplace which might be the 102% of premium that COBRA charges. So there's all types of phenomenon. Even on the unemployment rate, we have to look at subsectors of the economy. We're looking at the lower wage service economy. And I believe that's not going to come back quickly. That sandwich shop, that drycleaner shop, that coffee shop, these small businesses are going to struggle to get back into business. And we think that the lower-wages service economy will remain have higher unemployment rates for a longer period of time than perhaps the higher-wage sector of the economy. So if you take our market share, if you do a projection of unemployment in all of our states, ranging from 10% to 20%, look at our market shares, in Washington, it's 50%. In most states, it ranges from 5% to 25%, 9% on average. You can actually craft a scenario where the membership peaks at a pretty significant number. As unemployment softens, some of that goes back. But I think there's a permanent delta here on that lower-end service economy that's going to struggle to get back into business quickly.
Joe Zubretsky: It's a good question. I say during the all the swirl and the activity around this, I hadn't given that much thought. But the way we look at it is we now do have a product suite that works all the way up to 400% of federal poverty level when you think about it. So when we have Medicaid expansion in a variety of states, up to 138 then we have a highly subsidized Marketplace up into the 200, 250 range. We have products that the population can buy all the way up to that level. And so it would seem that we have the product suite, both commercial and government-sponsored that we need to satisfy the population. I hadn't given your specific question, a lot of thought during all this, but I will do so and get back to you on that.
Joe Zubretsky: Right. We are seeing, I'd say, at this early stage, given that April data I was speaking about, we haven't seen Marketplace growth yet. But we have seen a slowing in the natural attrition rate. As we said at the beginning of the year when we gave our Marketplace forecast, we have reduced our attrition rate outlook to 1%, 1.5% a month. Which would suggest 3,000 to 4,500 members, that is slowing. We believe membership will start growing again here very soon. The point I was making before, I think, is the important one. Is that COBRA charges 102% of the full premium? And we believe, based on all the models we've looked at, that a highly or even reasonably sized subsidy in the Marketplace products, silver product, let's say, beats 102% of commercial all the time. And so we're likely to see more uptake in the Marketplace than maybe in past recessions when the Marketplace actually didn't exist. So now that it does exist, I think it's going to be the net beneficiary of folks who come out of commercial plans. And find that highly subsidized Marketplace product beat staying on COBRA.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, I think that's an excellent point. Generally speaking, if you're in the middle of some kind of expensive treatment protocol or our chronic member on expensive drugs, you just don't move because you're happy with what you have. But as you know, COBRA has unlimited life, and those members have to go somewhere eventually. Right now, we're not assuming anything other than we're building the infrastructure to make sure we can handle the influx of members. Jason Dees, who runs our Marketplace business, is very mindful of how do we capture really risk scores and risk profile in these members. So we know when we get them, how to treat them, how to get them into care plans, etc. So very early stages. I don't have any more thought on it than what I just gave you.
Joe Zubretsky: I'm not sure I understand are you referring to a Medicaid? And I'm not sure what you're referring to exactly, Josh.
Joe Zubretsky: I think it's possible. I will answer the question more broadly. Most of our state customers are very concerned with the viability of various aspects of the medical communities in their states. And whether it's going to be enhancements to the fee schedule request, as you've seen, to pay claims faster, in some cases, even advanced payments to small providers, they are very focused on the health of the provider system. But we have not seen yet, from what I've been exposed to, any major changes to fee schedules. But there are many conversations ongoing about how to keep the providers funded during this entire process.
Joe Zubretsky: I think the first thing I would say, Sarah, is we put a lot of faith in the concept of actuarial soundness, there's ebbs and flows. There's constant tension when benefits are carved in, when the benefits are carved out, when new populations are attempted to be capitated. There's a constant ebb and flow. And the only point we are making is if from a business model perspective, you would expect that in very strong economies when tax revenues are flowing, that rates would be on the strong side of actual soundness and the opposite could be true when tax revenues are down, in terms of recession. But the concept of actuarial soundness has proven in this industry. It's proven in the years that I've been here as testament to the margins that we're achieving. There are ebbs and flows. And all I'm suggesting is that in a recession, we could expect rates to be on the softer side of the actuarial soundness concept. But we still have not changed our outlook for our target margins, but a lot needs to be seen here in terms of what trend figures are going to be baked into the 2021 rates. Are we going to use normalized trends off of 2019? So when trend is inflecting the way it is, I think the bigger issue is when trend is inflecting up and down the way it is, how are the actuarial teams and our state customers and the actuarial teams of the managed care industry going to reconcile the various views of medical cost trend when we go to look at 2021 rates. But all that being said, I have a lot of faith and confidence in the actuarial soundness concept because it's actually worked well for managed Medicaid.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. The one aspect of managed care and medical cost in managed care that comes to mind in your specific question is related to pharmacy. As you know, that is commonly discussed as to either be carved in or carved out. As you probably saw in the New York state budgetary process that was just finalized they have suggested that at some point in the future, New York State could carve out pharmacy. Obviously, not terribly material for us with a $200 million business there, but carving in and carving out is actually, in my view, more of a question of how much rate how much capitated rate do they put in or take out. We'd rather see it bundled into the full capitation and have more revenue. But if it's carved out, it's if they carve out on an unsubsidized basis, you lose your 2% margin on what's carved out and that's it. So you just you hope through the negotiating process that the proper amount of capitated rate is either carved in or carved out. That's the issue, in my opinion.
Joe Zubretsky: Interesting question. I think most of the investment banking community would tell you that in the past couple of weeks or months, that many of in-flight processes have stalled. This one's been going on for some time. And so it was able to get done with great cooperation from the guys from Magellan, and the teams worked well together. It's hard to say. I think this business is a tough business. And we look at some of the smaller players, the not for profits, the single state players, it's hard to get the operating leverage, the scale, the clinical resources you need to actually do a good job. It's just a tough business. But when this is all you do, and you have 3.5 million members and $20 billion of revenue, we certainly have the investable base, the skills and resources to be well here. So buying underperforming properties at 30% of revenue, getting the EBITDA margins up to 6%, 6.5%, that is a great use of our resources and our skills. Particularly when they're funded with cash that's generated from core operations, and we don't have to go to the equity markets or even the debt markets to fund them. So here in the foreseeable future. Obviously, we're going to be working on the regulatory process with Magellan, then we'll be integrating it. But we're still going to look for these single area bolt-on, tuck-in opportunities like the YourCare acquisition, which is fabulous for us. We're going to continue to look for them because we actually have the cash flow to action on them if they're actionable.
Joe Zubretsky: Thanks for the question. It's look, it's a challenge. We moved 6,000 people from working in office to working at home. There are, as I said, hundreds of requests we're getting from regulators every day to do certain things. That requires you have to reconfigure your provider contracts. I mean the operating protocols and the amount of operational change that we're going through right now and dealing with all this is significant. But in New York, our business is in upstate New York, which is not the epicenter of COVID, but certainly is being impacted. The MLTSS business in New York is a good business. We managed $2 billion of LTSS benefits nationwide. I think we're the largest or the second largest manager of LTSS benefits. So it fits nicely with the portfolio. It's really it's not a medical business, per se. It's a business where we cater to the activities of daily living to pretty complex members under the Medicaid program. But it's a good business. It's got seven over $700 million in revenue. It's reasonably profitable. We think we can enhance the profitability by managing the hours more effectively. But COVID-19 was certainly a consideration as we actioned it. But we're either COVID-19 will either have abated by the time we own it or be so well understood and well managed, that it will be the new normal. So it was a consideration, but it did not deter us from wanting that property and including it in the purchase.
Joe Zubretsky: It's a very good point. I will expect in the question, I will reiterate that our strategy hasn't changed. We had committed to growing the pool of profits of the exchange business. And had articulated that we will make the local geographic call as to where to push price for gaining membership and where it ease on or where to push price to gain members push price down to game membership, and we're ease up on it to gain margin and make local decisions based on competitive forces. And obviously, as you suggested, and admittedly, we got the elasticity of demand equation long last year. The bigger issue for us. So the strategy hasn't changed. We're going to take the full profits and attempt to grow it over time at reasonable margins. The rent that's been thrown into the works, obviously, is coded. Right now, as we sit here today, we're developing the pricing model for 2021. They're off of the 2019 baseline, which is pure of COVID. But the question will really be, what type of rates go into the market for 2021, given the COVID environment that we're in right now? So our belief is that in discussions with regulators, allowances will be made for maybe some later rate filings, maybe rate filings that include COVID and others that don't. Allow us to see more so that we can take a reasonable view of medical cost trend, getting into the rate so that we're not guessing, and the industry is not guessing. We don't want to push so much rate into the market that we have excess margins, and we certainly don't want to undercut it to where margins are too low. We want to get it right. So we're working with the regulators right now on the pricing regimen for 2021.
Joe Zubretsky: Our leverage position is very strong, and I would encourage people not to look at our debt to total cap, which averages 40% to 45%, I think, it's 46% at the end of the quarter. Because that generally just sounds high to people. Our debt-to-EBITDA coverage is 1:1. Our leverage is 1:1. Our fixed interest cost coverage is like three weeks of earnings. We've covered our fixed charges and interest. So we're actually underlevered from a cash flow perspective. Having said that, in this environment, you always want to be more liquid than you otherwise would, but with $840 million of cash, $500 million of dividends expected this year, $900 million of untapped facilities, we believe we still have enough cash and enough liquidity cushion that have another bolt-on acquisition opportunity came up this month, next month or next quarter, we'd be able to action it. But in this environment, you want to be a little more liquid than normal. We usually target $100 million of parent company cash as a floor, and we'd probably think slightly higher than that in this environment
Joe Zubretsky: Well, without getting into the process because that's we don't really want to do that. But the point what we wanted to make was that this efforts or long predated coped when the process started. And that was the only point we're really making. But willing buyer, willing seller, it's hard. There's a lot of properties out there, and many of them aren't actionable. But getting something that strategically fits from a product and geography perspective, and then one that's actionable is hard work. We have an expert M&A group, led by Mark Keim and a great team of people who are scanning the universe for actionable opportunities that fit with the portfolio and that are actionable. And last year, we found YourCare, we found NextLevel, but we obviously terminated our agreement with the NextLevel for very good reasons. And then this opportunity came into the market, and we worked it really, really hard with great cooperation from the folks from Magellan. There are others in the pipeline. I can't mention what they are and where they are, but there are still properties out there that are actionable, and we still have the liquidity and the resources to action them if, in fact, they come to market and can be actioned.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. It's hard to draw any conclusions from two weeks in March, but we certainly could draw conclusions from the full month of April. On the outpatient and professional services side, outpatient and ambulatory surgeries, depending on the geography line of business, pre authorization requests and notifications down 30% to 50%. Diagnostic testing and imaging, another sort of elective category, 40% to 45% PCP referrals to specialists, DNA, all down significantly over comparable periods. We're a seeing it on the inpatient side, particularly with elective surgeries and even in behavioral services. So in the medical cost categories that tend to be elective and discretionary we're seeing pre authorization requests and notifications down significantly over comparable periods. The other point I would make here is how long does this persist? There are various mandates of the suspension of elective procedures. That can't be done under either state authority or governmental authority that will end soon at some point. But there will be a contagion of fear of patient fear of going into facilities for the risk of being infected. So how fast they rebound, how fast the boomerang effect and when they come back, is another factor and why predicting what medical costs look like here over the next three to six months is difficult. I remind everyone, when we're talking about the rebound factor is there's a capacity limitation on how fast things can rebound. There are only so many beds. There are only so many doctors, and there's only so many hours in a day. And when you have three, four, five or even six months of pent-up demand, it cannot race through the pipe that quickly. There's a capacity limitation on how fast it rebounds, which adds another variable into forecasting how quickly this could rebound. So I hope that helps, but that's sort of a view of what March and April looked like from an elective and discretionary procedure outlook.
Joe Zubretsky: We've been told that actually, we were told month of May, but we wanted to just open it up in the second quarter because we just weren't sure. But we've actually originally, they actually posted that they were going to do it in April and then due to COVID-19, they actually then pushed it. And whether it's actually published in writing or they made an announcement, I can't recall. But they did say May, but we sort of opened it up and said sometime in the second quarter. So we haven't heard about a suspension. And until we hear otherwise, we still expect the second quarter announcement.
Joe Zubretsky: The first thing I would say to that is in our company, our Telehealth solution is more fully implemented in our Marketplace product than it is in our Medicaid product. It is beginning to be rolled out in our Medicaid product. And obviously, this accelerated the rollout because it was the right thing to do and members couldn't get in person visits. As we said in our prepared remarks, we created a parity mechanism between in-person visits and Telehealth visits. But I wouldn't want to say how it's priced, but it's more penetrated as we're searching for in our Marketplace book, than our Medicaid book. And we have a contract, we pay for it, and it's loaded in the benefit, is really all I can say.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, generally, in Medicaid, the members are not paying anything out of pocket for any service. So in Medicaid, the answer is no. And I believe I'll project this and get back to you. But in Marketplace, it's probably like any other claim payment. If somebody's decided they're deductible, it gets treated that way. If there's a co-pay whatever the benefit plan is, I think it gets treated just like another claim pursuant to the benefit structure of the contract.
