John C. Molina: Look, Sarah, I think that there's a couple of things there. First of all, as you said, the majority of the disconnect is the timing on both Texas quality revenue and health insurer fee. Those combined are close to $70 million, almost $80 million. Then we had the Washington settlement in the third quarter, which was a drag of $11 million. And I think that the impact of the inability to net the profits is an issue. Did we know about it early on? I think we did, theoretically. We just didn't understand the impact and we certainly did not know about the take back in New Mexico, where the retroactive membership was capped at basically a 95% MCR, leaving very little room for profit there.
John C. Molina: Well, I think, as I said, we are excited by our prospects. We've got some very good revenue growth momentum. We've got Puerto Rico coming on next year, admin costs are coming down, just like we expected. So now it's a matter of us trying to work with the states on correcting some of these contract issues, getting some premium rate increases. As Mario said, for the base businesses, it's been a struggle in most of the states to get what we think are adequate rates. But yes, we think that we're in good position right now.
John C. Molina: Joe is adding up the numbers right now as we speak. You're a little bit faster on your arithmetic than he is.
John C. Molina: Sure, Josh. This is John. I think the 2 or 3 areas that have the most meaningful, in terms of the MCR, would be the LTSS in New Mexico. Now we were given data from the state from New Mexico. That was a rate bid within a band. We were either the highest or the second highest in terms of what we bid. So given everything that we saw from the state, our actuaries and outside actuaries, we felt pretty good about that and it's still running in excess of 100%. We think the state just made some errors in some of their assumptions when they gave us the rate; most notably, the challenges of getting out and reaching all these members. I think secondarily, you've got the HOBD, or the blind and disabled, up in Washington. And what happened there was, again, we bid right in line with all the other managed care players using our actuaries, and I believe some consulting actuaries, and we were fine on the -- on that program in 2013. But again, the state then cut the rates because they assumed greater managed care savings than we told them we could get, and I think that all health plans expected to get. And it was a bit similar to the situation in Texas, where the actuaries in the state put it assumptions that are too aggressive. The state also included psychotropic and other high-cost drugs, but didn't give us the tools to manage that. And I think that cost us somewhere in the neighborhood of $1 million through 9 months. So like I say, some of these are programmatic things. I know that Florida looks a little bit out of the line. The MMA, new MMA members are coming in, I think, for the most part, in line. But you've got a pretty significant amount of the real high-cost nursing home patients there.
John C. Molina: Well, I think that the ones that had the most impact are Washington, certainly because of how large it is. And I think we've talked a little bit about the issues in Washington and some potential remedies. There's really not much different in terms of looking at the membership profiles of the ABD population in Washington and the expansion population. They're very close in age, they're very close in utilization, et cetera. Why not offset one line of business with the other? In Texas, that's over 90%. But a good chunk of that, of course, is the unrecognized revenue. Utah has traditionally grown very well. I think that's more of a Medicare issue, so that's why we're looking more at programs than geographies in the future.
John C. Molina: Well, it's interesting Matt, this is John. When you compare the populations across states, they're very similar in terms of the demographics. The folks are -- we're seeing a lot of chronic conditions for this population. But we're not seeing -- we didn't see the initial utilization pick up in places like California and Washington that we saw in Michigan and Ohio. We think a lot of this is just an educational and a timing issue that folks haven't used services early on here because they didn't know they were available to them, they didn't understand the program. If you look at a study that was just put out by The New England Journal of Medicine...
John C. Molina: Well, with respect to -- this is John. With respect to New Mexico, the surprise was the state implemented at on a retroactive basis, it wasn't part of the contract at the beginning of the year. So that was a surprise to us. I think that we did realize that there were profit caps and MCR floors, and Joe talked about that in the last Investor Day, is just typical of a much bigger bite in the third quarter than it had in the first 2.
John C. Molina: And, Dave, this is John. Let me just follow up one thing. We have every confidence that on the HIF stuff, we're going to collect it, we don't want people to run wild if we collect $50 million in the first quarter of next year, for example, and think that's a run rate. So that's why we are downplaying a lot of these quarter-to-quarter fluctuations and looking out for the long term.
John C. Molina: I think the other thing to note is that Washington does their calculations slightly differently for the expansion than the rest of the states in which we have contracts, and that does have some impact. We haven't quantified it yet, but we just know that the arithmetic is different. And then you've got New Mexico with both a higher LTSS. We thought that, that was going to come in a high 90s, not over 100%. And that is then exacerbated by the retroactive issues related to, as Mario said, the retroactive membership.
John C. Molina: We're not talking about Puerto Rico other than just the membership and the revenue, because that was put out by the Medicaid agency. We'll talk about other expectations probably in February.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking again, Chris. It's a variety of things. I wouldn't expect that decline. I would just -- I wouldn't expect that decline to repeat in the fourth quarter as we gear up for Puerto Rico, and we consider what advertising investments we want to make, leading into 2015 enrollment for marketplace. It's -- I guess I would just say that the spending has its own cycles. And this quarter, we were just down a little bit. We're still -- I think John mentioned in his remarks, we're still -- we're not changing the overall guidance to 8% for the year. So I would just stick with what we talked about since February in terms of admin spend.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. I don't want to speak to 2015 yet, because this rate is very -- our effective tax rate is very much a product of what our pretax income is. So you, speaking just to the fourth quarter, Josh, a lot just goes to play out, it's just going to determine on whether we can pick up any of this ACA insurer fee revenue, if we can pick up any of this Texas quality revenue. If we don't pick that up, we're going to be left with a quarterly effective rate of probably between 60% and 65%. We have the issue of nondeductible expenses, which drive the effective rate up as pretax goes down. So worst case, it's somewhere north of 60%. If some of that insurer fee revenue comes in with the Texas quality revenue, it will be a little bit below that.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. I think we're pretty comfortable that there's not going to be a huge amount of spend on additional management. Bear in mind that we capture a lot of the med management cost in our MLR, that you'd see on the books right now. And that's part of what's driving the higher MLRs. We've talked before about how we've had to staff up in terms of med management care coordination staff. And that's still the case as we roll out the MMP plans and dive into things like Centennial Care in New Mexico and MMA in Florida. So I think, if anything we're going to see from a percentage basis, a little bit of moderation on the admin portion that's built into our MLR.
Joseph W. White: Okay. And Kevin, if I could just add one technical -- this is Joe speaking, one technical point to that, I think John spoke to the fact that, for the quarter, the MLR is probably about 1.2% higher based on the new LTSS business we've added for the MMPs Florida -- sorry, Centennial Care and Florida.
Joseph W. White: No doubt it's a -- no doubt there's a mix shift there. On the other hand, I think if you look historically, we do tend to run higher MCRs when we first enter programs. Just a result of margin build and conservatism and everything.
Joseph W. White: Sure. It's Joe speaking. Just to put the numbers in sequence: quarter 1, we had $5 million recorded for that as receivable; quarter 2, that went to $9.5 million; third quarter, it's down to $3.5 million, which reflects, obviously, better performance in California. So at 9/30, $3.5 million is booked as a receivable of the $40 million available.
Joseph W. White: It's is Joe speaking. I'd like just to add, too. I think we're seeing more stark disparities for different populations than we have in the past. It's just been a bit -- it's been surprising how the rates had been off so much between different programs. I don't think we've seen that before.
Joseph W. White: Sure. It's Joe speaking, Andy. I'll start off with that question, or at least to get you started. A couple of observations. First, you remember, from an MMA perspective, we've only had these rates since July 1 and we have a very small population in Florida, which is something John alluded to in his remarks about how swings in some of these smaller states could be misleading. With that said, what we think we know now based on, again, all 3 months of data, our feeling is that while the MCR is high, it's not inconsistent with what we were expecting. We feel like pharmacy is pretty much within the tracks, within the range we expected it to be. We generally feel like both the Nursing Home and the Home and Community-Based Services are coming in as we've expected. We're seeing higher inpatient utilization, curiously enough, than we thought on the TANF side. So I wouldn't -- I don't think there's a whole lot to read into our Florida performance. We also, this quarter, have picked up about $2 million or $2.5 million of unfavorable prior period development from pretty far back in the calendar. And on a $100 million revenue base, that can be pretty distortive. So when Terry and I both spoke to Florida back at Investor Day in September, we talked about an MCR somewhere in the low 90s overall for that business, and I don't think we're seeing anything that would suggest it will be different.
Joseph W. White: It's a little bit lumpy. It's -- about $6 million applies to last year. It has to do with the size of the executive comp we're expensing, which was higher last year. But essentially, it's about $6 million in '13 and then $1 million in the first half of this year.
Joseph W. White: Ana, it's Joe speaking. We get a lot of questions about this over time. The best I can say on that is the DCP is a product of our -- of the reserve we set with our actuaries. We have a full process with an FSA employed by the company with a full team of actuaries who sets reserves every quarter. Those reserves are vetted by Ernst & Young. The way those shake out is the DCP shakes out from those reserve estimates. So I think it's fair to say we've got more liabilities. It's factual, we have more liabilities on the balance sheet than we have in the past, but we don't target the DCP specifically. My expectation is once these populations get established and we've addressed any kind of claims payment issues, which show up sometimes in the beginning of programs. We're going to drop back down into the mid-40s. I don't know when that will be though.
Joseph W. White: Sure. It's Joe speaking, Dave. I think we noted that in this quarter, Utah and Michigan caught up and, in effect, paid 75% or 9 months worth of that base fee. Not the tax effect, but the base fee. So there's a catch up in the quarter.
Joseph W. White: Correct. It's the adjustment for the MLR floor and Washington, Pete. That's $23 million year-to-date, but $17 million of that was in the third quarter. So if I were modeling, I might take that $23 million and spread it over 3 quarters rather than cram it all into the third quarter.
Joseph W. White: Okay. We're having more rates come up Jan 1 than we did before. A lot of states have shifted it. So I think New Mexico has shifted. Washington, we're having those discussions right now. And whether or not we get rate increases or policy changes that have a similar effect, it's a little too early to tell right now.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. To your last question, no, there hasn't been any specific discussion with the IRS about this. The -- we feel like, no, the preamble to the final regs is pretty clear about how the de minimis test is going to be calculated. And what that de minimis test really comes down to, obviously, is a numerator and the denominator. And we are very confident the way we read the final regs that, that numerator would exclude Medicaid premiums. Now let me just say though that test for recognition of income tax expense is more likely than not. So Carl, this is not like a revenue recognition issue where the standard of recognition is near certainty. This is the more likely than not test. But we've spoken to our tax advisers. We've read the preamble of the final regs. We've read the final regs. We've been through the de minimis test, and we're confident we pass it.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, this is Mario. We are looking at changing the way we report. I think you sort of hit the nail on the head. You mentioned earlier that we don't think that a geographic approach, which is what we use when we are primarily a TANF is the best way to do this going forward. We talked about the areas where we really think we have medical cost issues. John mentioned those just a few minutes ago. So I don't think it's -- the other thing is, on the expansion side, the expansion membership has a much bigger impact with us than I think it does with most of the other companies, because we have had such a large expansion enrollment. So this is a bigger issue for us than it may be for some of them.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, the rest is Illinois and Florida. We're picking up 65,000 members in Florida in December as a result of that acquisition, and then the continued growth in Illinois.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, there was a paper. This is Mario. In The New England Journal of Medicine on October 23, a nice little 3-page article about the way that Michigan rolled out their new program for expansion. And some of the things they did, they put a lot of money up front into education, they were able to rapidly process and enroll people. And 36% of the patients that have enrolled have so far scheduled a primary care visit. So I think if you look at a state that's done it right, it was Michigan. I think states like California, where there have been problems with backlogs, have contributed to the lower utilization. But we think it's going to catch-up as people figure out that they've got insurance and they learn how to use it.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes. We believe that the rates are adequate. What we have a problem with is this asymmetric risk that we have in some of our contracts, where we have to return money where we're making profit and absorb losses in other contract areas when we're not. And that's part of the problem. We believe that these things should offset that the various product lines should all be evaluated together. But in terms of expansion, for the most part, we feel that the rates are adequate.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, we were pretty conservative last year with our rates. And in a number of states, we've brought rates down to be more competitive. And I think that we are more competitive. Having things like the second lowest Silver or the cheapest Bronze plan in a number of markets. But remember that this is not going to be a big driver for our business. We've got 2.4 million Medicaid beneficiaries. We're going to add another 500,000 over the next 9 months. So while we think it's important from a strategic standpoint to put a toe in the water on the exchanges, the real drivers of our business are going to be Medicaid, Medicare duals, and that's not going to -- the exchanges are not going to make a huge contribution.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, Ana, I think I would say that a little differently. I think what we tried to emphasize is that the -- we assumed that we would get 100% of the Texas pay-for-performance quality revenue and the health insurer fee. And those are things that are largely beyond our control, and we really thought this would be resolved by this time of the year. Now that we are nearly in November and they're still not resolved, we don't have as much confidence, and we tried to convey that to everyone. There is a slight upward trend in the MCR, and we tried to explain that. A lot of it has to do with certain contracts in certain states. I don't think that it's necessarily a overall widespread trend. I mean, you can really talk about this as 3 -- I think 3 major states that are a problem: Washington, Texas and New Mexico. And it has to do with issues around the expansion and the contracts, it has to do with the inability to offset givebacks and losses, and it has to do with the inability to recognize the insurer fee and the quality revenue. I think that a component of it is the medical care ratio. But medical care ratio is a ratio, it's not the medical cost per se, and that can be affected by a lot of things. And so when we're giving revenue back to states, it affects the MCR, but not because medical costs are rising or because we're having medical management difficulties. Certainly, over time, I think we can whittle these things down. You also have to remember, and I -- we haven't talked about this. But when you bring in a lot of these new populations like the duals and like Centennial Care, there are requirements to do initial health assessments, and often to make home visits. And a lot of this is an up front cost that we're bearing because of the large influx of new members. So that's been a strain. We've had lots of problems with eligibility in New Mexico. We are getting members retroactively back to January, they're coming on in October, and it's because the enrollment system that ACS built has been problematic. So anytime you have enrollment issues, and we've seen this in other states in the past, when they implemented new systems, it makes things very difficult for us. We need to know who's on the plan, when they're on the plan and where they live and how to reach them. And in some cases, we only know that for 1/3 of the members.
Joseph Mario Molina: So yes, let me respond to that. I do think these things will be retroactive. We have had discussions with the state of Texas. They recognize that the health insurer fee is a legitimate cost and they believe there's an obligation to pay it. We know that the state of California is planning to submit a rate amendment for approval by CMS in November that will cover this period. The problem is, even if CMS were to do that, it often takes 60 to 90 days to get that amendment processed at the state, get the contracts signed and the check cut. So I think we will get paid. I'm just not sure that we're going to get paid in this year. The other problem we have is that while we have had communications with them, they haven't put it in writing sufficient that we can accrue the revenue. So it's not that we believe the revenue's not coming, and there's some big chunks of it out there, but this is mostly going to be a timing issue. Nevertheless, it will affect, from an accounting standpoint, the results for 2014 if we don't secure those written agreements before the end of the year.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I think that we enjoy good relationships with our state partners. And I think that they are unattended consequences of their actions, so I think that if there's strong policy arguments as to why these things should be changed. Any time you come in with new contracts and new programs or you expand populations, there are always unforeseen results. So I think there's a good chance that we can get some relief on these things. It just makes sense.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, this is Mario. I think if you look at what happened with California when they brought the ABDs in, for a long time, 1 year, 1.5 years, there was a lot of turmoil. But California eventually got it right. And if you look at the performance of the California health plan, there's been a dramatic change. And so you see what getting the rates right can do. But we need to work with the states' actuaries and some of their policy people to make them understand this.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, the Hep C costs are built into the pharmacy numbers that we reported. It hasn't been extraordinary. However, having said that, with this new drug being approved, I think a lot of doctors have been warehousing their patients waiting for an all-oral option, and I expect Hep C costs to rise. There was a letter that came from the financial association of Medicaid directors that went to the Senate Finance Committee asking for some sort of action to be taken. There's also a lot of concern being raised by people in corrections where the states are completely on the hook for the care of the patients there. And we're seeing a lot of people who are voicing a lot of concerns about how these drugs have been priced. So I think in the next year, you're going to see some action there. We also have some carve out arrangements in Florida and Washington which, I think, will be helpful. So all the states are looking at this. Everybody's scratching their head trying to figure out what to do, but I don't think it's going to go along status quo in 2015.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, first of all, I don't think the contract is finalized yet. And secondly, the previous procurement was withdrawn. So it wasn't a matter of we didn't like the rates, we didn't sign. We never got that far because the whole procurement was withdrawn.
Joseph Mario Molina: And Carl, the auditors have bought off on this. And I think just our tradition of pretty conservative accounting should give you some comfort.
