Mark Keim: I think that’s right, Joe. If you look back to 2020, we were about 318,000 members at the end of the year. 2021 probably would have looked a lot more like 2020, if it wasn’t for the SEP that Joe talked about, which almost none of us in this space knew pretty much at this time last year. Backing out that SEP, 2021 would have looked a lot like 2020. Here we are in ‘22 with an outlook that’s a lot like 2020 and 2021 before the SEP, so I think this level in our portfolio is about the right level, but as Joe mentioned, we will be entirely pricing for margin not for volume.
Mark Keim: Yeah, just to build on that. So that’s a 1.3 billion decline over time but that’s going to happen over a couple of years. So in my prepared remarks, I mentioned 400 million impacting our 2022 outlook, and the additional 900 million in ‘23. So our target was expectation that we would keep half of these members gain since the start of the pandemic. They’ll come off over time per the public health emergency, and the revenue impacts across the two years are as I mentioned.
Mark Keim: Yeah, absolutely. So if you look at our membership, as you point out, we’re down some 60% end of ‘21 versus ‘22 but as Joe mentioned, our revenues in marketplace are down 38%. Why the disconnect? Within our new membership is a very different mix of bronze versus silver. Last year, 2021, we had about 41% of our portfolio in bronze, that’ll be down to 15% in 2022. As I’m sure you know the PMPM, the revenue PMPMs are quite different between bronze and silver, they’re about 300 in bronze, and about 550 in silver on average across the portfolio. So that kind of offsets a lot of the volume decline, just on higher PMPMs on those members.  Now on the margins, Joe mentioned last year it’s 86.9 MCR but we’re tracking this year to a 79, which is smack in the middle of our long-term guidance for marketplace MLR. A couple of things that bridges from last year two this year, obviously, we took significant pricing, as we looked into the New Year. Your specific question around what did SEP and COVID cost us? I think we mentioned at a high level in our prepared remarks, we carried across marketplace 430 basis points of COVID last year and 360 basis points from the SEP. So you put those two together that’s 8% of headwind that I’m not expecting in the New Year. COVID, we all have a more optimistic outlook for COVID in the New Year and SEP, the market will be behaved differently this year, the regulations are different, pure people can sign up and our distribution strategy puts us in a different place, I just don’t think we’ll have that exposure. So you get the 8% pricing coming into the New Year. You remove that headwind of COVID and SEP throw a trend assumption on there for what a normalized trend assumption could be and you have a very clear path to that high 70%, 79% MLR I’m talking about.
Mark Keim: And Justin, it is Mark. The only thing I’d add to that is I think you asked about redetermination as well. As you know we have the projections for some revenue coming off and some members through redetermination, what we don’t have is those members picked up in our marketplace product at the margins we expect to drive here that is all upside to our projections. But we have a meaningful effort out there to pick up the redetermination members in our marketplace and Medicare in some case products through cross sell, which has meaningful upside to the numbers we’ve talked about today. 
Mark Keim: So on the capital side, I feel really good about our dry powder. We’re starting off the year with a good cash balance at the parent. Our projected cash flow for the year is strong. And you can see the leverage metrics gives me a lot of room to raise more if I needed. On the M&A side, I’m encouraged by what we’re seeing for the year. Number of things in the hopper right now; of course, they all move at their own speed, we never make commitments about when they might happen but good line of sight on a number of targets, which I’m hoping to deploy the capital against. What Joe and I have always been adamant about, though, is share repurchases, when and where appropriate. There’s some small amount that is just not part of our normal hygiene that we would probably do during the course of the year. Not a big commitment by any means but just on an annual basis, there is some small amount we like to do. Part of that’s, though, a function of what the M&A pipeline turns out on, we’ll have to see how that plays out on the year.
Mark Keim: Yeah, we do have pretty good insight at this point, a much better proportion of our starting membership this year is renewal, meaningfully better than say even last year. Part of that is with the smaller book, a number of our members rolled over with us. So we kept a much higher percentage of renewal members this year and that’s a really good thing because we know those members better, we have the history on them and that converts right into risk adjustment, and starting the year with a much better risk adjustment position and obviously being able to code those members right out of the gate. So we feel good about that higher level of renewals, and it does translate into risk adjustments. 
Mark Keim: No. It’s Mark. Your memory is quite good. We, we used to talk about $1 of Medicare risk score in our embedded earnings. That is we just weren’t able to get out there and do the in-home assessments and the risk scoring during the pandemic the way we had historically, so we were carrying $1. Now the good news is late in the third quarter, especially in the fourth quarter, we were actually able to realize part of that. CMS extended the window for submissions from 2020, which meant we were able to get a little bit more of that into the back half of ‘21. As a result, that dollar fell to $0.50 at the end of the year and will realize that $0.50 in our guidance. So the dollar we used to talk about $0.50 you got in third and fourth quarters, the other $0.50 you’re getting in guidance at it. 
Joe Zubretsky: Our strategy is to focus on our Medicaid footprint and to capture individuals who at times income out of Medicaid and have a marketplace product to buy from us at zero premium. That’s always been the strategy. And again, if you look back just a year ago, we’re at 300,000 members and then of course the Special Enrollment Period, added 20,000 to 40,000 members a month while coming on to the to the marketplace roles at a higher acuity. So this is a capital allocation decision. It’s a function of the SEP, it’s a function of the pandemic, and we are comfortable with this business at roughly 7% to 8% of revenue, leveraging our Medicaid footprint, and we think our capital allocation is appropriate as we’ve now repositioned the risk profile of this business.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. With the public health emergency now having been extended to April, given the notification periods that are required, the first members will not be re-determining, reestablishing eligibility until July 1. We estimate that given that we grew organically, approximately 750,000 members, since the beginning of a pandemic, that equates to approximately $2.9 billion of revenue. We believe that $2.9 billion of revenue will decrease by 1.3 billion to a $1.6 billion residual target and that will happen partially over 2022 and then partially over 2023. Mark, you want to go through the numbers.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Stephen. You mentioned the embedded earnings power, which is not a theoretical construct, we didn’t construct it in the abstract, it’s real. And as we previously disclosed, sitting on top of our $13.50 actual results for 2021, about $6.50 was embedded earnings power. Clearly, with the significant impact of the pandemic, was something reasonable to account for. And because we’ve been so acquisitive, we thought it was also helpful to account for the growing accretion of our closed acquisition. So sitting on top of our $13.50 results in ‘21 was an additional $6.50 in embedded earnings. We have harvested $3.50 of that embedded earnings inside our $17 -- at least $17 plan for 2022. Also, as you suggested, sitting on top of the $17 is an additional $2.50 of continued embedded earnings power, due to the net effect of COVID, due to the Affinity and Cigna Texas acquisitions, which are new to the portfolio and AgeWell will add a little bit as well. So it’s a real construct, the Embedded earnings have been harvested inside the 2022 plan, and some still exists to add to future earnings growth here over time.  And the net effect is COVID, we account for three things. We account for the direct cost of COVID-related care, we attempt to estimate the effect of utilization curtailment due to the pandemic, and then we account for the effects of the corridor. As we previously suggested, the corridors were significant in 2021. We had nine of them that were financially significant that has been reduced to three for 2022. So they linger on into ‘22 in the state of Washington, Ohio, and Mississippi. We have every confidence when the PAHD [phonetic] ends, they too will be eliminated. But that’s really what’s in the $2 net effective COVID for 2022 are the lingering effects of three corridor. 
Joe Zubretsky: Yes. Just, again, some additional color, the answer is yes, that special enrollment membership ran at a very high loss ratio. In fact, the volume, it represented about 40% of the member month volume in the fourth quarter alone and 25% for the year; ran at 105% MCR in the fourth quarter and just about 100% for the full year. So that was a significant contribution to our issues this year. As Mark suggested, blend it over the entire year, it was 260 basis points of MCR pressure, so we expect that to completely reverse into next year. The business is positioned where it should have been, pre-SEP. As I said, we follow our Medicaid footprint, we sell to highly subsidized members. Now that we’ve repositioned the mix to more silver than bronze, we have every confident that this is a solid baseline, mid-single digit margins, and probably mid to low single digit growth here over the foreseeable future.
Joe Zubretsky: It certainly is part of our strategic planning process to look at all opportunities for allocation of capital. And yes, we’re well aware of the capability builds that happen in other companies, we’re well aware of vertical integration with providers. We believe, for the foreseeable future, there is so much growth, both in the demographics, actual membership growth, particularly in the high acuity segment, that we don’t have to look far beyond our ability to take capitated risks, particularly with high acuity members, manage it really well, be a rate taker in Medicaid, grow Medicare, and use this ballast of marketplace, as this residual mechanism, that we don’t need to do much beyond that, to sustain the growth around. We never would have suggested a 13% to 15% revenue growth and 15% to 18% EPS growth by 2025, if we didn’t see enough runway to continue growing the business and in the swim lanes we’re in. So certainly in our strategic planning process, we always look at capability build, we are not going to allocate capital to vertically integrate with providers. For us, we do not think that’s a good deployment of capital. But there’s so much runway with the number of lives that will go managed and particularly the high acuity lives that we don’t need to do much beyond that.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, certainly all the strategies that we were executing for 2022 were in place during the third quarter, they had to be, as we’re going into open enrollment. Yes, membership is down but we withdrew in just about all of our markets the bronze product. Now, how many of those members were going to then take up a Molina-based silver product was a matter of estimation. Would I have hoped to end up with more membership if it was silver? Sure but 320,000 out of the gate is just fine. So as you take a complete product set off the shelf, except in three states where the circumstances are quite different, so basically pull it off the shelf, it was hard to know how much of that membership would have stayed in a Molina product with silver. But the good news is the members that we do have, most of them are renewal members, and 85% of them are silver. So irrespective of where we started and where we ended up, we’re ending up in a really, really good place that portends well for the production of the mid-single digit margin.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. Well, certainly. When insurance is available to you, anytime you need it, you buy it, and it should be no surprise that the effects of the adverse selection were significant. So the question then becomes, what happens to that cohort, a lot of the uptake during the special enrollment period was bronze. So to the extent that that product was one that was affordable, and no Molina bronze product was available, they either renewed with us into silver or didn’t renew us at all. The other fact that’s really important is if the acuity of the member didn’t change, they’re still high acuity, but now we still have them. The fact that we’ve now had them for over a year means that we’ll be able to capture risk scoring more appropriately and the fact that they’re in silver means the risk score will count for more revenue. So the fact that some of these members renewed into the renewal book into 2022 is fine, the number is not very high, but now we have visibility into their acuity, we will be able to capture the risk score and at least earn a silver product.  Long term, my comments are going to really extend to our strategy, which is this is a high subsidy strategy to follow our Medicaid footprint. My view of this has always been and I’m looking -- I was always looking for the right word, it’s a residual market for Medicaid. As members get part time jobs and have an income level just above Medicaid, they’re probably eligible for highly subsidized marketplace product. Our strategy has always been to target that market. Now, our execution has been less than perfect on that but that’s always been the strategy. So this is going to grow with the working poor, with the Medicaid population as people flex up and down. So we think there, as we said, an Investor Day low-single digit growth rate, mid to -- I think it’s 5% to 8%, I think is the right number. And we’re confident that that’s the way the business will grow with a yield that’s probably half of that and membership growth that’s another half of that. But it’s a product that should flex up and down with Medicaid as the Medicaid rolls move up and down. 
Joe Zubretsky: AJ, first, thanks for asking about Medicaid. It’s obviously 80% of the revenue base and we couldn’t be more pleased with the result that the Medicaid team produced in 2021 and the plan for ‘22. I mean, it’s now a total of nearly $24 billion of revenue, $23 billion of premium revenue, and it’s going to operate north of a 3% after tax margin. We continue to win new business. And yes, we do have to retain and defend our existing contracts, as you suggested. The California RFP was distributed just yesterday. We believe the Texas RFP will be distributed late in the first quarter and Mississippi is in the middle of a proposal writing effort, as we sit here today. Most of the other procurements are longer dated, but those are the three, we have a high confidence in all three of them. We run a really well run business in California, we have a great team. As you know, it’s a pretty complex state with respect to how the region’s work.  And yes, I think us and the rest of the managed care industry were disappointed that Kaiser was awarded a no bid contract but it’s not as though it’s some transformational event that’s going to reshape the entire medical landscape, it’s incremental. In fact, most of the impact will be in tooth plan regions where the local health plans have major share. So, high confidence in California, high confidence in Texas. In fact, we say that the fact that the regulatory process for the Cigna acquisition went so well, that it is testimony to the high regard the state holds us in with respect to the STAR+PLUS population.  With respect to new states, as you know, there’s $108 billion pipeline over four to five years. We certainly won’t chase every opportunity in every state. We are very selective as to where we think we can win evaluating a series of criteria. But our proposal writing team, our business development team, are extremely active, and to date have demonstrated a great deal of success with a Kentucky win and Nevada win and defending the Ohio contract. So the business is performing extremely well and at 80% of revenue, it needs to enhance and the outlook for growth, both organically and inorganically, is pretty robust.
Joe Zubretsky: I don’t think we’ve given a specific percentage but the rate increase was low-single digit across in Medicaid across the book. We are comfortable with its actuarial soundness. It has generally kept pace with our view of normalized medical costs trend, which also was low-single digit. So the rate environment is stable. It’s rational, the principle of actuarial soundness and the return to a prospective setting of rates based on a sound medical baseline and the removal of these corridors seems to be happening as quickly as we originally estimated. 
Joe Zubretsky: Most of it is the shift from bronze to silver, which is a very significant differential in the PMPM revenues that those products generate. But we did go for it and attain a highest single digit rate increase in that business. In terms of where we start, and where we end, I think we said we started with 323 [phonetic] and 30,000 members, after the whole Annual Enrollment period. We are projecting pre-pandemic levels of attrition, which averaged 1.5% to 2% a month. Now, if that doesn’t happen, we’ll end up with more than 250,000 members by year end. We’re also expecting not to pick up many members during Special Enrollment. As you know, the Special Enrollment Period still exists but the eligibility requirements have been significantly reduced to where only people at less than 150% of Federal Poverty Level income are eligible. So, if we – we won’t pick up SEP members, we’re confident in that and if attrition is at 1.5% to 2% a year, the 250,000 number by year end is about where we will end.
Joe Zubretsky: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Just wanted to make sure we’re talking about the same thing. Sure, we have a $500 million revenue decrement, in our forecast for the year due to the carve outs, which is a full year of California and a half a year of Ohio. And obviously, there’s margin implication to that. These revenues that are taken out into a fee for service environment generally carry with them the average Medicaid margin. So think of it as the loss of the average Medicaid margins on $500 million of revenue.
