Mark Keim: Great, thanks for the questions, Josh. I'll take the second one first. The states have a lot of different protocols and policies about how we can interact with members ahead of redetermination. The good news is, they're giving us the list of at risk members months ahead of time, which is very helpful to reach-out to them, interact with them, see if we can re-verify them or in many cases, put them into our Marketplace product if appropriate. Now in the cases where members are being redetermined, they lose their eligibility, which we're estimating is about 50%. I don't know that I had great insights on specifically where they'll go. And Josh, it's complicated, because what we see is some will get re-verified, lose eligibility and move right into another product, others may go uninsured for a few months and then eventually wind-up in one of those products. So I don't have good estimates on that. The only other thing I'll remind you of is, we didn't put any upside on retaining redetermined members in our Marketplace outlook. So anything that we pick up through redetermination is upside to our Marketplace outlook.
Mark Keim: And just to put a point on what Joe said, Stephen, maybe what you're reacting to is some of the at-risk member data points. The states are putting those out specifically so that managed care organizations can reach out to those members and whether its eligibility issues or verification issues, interact with those members to minimize it. So the list of at-risk is certainly bigger than the list of folks that will actually lose eligibility.
Mark Keim: Yes, that's exactly right, Joe. The things to think about there is the investable balance will decline over the year from where it is and about $8.2 billion right now. It will decline as we pay down previous year corridors, minimum MLRs, things like that. Second, we're mostly in cash, which means we're instantly responsive to any cuts in rates. And when I look at the Fed funds outlook, most folks are baking in maybe another raise in the second quarter, but likely two cuts in the back half of the year. So we are cautious in our outlook.
Mark Keim: And Michael, it's Mark. Let me just take the first question on Medicaid, not sure what your model was, but the Medicaid revenue for me came in right about on expectation. But there's things that can move it a little up, a little down quarter-to-quarter, which might be driving some of what you're seeing. Certainly, mix changes quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year. Retro premiums, which are driven by a number of different items, retro membership updates, things like that certainly drive variations in revenues. And don't forget when we book corridors, minimum MLRs or any form of experience rebates, those run through the revenue line as well. So you put those things together, my hunch is, that's what explains what you're seeing. But overall, I think we're pretty close to just out everybody's model on first quarter.
Mark Keim: Absolutely. So we started one state in April, but the vast majority of my states won't actually go through eligibility and redetermination until June and July. So, we're fairly back-end loaded here, which is why we're a little limited on data just at the moment. We've got one state. But as Joe mentioned, the way this works is long before a member would actually get redetermined or lose eligibility, they go on in at-risk list. And the states define at-risk in two ways. One, places where they have some data that suggests the member will lose eligibility, some data point that suggests that or just verification failures where they can't reach that number. They're giving us those lists months in advance. So I’m mostly back ended for June and July. But in many cases, I have a list of those members already. We can start reaching out to them, contacting them through all of our different channels long in advance. Now that data is not particularly helpful on what will happen because the whole point of that data is to preempt some of the people that shouldn't lose coverage. So, it's very helpful on us retaining members, but it's not helpful in saying from a data perspective, how many will we lose or what would the economic impact be, if any? Now the real data points on real stairs and levers don't happen until redetermination actually occurs. And again, for us, that's just one state so far. The states published files 834s, 820s, which let us know specifically who's coming and going, who the stairs and levers are. And we're way too early to have real insights on that given one state so far.
Mark Keim: Absolutely. I mentioned that the majority of our states don't actually redetermine members. That is, take members off the roles until June and July. So we, across our 18 Medicaid states are very back-end loaded. That means the true data development won't really start to accrue until Q3 and Q4. Now remember, these states have a year to go through this process. Some will move a little faster, some will move a little bit slower. But picture on a weighted average going down over time, this data will start to develop, and I think we'll have a meaningful discussion in Q3 and Q4 on real data-driven insights.
Mark Keim: Hi, Calvin, it's Mark. Joe got it exactly right. The majority of our states, the calendar year is the same as the fiscal year. Which means, if data is developing in the third and fourth quarters it positions you very well for an on-cycle rate review. Now at least two of our states have already committed to a mid-cycle rate review as well, anticipating that at least we should look at the data together. So we feel good about that. Overall, I think on the topic of retrospective and prospective, states have been really open to both. And in many cases, I think they're waiting for the initial gimps of data to decide on-cycle, off-cycle, retrospective, prospective, how they might do that. But the general signal from the states is very much of a partnership here to work through this rate cycle.
Mark Keim: Yes. Hi, Sarah. On your about timing, don't forget the states have 12 months from the end of the PHE to complete redetermination, the PHE ends in May. So even though some states began redetermination in April, the clock starts ticking as of May. So 12 months from May, I think there may be a difference between states intentions of how fast they move versus how fast they actually move. And we're seeing a little bit of that in some of our partnership discussions with them. So we'll obviously be accommodative of any schedule they want to roll out. But staffing issues, resource issues, it will be interesting to see how the next 13 months here play out.
Mark Keim: Right. On inpatient, I hear you on the data points, but we're seeing just something just a little bit different. Lower surgical and obviously, lower COVID as the effects of the pandemic are diminishing, but also increasingly outpatient type of care for COVID cases. So as Joe mentioned, a fairly light trend for the first quarter.
Mark Keim: The only thing I'd add to that is, with risk adjustment, the correlation between medical cost experience and risk adjustment at this point is pretty tight. So if the risk pool changes a little bit, I'm expecting effectively a hedge from our performance on risk adjustment.
Joe Zubretsky: Stephen, our analysis is bottoms up state-by-state. And of course, we are in active discussions with our state-based customers and helping them manage the 90 million people nationwide and we're going to go through the redetermination process. As Mark had mentioned, many of the states have various protocols and different protocols on how interactive we can be. But we are in very active discussions with our state-based customers. They have given us a list of what they consider at risk members, meaning, members that will likely have to go through a reverification process. And from everything we've learned since this all started months ago and now has only started in one state actually in the month of April, we stand pretty firm that our 800,000 member increase during the pandemic will decrease by 50% and end up at 400,000.
Joe Zubretsky: Justin, on the MLRs for Medicare, we continue to hold firm on our long-term forecast of between 87% and 88%. And I would just summarize it by saying, the faster we grow, it would push you towards the higher end of that range because the members we yet -- are not yet risk-scored, they're not yet into care management programs. And it takes a while for that a year or two for that MLR to settle back into our target range. So if we're growing nicely, which we are today at greater than 10% a year, it will push the MLR up into the higher end of that range, and we're very comfortable with that. On investment income, sure, short-term interest rates are very high currently. As our guidance suggested, we do not forecast them to remain at this level. I will remind you that half of our investable base is locked in at two to three year duration in short-term bonds. But the other half is entirely floating, it's cash and it's floating at short-term rates. And Mark and his team were, I think, appropriately cautious in projecting those rates to decline for the balance of the year.
Joe Zubretsky: Nathan, it's Joe. Our strategy is working. The strategy to reallocate capital to businesses that add less inherent volatility like Medicare and Medicaid and to keep this at about 5% of the portfolio keeping it small, 5% of the portfolio, keeping its silver with two-thirds of our members in silver products and keeping it stable, 75% of the members renewing. Not only as is projected toward our target mid-single digit pretax target margins, but probably with less inherent volatility. So we're really pleased with that. The first quarter MCR had some seasonality aspects to it, and we did outperform. I would say that our guidance includes something closer to the bottom end of our long term range of 78% to 80%, perhaps a little lower than that. But particularly that more of the business was bronze than we had projected and bronze has higher deductibles. The seasonality tilt is a little steeper than we originally projected. We're on target for the bottom end of our 78% to 80% long-term target range for the full year.
Joe Zubretsky: Scott, it's Joe. Yes, there are a variety of factors, regulatory factors that have been introduced in the past number of months that have caused folks in the Medicare Advantage business to think differently about the earnings trajectory. First, let me remind everyone that Medicare is only 15% of our total book. Also remind you that of that Medicare book, half of it are the MMP demonstrations. Now while MMP demonstrations aren't totally insulated from these industry dynamics, they do not have STARS scores. They're not subject to the rate notice, although rates come in a different way, 40% of that revenue is actually Medicaid driven and not Medicare-driven. So I wouldn't say we're insulated from it, but with half the book being in MMP, which is not responsive to those various rate type actions. We're pretty well insulated. But it does relate to our D-SNP book. We believe that our product is competitive. It is replete with value-added benefits. Many of these factors affected the entire market. So, if we have to pull back on value-added benefits to keep the product at zero premium and competitive, we think we can do so. I think we're well positioned for a couple of other good years in Medicare.
Joe Zubretsky: I'm going to take the second part of the question first and kick it to Mark for the analysis of Medicaid revenue. No, we know very little more than we knew at the fourth quarter. Only one state has actually started the redetermination process, and it's a very small state for us. Now we believe that our cohort analysis, which analyzes various aspects of durational acuity, how many members do you have greater than a year or less than a year. How many members do you have that have zero 25% MCR. What's your lapse rate. Didn't go to zero, it decreased, but members were terminating during the pandemic. What's your coordination of benefits rates. It's up slightly, but not a lot. So the data does not suggest that there's a huge shift of members, durational acuity members, and we start there. Second, all we did was mention the mitigants that if something should occur somewhere in one of our markets. There's premium adjustments, premium mix will help us if we're deep into a rebate mechanism or a minimum MLR in that market, that will be the first cushion for a potential effect. And then, of course, you're into the rate cycle. And we believe -- not we believe, we know that the state and CMS have been in active discussions about what could potentially happen and they are not only amenable, but they're very supportive of potential retrospective or prospective rate actions. So that's our point of view. It really hasn't changed from the fourth quarter because we know very little more today than we do at that point.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. I'll send to Mark. But for the most part, what we're getting from states is what we're calling members at risk, members that will have to go through some form of process, either specifically or on an [indiscernible] basis to be redetermined. Mark, you're closer to the situation.
Joe Zubretsky: Yes. Just because the member has been identified as someone who will have to go through the reeligibility process. And by the way, that data is very immature. It's not in hundreds of thousands of members. It's tens of thousands of members. We can extrapolate very little from that. And so, it's way too early to make -- draw any conclusions from the early at-risk member data that we've seen. It will build over time. And as we have insights and we report quarters, we'll fill you in on where we are.
Joe Zubretsky: A.J., I'll answer the second first. We talked about risk-sharing corridors during the pandemic that were introduced in a dozen of our states as a direct result of the pandemic. Reminding everyone that pre-pandemic, dating all the way back to earlier in the decade, various types of mechanisms existed in 17 of our states, MLR floors experience rebates. Those have always been in place. And because of our performance, we routinely pay into them. The better you perform, the more you'll pay into them. And the more you pay into them, the greater the cushion should your fortunes reverse later in the year. So we're not going to go through the actual numbers because it actually matters where you're in the money, in what state and it's way too difficult to project anything other than we have routinely paid into these mechanisms, the experience rebates, we did last year in 2022 because we were very profitable. Reminding you, we still have best-in-class industry margins even after having paid into them. And yes, should an inflection occur later in the year for whatever reason, redetermination for any other reason, these payables act as the first cushion to financial performance. Mark, do you want to take the question about what quarter we'll have visibility? We've talked about that a lot. And it’s might be third, more likely fourth.
Joe Zubretsky: I'll give you the editorial comment. We have not projected it to take longer than we said originally. But I expect that it would. And states are going to be -- most states will be very careful to make sure they don't strain members without coverage if they're in fact eligible. We're not projecting it to take longer, but it could be more back-end loaded than we have projected.
Joe Zubretsky: Steven, our medical cost trends were completely in line with expectations, flat in Medicaid, 2% in Medicare, 3% in Marketplace year-over-year. We saw an increase in utilization, but it's important to note when we say that to make the companion statement that expensive inpatient stays were down but less expensive. Our outpatient services, ambulatory services were up. So [indiscernible] were up, but the intensity of service and the types of services really reduce unit costs. Our trends were completely in line. We saw nothing in the quarter that wasn't expected or anticipated, trends are completely in line with what we assumed in pricing.
Joe Zubretsky: COVID has gone from almost being completely and inpatient phenomenon to almost completely a laboratory phenomenon. You trade one inpatient -- the cost of one inpatient stay for one lab test all the time. So it has changed dramatically year-over-year, some pandemic-related and some just trend-related.
Joe Zubretsky: Gary, our fast start to the year and the exchanges at 68.6% gives us great comfort that we'll operate at or below the low end of our long-term target range of 78% to 80% on the MCR. A little bit more seasonality due to the heavier than expected bronze mix, but completely in line with expectations. We are on target to hit our mid-single digit margin target for the year. With respect to the risk pool, the risk pool has really stabilized. A lot of the irresponsible pricing is out of the market. We have our arms around special enrollment. It's coming in at much lower levels due to the cutoff at 150% of FPL. So we have our arms around that. The risk pool has somewhat stabilized, which gives us really good visibility, not only into the acuity of our members, given that 75% of them are renewed members, but also two-thirds of them are in a silver product, which gives us the opportunity to optimize the value of a risk floor. We're in good shape on the marketplace so far, and we expect to operate at the low end of our long-term target range for the full year.
Joe Zubretsky: Thank you. Yes. As I said, 17 of our states have always for a long period of time had mechanisms, experienced rebate mechanisms and minimum MLR mechanisms, which are set at pretty low levels, which allow you to actually earn excellent margins as we have been even though we still have been paying into these mechanisms. So yes, as I mentioned, last year, we had a good year and paid into them. And in the first quarter, again, good first quarter. We also paid into them in the first quarter. We don't disclose how much, but it's a routine part of the business. It's part of the overall earnings trajectory of how we think about the business and the first quarter was business as usual, excellent margins in Medicaid and still paid into these corridors and rabates.
