John C. Molina: That's a multiple-choice question there. A lot of detail in there, Sarah. I think that we've gone back and talked to the states about the rates again because we think that even though they have looked at rate adequacy, we believe and some other health plans believe that perhaps we're not quite where we need to be in terms of the rates. So part of this may come from additional rate relief. Our medical directors have done a very good job of working on getting utilization down in terms of inpatient. And inpatient for the ABD constitutes, I would say, about 30% to 35% of all medical costs, so we would expect to gain some further decreases because of continued decreases in utilization. 1 month, again, doesn't -- or 1 quarter doesn't make a trend. We also have a new pharmacy contract that took effect January 1 of this year, which we expect will help with those costs as well.
John C. Molina: Well, Justin, on the rate environment, we're going to go through a lot of detail in a couple of weeks on the rate increase -- increases or decreases or flat. We think that by and large rates are going to be sort of flat again this year, state budgets are not. They're improving, but still not in great shape. As far as the premium tax goes, I'll let Mario speak to our efforts there, but we have seen some actuarial white papers on other sorts of premium taxes. And since it is a discrete item, we believe there is a very good argument, if it's not repealed, that it is paid for as a discrete line item.
John C. Molina: Sure. I think we tried to scope out and put about -- I think it was $5 million is what we attribute to flu cost during the fourth quarter. As the flu sort of moved out West, we're seeing a bit of a ramp up in January. But again, nothing very significant, nothing materially significant, I would say.
John C. Molina: Well, we were pretty conservative in Q2 and Q3 when we did our IBNR reserves. And I think what happened is the changes we made to provider contracts and to some of the utilization management caused those trends to go down faster than what our actuaries predicted, and so that's what the big delta was for.
John C. Molina: No, we've talked about a big ramp up that we're going to be experiencing over the next 3 years. And so that's what you're seeing in the D&A. There's nothing in there in terms of interest expense, et cetera.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. We continue to advocate for repeal of the tax. We believe that this excise tax really does not generate new revenue for the government because our premiums are paid for by the government, so you're really just robbing Peter to pay Paul. However, as with other premium taxes we've seen in the past, we expect this to be passed through. So if there is a tax like this, we would expect that the states would increase our premium revenues accordingly, and that's consistent with actuarial practices and our previous experience on premium taxes.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, what we said, Josh, was that we're starting at about an 89% medical care ratio for Texas, and we think that, that is a good baseline going into 2013. Of course, we're going to continue to try to work that down. We've made a lot of improvements in terms of our contracts, and we'll continue to work on utilization management to see if we can push that a little bit lower.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, Scott, we need a plan president there whether we win the RFP or not. So that had nothing to do with it.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, that's a very interesting question. We have a subcontract relationship in Los Angeles County for the Medicaid program. We have not signed any new or additional contracts with HealthNet, and we're all waiting for further information on how the program is going to roll out in California. So until we have more information, there's not much to add to that other than things remain status quo.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, I think the first thing we have to see is what the contract between -- for the 3 party agreements going to look like between the state, the federal government and the health plans, and we haven't received that yet. So until we know more about what the underlying contract looks like, I think it's too early to say what subcontracts will look like. But we imagine it's going to simply be an extension of our current agreement with HealthNet.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, we have seen some preliminary numbers, and I think it's safe to say that consistent with what we have said in the past and what we have seen from that -- the savings assumptions are going to be on the order of 1% to 2% in the first year of the program.
Joseph Mario Molina: We exited a region in the northern part of Los Angeles County, and the medical costs there were high in large part because there's only a single hospital in the region, and we've had a great deal of difficulty as have other health plans in negotiating with them. This is an ongoing problem in -- especially in rural areas with the Medicaid program. And I hope that in the future we'll get more support from the government, both in terms of the states and perhaps looking at antitrust issues, to prevent certain hospitals from holding health plans hostage. But we had no choice but to exit that region as a result.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, the G&A, we had a number of settlement issues. They are onetime in nature. They're about $14 million, and we don't expect those things to recur.
Joseph Mario Molina: No, it's a number of little things, I mean if you can call $14 million little. But it's a number of little things.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, thank you, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call. It's been a good quarter, and we look forward to seeing you in February on the 21st in New York for our Investor Day.
Christian Rigg: I guess I'm just trying to figure out when I look at the EBITDA guidance for this year of $245 million. If you look at sort of the run rate of below-the-line items, D&A, investment income, rental, interest expense, et cetera, is there some big step-up assumption for 2013 relative to the fourth quarter? Because it looks like the bottom line got --
Christian Rigg: I did want to follow up on the G&A expense. What is the onetime in there? Maybe I missed it, but just some more detail would be helpful.
Christian Rigg: Okay. And then one last follow-up on the guidance, and I know you guys are trying to not talk about it too much, but is it primarily on the D&A side or is there an assumption there on the interest side in terms of raising some money you're earning that, that might be worth highlighting? And we'll leave it at that.
Joseph W. White: This is Joe speaking. We don't want to go into too much on guidance, obviously, on this call. We'll save that for New York. But fair to say, we've been ramping up a lot of our infrastructure investment in anticipation of entering new markets, which inevitably has been pushing the depreciation line up.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. It's really the 3 items John called out to get there. The first item being the abnormally high prior-period development number in Texas of $30 million. There's always a degree of prior-period development, usually favorable in our case. We just call that number out because it's particularly big this time. So you could back that out or you could back out the majority of that, and translate that into a per share basis. And I think it's -- I think on a per share basis, it's about $900,000 pretax equals about $0.01 a share after tax. So you would just back out that $30 million. We talked about the retro rate increase in California of about $12 million for the ABDs in California. About $2 million, or $2 million to $3 million of that relates to fourth quarter. The rest of it is either in earlier parts of 2012 or 2011. So again, you could subtract out $10 million for that. And then we talked about $14 million of accruals related to settlements in that kind of item, which are unlikely to recur. So that would go back the other direction. So if you price all those out at around $900 pretax equals $0.01, you'll get around $0.25, $0.26, $0.27. It's a rough cut, but that'll be -- it's in the ballpark. Did that help? [Technical Difficulty]
Joseph W. White: No, that's not the expectation. I'll have to take a look at that, Carl. I'll have to take a look at that.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. The state had some issues with eligibility that first started surfacing, I think, around July and August. They spent a couple of months fixing it, and they've gotten it fixed now. While there might be a little bit of true-up back and forth, it won't be material at this stage.
Joseph W. White: We'll have to talk off-line with people who are having issues getting their -- the model essentially envisions about $20 million of increased depreciation expense over 2012. So I'll have to talk to you about why they're sort of struggling to get to our number.
