John C. Molina, JD: Sure, A.J. So, on the Medicaid side, we did talk about Ohio early in the year. The first quarter was a bit rocky for us. And then, we were able to bring the medical cost down in Q2 and Q3. I think that in Q4, it's just normal seasonality as opposed to anything else. In Puerto Rico, we did again flag that early in the year, and have had some very good results in improving the profitability of the Puerto Rico plan. Texas, again, we cited early, but the Texas issues again are largely behind us.
John C. Molina, JD: Sure, Dave. I want to be careful, because when you ask what would happen if we got out, we're beginning to get into forward-looking guidance type of things. But the way that you described – the way I would say, the puts and takes for Marketplace, it really relates to the risk transfer. If you look at that, we ended up transferring $350 million in excess of what we priced it at. Now, if the risk transfer methodology were structured in a more accurate way, you would expect almost a one for one decrease in medical expenses, idea being you would have helped your members, so their costs would be lower. But in fact, our costs were only $120 million lower than pricing. So that differential really speaks to where the miss comes in the Marketplace.
John C. Molina, JD: That's a great question, Sarah. I would say that we are progressing along the plane that we wanted to for the higher acuity members. We did have a bit of a hiccup, for example, in Washington, when we rolled out the integrated program down in Southwest Washington. I think the state and the state's actuaries realized that they mispriced that business somewhat, and we've been working with them to correct that. But the medical management efforts that Dr. Wilson and his team have put in place have really stabilized utilization, brought it down, and we do think that we're making good progress.
Joseph W. White: Hi. It's Joe speaking. To your first question, that $35 million variance from pricing is a combination of things. It's lower admin costs than we anticipated plus a little bit more revenue around some other aspects of the program, in total, it added up to about $35 million. Regarding the individual state performance, we don't normally give that, but I can speak to Texas particularly as being a state where we're doing relatively well on the Marketplace program. We feel really good about Texas. Florida is hanging in there. California hanging in there. So there's three states.
Joseph W. White: Oh, no. It's just about the usual things, commissions, just allocation of admin costs, things like that.
Joseph W. White: Sarah, it's Joe speaking. What we were just tried to point out there is that, in those three states, where we have seen some margin pressure – Ohio, Illinois and Washington – we did receive some pretty decent rate increases effective January 1, 2017, which we'll go into more detail tomorrow. But I would just say that in today's state funding environment, you generally don't get 4% to 5% rate increases without there being some pressure on margins.
Joseph W. White: Well, Ana, it's Joe speaking. Two points I'd make about Medicaid expansion. First, as we spoke about in the first quarter, just we started this year with rates on Medicaid expansion coming down, which lowered margins. We also – if you recall, we had a Medicaid expansion rate cut in California mid-year. The additional item that's happened regarding expansion in the fourth quarter is our determination that we were going to have to take a charge of about $40 million, $45 million out-of-period related to an item in New Mexico involving contractual interpretations on our Medicaid expansion contract.
Joseph W. White: No. Again, as far as Medicaid expansion, the big dip really took place January 1 of 2016 when new rates rolled in.
Joseph W. White: Yeah. I think we're certainly seeing – we'll talk more about this tomorrow. We've actually seen a little bit of relief in Washington. I think our point would be our – as you would probably be that over time, as the Fed stops funding expansion so much that those margins are probably going to approach the TANF and ABD margins, which is why we're so pleased with the progress we have made this year in TANF and ABD.
Joseph W. White: Ana, I'm sorry. It's Joe. Just to be clear, I think from the terminology you're using, you would relate risk transfer to risk adjustment.
Joseph W. White: That's correct. Both of those items relate to unique issues specific to states, one being the New Mexico item I talked about, the second one being in the state of Illinois, where the state cut back on Medicaid rates and risk adjusted been back to the beginning of 2016. So it's not prior period development issue we think of it in terms of the claims liability. It's specific contractual revenue issues.
Joseph Mario Molina, MD: Hi. This is Mario. We're going to discuss that tomorrow during our outlook discussion. But I do think it is a positive step, but it's not going to solve the really big issue that we have which is risk transfer. It addresses a number of other things and we'll go over those tomorrow.
Joseph Mario Molina, MD: So, this is Mario. First of all, on the risk corridor issue, we do believe that we are owed the money, and our case is very similar to the one that was filed by Moda, so we do believe that we'll prevail in that. The biggest single problem we have, and we started saying this earlier in the year, is the risk corridor methodology. The fact that we are a plan that has relatively low premiums, relative to the state-wide average, really hurts us. And to give you an example, in California where we operate only in Southern California, the costs in Northern California are about 30% higher, so it drags up the statewide average and further magnifies the problems that we have. The basic problem that we have today and going forward is around risk transfer. I think the secondary problem is the Special Enrollment Period, and perhaps the new regulations will address that. But we need to continue to press for some relief on the risk transfer issue.
Joseph Mario Molina, MD: There are three Rs. So there's reinsurance, risk corridors and risk transfer. Right now, the first two have gone away, and the risk transfer remains. So, it's going to be a problem going forward, unless something is done, and that's what our advocacy efforts are focused on.
Joseph Mario Molina, MD: Hi, Tom. This is Mario. We do have an authorization for share repurchase from the board, but we're not planning to do a share repurchase at this time.
Joseph Mario Molina, MD: All right. Well, thank you very much for joining us today. And just a reminder that tomorrow we'll be discussing the outlook for 2017; that will be at the Parker Méridien at 12:30 PM. And, please, join us in person. If you can't, it will be webcast. We look forward to talk with you tomorrow.
