Mark Keim: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. This morning, I will discuss some additional details of our first quarter performance. I will then turn to the balance sheet and some thoughts on our 2022 guidance. Beginning with some detailed commentary of out our first quarter results, the total company net effective COVID reduced net income by $0.57 per share and added 50 basis points to the consolidated MCR. This result was largely consistent with our expectations. However, the impact varied by lines of business with minimal impact on Medicaid and larger impacts on marketplace and Medicare. In Medicaid our reported MCR was 88.1%, a strong result that was in-line with our long-term target. For the quarter the net effective COVID was a modest 10 basis point increase to our reported MCR as the high volume of inpatient stays and COVID related corridors we're largely offset by curtailment of utilization. In Medicare, our reported MCR was 86.5% better than our long-term target. During the quarter, the net effect of COVID increased our reported MCR by 190 basis points. This pressure was more than offset by favorable risk adjustment and product mix. In marketplace our reported MCR was 78.6%, this result was in line with our long-term target despite absorbing 270 basis points of net effect of COVID. Our reported MCR was also influenced by our strategy of focusing on silver products, which experienced less MCR seasonality than bronze products due to lower deductibles. Silver members, as a percent of our book increased from approximately 50% in the first quarter of 2021 to 75% in the first quarter of 2022. Additionally renewal members now comprised two-thirds of our membership, up from one-third last year. These factors combined with a more limited SEP in 2022 give us continued confidence in restoring margins to our mid-single digit target in 2022. Our adjusted G&A ratio for the quarter was 7.1%, reflecting increased temporary of labor costs due to industry-wide hiring challenges and some one-time items. We expect our full year 2022 G&A ratio to be consistent with our long-term target. Turning now to our balance sheet: Our capital foundation remained strong. We harvested $115 million of some bestiary dividends in the quarter and our quarter-end parent company cash balance was $250 million. Debt at the end of the quarter was 2.1 times trailing 12-month EBITDA. Our debt-to-cap ratio is 46.3%. However, on a net debt basis, net of parent company cash, these ratios fall to 1.8 times and 43.5% respectively. These metrics reflect a conservative leverage position and ample cash capacity for additional growth and investment. Turning to reserves: Our reserve approach remains consistent with prior quarters and we continue to be confident in our reserve position. Days and claims payable at the end of the quarter was flat sequentially at 51 days of medical cost expense. Finally, a few comments on guidance. We have increased our 2022 adjusted earnings guidance to no less than $17.10 per share. We continue to project slightly more than half of the year's earnings in the first two quarters. In addition, we have increased our view of embedded earnings by $0.25 to $2.75 per share. The increase is driven by the higher net effect of COVID we are now expecting this year, partly offset by moderately higher impact from redetermination that we expect next year stemming from the extension of the public health emergency. As a reminder, this embedded earnings power does not represent 2023 guidance, but rather an accounting of drivers that are temporarily suppressing our earnings profile, and our current projection of the impact of Medicaid redeterminations post 2022. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Mark Keim: Yes. And just to build on Joe's comments, clearly in Q1 we saw higher net effective COVID as a percentage or in the MCR in Medicare and marketplace. As Joe mentioned the increase of $0.50 across the rest of the year really about some certainties and some conservativism about the outlook for the cost of COVID in-patient in the related curtailment. Where that might manifest? We've typically seen a little more in Medicare and marketplace, but it can move around among the lines of business but I think that's a pretty good overview of our outlook.
Mark Keim: That's right, Justin. So as Joe mentioned, guidance is smack in the middle of the range, 3.3% is in the middle of the range of 3% to 3.7%, so next year that's $2.75 is certainly upside. The flip side as we grow our business, we stack on M&A, we add new procurements. Those tend to come in a little lower in margin in the early years, and you've always got the impact of organic. So what we always say is it's certainly not guidance. It's just an accounting of some of the things that are depressing earnings this year. There'll be other things to add in next year, but it's certainly a good tailwind into 2023.
Mark Keim: Joe, I think you hit the key points there. The only thing Michael that you also asked about is just the timing of them coming over from redetermination to marketplace, that'll vary. In certain places we have really good operations to proactively reach out to people, help them with their redetermination and to the extent they lose Medicaid eligibility, immediately get them signed up in marketplace. In other cases, members may fall off and after a month or two come back on. So I think state-by-state as the rules slightly vary exactly how those transitions work will vary as well, but I think you've hit the big points.
Mark Keim: Scott, your question is well placed though with many players not having a great experience with SEP, how will they price going is a really good question. As Joe mentioned, we will clearly prioritize our target margins over volume. As Joe said, revenue will flex up, flex down accordingly. But what I like about our strategy is we're in 14 states and I can't predict who is going to price how in any one of those states. We'll put our best pricing out at our target margins. And with the diversification of 14 states, I can't predict any one of them, but across those states we'll be well positioned in some maybe less competitive in others. But we should have a pretty good portfolio outcome at the target margins we're shooting for.
Mark Keim: Great. As Joe mentioned since the start of the pandemic, we've organically grown about 25%. If we're going to keep to that, that's about 12%. And if you look at the four or five years that that whole cycle takes, that's growth rate of 2%, 3% a year which is probably organically what Medicaid might have grown at anyway. So, arguably you are right back to where you were if there hadn't been a pandemic. Now, when we look bottoms up and we look at any given state where those members came from, that are in our increased roles, a good component of it is what's sometimes referred to as the woodwork effect, the people that were previously uncovered, but because of the pandemic realized it's a great time to come into the Medicaid pool and get covered, they're certainly going to stay with us. Every time we see a crisis like this the roles of Medicaid move up and never quite go back to where they were. So, at a bare minimum, that woodwork effect will account for some of the increase. And again, over the four to five years, arguably you might be where you were without a pandemic coming out of it, just on normal growth rates.
Joe Zubretsky: Hi Ben, this is Joe. The marketplace business is now perfectly positioned to achieve our mid-single digit pre-tax margin target for the year. I will tell you it's very difficult to make comparisons year-over-year given the substantial mix shift that we orchestrated from 2021 to 2022. So some data points are 78.6% MCR in the quarter was burdened by 270 basis points of COVID – so on our ex-COVID basis is closer to 76 that will light grow for seasonality during the year modestly. And we believe we'll achieve in the middle of our long-term target range at 79% for the full year. We're confident in that, as Marc said in the prepared remarks because of the mix of renewal membership versus new membership, which is now two-third renewal, one-third new. The mix of silver versus bronze, which is now 75/15 and last year it was 55/45 and the fact that the SEP period last year took all comers. There were no income cutoffs and this year we believe the eligible population for SEP has been basically reduced by half due to the limitation on income to 150% of FPL. So year-over-year comparisons are very, very difficult given the dramatic orchestrated shift in the book. The business is now very, very well positioned to achieve our mid annual digit pretax margin for the full year.
Joe Zubretsky: Hi, Steven, it's Joe, and then I'll kick it to Mark for some additional color. The net effect of COVID was slightly higher than our expectations in the quarter. I remind everyone that we calculate or estimate the net effect of COVID as being the direct inpatient cost of COVID related care offset by an estimate of what we believe to be utilization curtailment due to the pandemic. And furthermore the effect of our outperformance in the states that continued to carry the COVID related corridors forward. That's how we calculate the impact. For the most part in the recent past we've seen the direct cost of COVID related care, which were very significant in the quarter. It surged in January and was significantly reduced in both February and March, pretty much offset by curtailment, not totally but pretty much. And then of course our outperformance, which we continue to enjoy in the states that have carried for the corridors, continues to be captured by the corridors. So it was a little higher than expected and the reason we increased our estimate for the full year is you're never completely comfortable that curtailment will always be a direct offset to COVID related care. And to the extent it doesn't, we wanted to be conservative with our outlook for the year.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. Justin, its Joe, and then I'll turn to Mark for some color. But we are operating in the first quarter given the seasonality of the business, at the high end of our margin range we produced an after tax margin of 3.7% on a pretax margin of 4.9%. For the year, as I just suggested with the MCR seasonality commentary that that will moderate to where we estimate in our full year guidance of pretax margin of approximately 4.4% and 3.3% after tax in the middle of the range. So yes, if you then take embedded earnings purely without any other puts and takes for future forecasting and guidance; it would bring you higher in the range, which is entirely possible. But as you suggest our embedded earnings guidance is not a forecast. Our embedded earnings estimate is not a forecast and is not guidance. And yes, it could move us the top end of the range or act as a buffer against other things that we need to forecast in the future.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure, Nathan. The first thing I would say is when I say it subsided during the quarter, it did so dramatically. Our COVID direct cost of care in January were the highest since the beginning of the pandemic. In February those costs were cut to one-third of the January actual and in March cut yet another one-third in March off of February, a dramatic decline. But the BAQ was out there and while the infection rate is high, the severity and the treatment protocols are actually quite light. However, we never know whether it's going to resurge and we wanted to be as you suggested cautious with our outlook for COVID, particularly because in the recent past utilization curtailment has nearly offset the entire direct cost of cover related care. We never have full assurance that that will continue. Our second point, on what we call core medical cost trend, just the routine of cranking up our medical economics engine and truly understanding all the different dimensions of medical costs. We saw nothing in the quarter that surprised us or was unusual. All the things that you've read about and are being reported on where orthopedic procedures coming back with joint replacements, the ambulatory and outpatient settings are back in business, and we're seeing an uptick, but nothing unusual. We see spikes in pharmacy costs here and there; as some of our state single preferred drug lists sometimes promote the use of branded drugs. So nothing unusual and nothing surprising. It's the normal many inflection points here and there, but we wanted to remain cautious. We are hopefully on the tail end of the pandemic and we usually are cautious in our medical cost forecasting and want to see Q2 results before we put a better fine tune estimate on it.
Joe Zubretsky: AJ it's Joe. Just at a very, very high level we believe that the impact to Molina's marketplace business will more or less reflect what happens nationally. So, if there's 14 plus million members in marketplace today across the industry, estimates have the enhanced subsidies causing an attrition of slightly more than, but just about three million members back down to 11. I also would remind you that there is this family glitch fix that will move the other way. Estimates say that there's five million families in the United States that might at least be eligible. Our view is probably only 20% of that will actually come back into the product. So, fourteen minus three, plus one, maybe it's a $12 million membership portfolio nationally. And we believe our – we have no reason to believe that our membership will react any differently than that. Look, it's an important product in the portfolio because we consider it to be an adjunct of Medicaid, not only operationally, but strategically. And I think when these members redetermined this year, it's going to be the proof point that if we can warm transfer them into a marketplace product and enjoy their membership for another year or two, then it's position in the portfolio is validated. We like it at 7% of revenue at $2 billion. Maybe that flex is up and down here with these two, industry phenomenon you described. But our goal is to maintain this business at mid-single digit margins. And we will let the revenue flex up and down with the goal of hitting mid-single digit pretax margins.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure Scott, and then I'll kick it to Mark for color. But as [indiscernible] repeating the strategy is this is an adjunct to Medicaid. It leverages the Medicaid network. And it's a residual market for people that are no longer eligible for Medicaid, but still need subsidies to afford healthcare. We follow our Medicaid foot. So, the strategy is very, very well understood here at the company. And the financial profile again, bears repeating. We will allow revenue to flex up and down, whether it's trend related, whether it's new CMS rules related or whether it's competitive forces, we will let revenue flex up and down with the goal of maintaining this business at mid-single-digit margins, given that the financial complexity of it is, it's more complex than the other products we have in the portfolio.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. Stephen I'll make some preliminary [ph] comments and then kick it to Mark. One of the things we like to remind people when they look at our 50% retention assumption, our membership organically grew approximately 25% since the beginning of the pandemic. If we say we're going to keep half of it that implies a growth rate net of attrition of about 12%. I think what a lot of us forget is that during the period of time if the pandemic never happened, the Medicaid roles will have grown or would have grown anyway, just due the natural growth in the population of the U.S., particularly at the end of the economy, the low wage service end of the economy. So, in our view, the amount of membership we're going to retain from the organic growth during the pandemic is not that much more greater than the natural growth that the industry would have experienced since beginning of the pandemic. Now I'll kick it to Mark about how we went state by state, and really try to drill down and understand the microeconomic effects in each state in order to arrive at our estimate.
Joe Zubretsky: And Steven, I also point to even though the unemployment rate national averages really don't mean a whole lot you have to actually look state by state and look at the low wage service economy. That's been ravaged by the economic distress that we're experiencing here in the U.S. That combined with the reservation wage, the wage at which people want to go back to work has increased dramatically. And of course, the great resignation with people just hesitant to go back to work due to other factors. So, the environment in this population certainly suggests that post-pandemic the Medicaid roles will be higher than they were pre-pandemic.
Joe Zubretsky: Sure. Yes, I'll answer the second part first, because it bears repeating. Clearly, it's been harder to keep our capacity filled and this is industry wide hiring has been very, very difficult. And people are feeling the inflation pressures. And we noted some additional contract labor costs and some additional overtime costs in the first quarter. And people are feeling the stress of the pandemic. We feel that we've been very fair with our population and given them adequate merit increases to key pace with inflation. But we continue to monitor it. Right now, we see no unusual trend or outlook for our labor costs internally. Our biggest challenge is keeping the seats filled and making sure that we never disappoint a customer because we lack the capacity to service the volume. On the medical cost side, we're not seeing it. Now bear in mind the basis, the chassis for our reimbursement is the Medicaid fee schedule. And we're not seeing any dramatic shifts in the Medicaid fee schedules coming out from states. Now, you’ll also negotiate individually a percentage of that Medicaid fee schedule with the individual providers, whether they are physician groups or hospitals. And we're seeing no additional pressure there either. I will tell you that we are comfortable that if we do start to see the inflationary pressures, the real question is, does the rating process keep pace with that? And we believe the answer is yes. States are very much in tune with the trends in medical cost and as are their actuaries. And if we start to see inflationary pressures, the real question is will rates respond? And we believe the answer is yes, they will.
Joe Zubretsky: Well, Josh, our Medicare business is growing nicely. And of course, the margins don't get any better than this. It's a low income, high acuity strategy, MMP anti-SNP and in our MAPD launch, we clearly end the aim, the MAPD product at low-income individual. So, it's a low-income, high-acuity strategy. We grew 6,000 in a quarter up to 148. Some of came in through the Cigna acquisition and the MAPD launch was very, very successful. We have three distribution channels. We have an external broker channel, independent broker channel, captive agent channel and a tele-sales channel. And they are all really working hard to and have increased their productivity here over the last year under new leadership that we have in our distribution channel strategy. So, it's growing very nicely. I mean, the yields are in line with our expectation. Look at the margins in the business at an 85.6% or 86.5% MCR for the quarter and an outlook to be at the bottom end of our long-term target range. And the rate increase that we're getting for next year. We believe our product is competitive, it has all the ancillary services that we allow it to be competitive. Our star ratings are good enough that we can maintain these margins. And we're very, very bullish on the growth prospects of this business over time. We plan to grow it to 158,000 to the end of the year, which would be 10,000 growth just inside of the year.
