John Molina: Thank you, Mario. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.38 and as Mario mentioned earlier, up 41% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $17 million or 65% over last year. I am pleased to say that this is the highest net income we've ever reported for a second quarter. In addition, the $34.8 million we report for the first 6 months is the highest net income we have ever reported for the first half of the year. EBITDA was up 37% over the same quarter last year. Operating revenue for the quarter was $1.2 billion, up $168 million, or approximately 17%, from the second quarter of 2010.  Our health plans currently serve 1.6 million members. Our total enrollment grew by 147,000 members, or 10%, over the second quarter of 2010. That includes the addition of the Wisconsin plan, as well as the new CHIP and ABD contracts in the state of Texas. Medicare enrollment exceeded 26,000 members, up 29% from the same quarter last year. As Mario discussed, organic growth in our legacy states appears to be moderating. Premium revenue grew 16% in the second quarter of 2011, compared to the same period last year, due to membership and PMPM revenue increases of approximately 10% and 5%, respectively. Medicare premium revenue was $96 million for the first 3 months -- or for the 3-months ended June 30, 2011, compared with $68 million for the 3-months ended June 30, 2010.  As we discussed in January, the rate environment remains difficult. Premium rate changes for the second half of the year are as follows: In Missouri, we received a blended increase of approximately 5%, effective July 1, 2011. In New Mexico, we received a blended reduction of approximately 2.5% effective July 1, 2011. In Utah, we received a blended reduction of approximately 2% effective July 1, 2011. In addition, Texas and California have single rate reductions. The rates have yet to be finalized. In light of this challenging rate environment, it is essential that we aggressively manage our medical costs. Our medical care ratio declined by 190 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to lower utilization. Fee-for-service costs increased approximately 6% PMPM, partially due to the transition of members from capitated provided networks in the fee-for-service networks. Fee-for-service and capitation costs combined increased less than 2% PMPM.  General & administrative expenses for the quarter were $97 million or 8.3% of total revenue, compared with $78 million or 7.8% of total revenue for the same quarter last year. As Mario discussed, we must strike a balance between our traditional practice of tight administrative cost control and the need to prepare for substantial growth and enrollment over the coming few years. Cash flow provided by operating activities was $115 million for the first half 2011, compared with $26 million for the first half of 2010. The company had cash and investments of $885 million and the parent company had cash and investments of $50 million.  Finally, we are increasing our EPS guidance for all of 2011, from a split-adjusted $1.47 to $1.55. Strong performance by our established health plans and fiscal agents, the realization of utilization improvements earlier in the year than we had anticipated, and our expectation that results for our Idaho fiscal agent contract will improve in the second half of 2011, are the primary reasons for this increased guidance. We expect these positive factors to be partially offset by premium rate reductions in some of our health plans and continuing cost challenges in Texas and Florida. We look forward to seeing you in September at our Fall Investor Day. That concludes our prepared remarks. We're now ready to take questions.
John Molina: Oh, boy. Chris, I hate -- you know I always hate to point to one thing or the other that magnifies it. When we look at the back half of the year, when I looked at what we had projected in January, which ones of those trends were coming in, in line or ahead so medical utilization was more favorable. I think if you go back to what we projected for MCR for the entire year, it was around 84.2%, 84.3%, somewhere in that neighborhood and we're already there. But we are looking at some pretty healthy -- we are looking at some changes to the downside in terms of rates in places like New Mexico, Utah and as I said, California and Texas have signaled downward.
John Molina: A lot of it is on Wisconsin, Josh, it's John. It depends on how Wisconsin actually performs in the back half of the year. If the performance for one reason rather improves then we might be able to reduce the liability we put in for the premium deficiency reserve. But at this point, we haven't put in anything more guidance on Wisconsin.
John Molina: Well, Josh, we talked about the Texas RFP, I think, in January. Obviously, Texas is a state that we put a lot of effort into, getting into it a number of years ago. And we've had some success in getting contracts for the rural CHIP and for the STAR+PLUS. So we are doing our best in Texas. Texas is not much different, I think, than Ohio was several years ago or than California was. We go through some challenges, we focus in on what needs to be fixed and we fix it, and look at Ohio now. Couple or 3 years ago, it looked pretty bleak. So we continue to invest in both our network, refining our network, medical management and fine-tuning the service so that we can achieve and maintain our NCQA accreditation because ultimately it's taking care of the patients that's the most important thing for us.
John Molina: No, essentially break-even as we project it now. Break-even through the termination of the initial contract.
John Molina: Ohio has not typically done a price bid in the previous RFPs that we've looked at, so we certainly will be going to a rate discussion with the state for an effective date of January 1. We are also anticipating the carve-in of the pharmacy benefit back in later this year. So those things will have some impacts that we really can't quantify at the moment.
John Molina: Sarah, this is John. I think there's a couple of factors there. One, we did terminate some capitated contracts and moved them to fee-for-service so you would see an increase in physician and outpatient services. And then also with the increase in membership in Dallas for the STAR+PLUS, there's an lot of outpatient services. The personal care services that Terry talked about earlier would be classified as outpatient services. I think those are the 2 primary things. We're not really seeing across-the-board rate increases in physician unit cost.
John Molina: Vermont had an RFP and they decided to pull it and are re-examining the direction they want to go. Arkansas, I think, is still in drafting if I'm not mistaken.
John Molina: Charles, first of all let me compliment you on your memory. That's pretty good because that was about 3 Investor Days ago we did that chart. I think that our expectation is that Dallas will follow the same pattern. I think where it's different in Dallas is that the initial spike is higher than we are used to seeing and that surprises a bit. But we're confident that as it follows the same pattern and we put in things like prior authorization for certain services as the cognitive care requirements come away and as we renegotiate contracts especially with the myriad of home care providers and sort of narrow the network down that we'll get some traction on the medical cost side.
John Molina: And let me add one more thing and, not to beat a dead horse, but the Dallas contract is unique in that inpatient is carved out, behavioral health is carved out and pharmacy is carved out. That presents 2 challenges. One, it presents a challenge for folks to have to manage that to make sure that we're providing the right services and not providing services that the state has carved out and carved out really for the right sides. So it's also a challenge for the state to make sure that they've nailed the right side adequately.
John Molina: I would say that that's a fair statement from about 50,000 feet. But then I'd also encourage you to come talk to us in September when we have our Investor Day because I would imagine that this would be one of the primary topics we'll talk about.
John Molina: Scott, I'm not aware of what Amerigroup was or wasn't doing in Dallas. So I can't comment on that. What we're seeing is, we are seeing some pent-up demand. We're seeing -- I think that one of the concerns was when folks found out about managed care and greater access to services, they utilized them. So whether that's ER or some of your primary care services or personal attendant services, we are seeing an increase in utilization for services.
John Molina: Part of it is the fact that it was fee-for-service before and other areas went to a more mature managed care market. Part of it is a different benefit pattern. I think in Houston, we have behavioral health carved in. So there are differences a lot in the contracts. That's why one of the nice things about the RFP is that it's going to be more uniform across the state in terms of the benefits that are carved in and carved out, and our responsibility will increase for things like inpatient and pharmacy.
John Molina: Because those were pretty big groups where we changed the contractual relationships. It happens to a lesser degree in other states, but Washington and Michigan had some pretty big groups that we did at transition.
John Molina: That was the case in Michigan. I believe in Washington, it was just the economics didn't work out for us to continue the capitation contracts with those groups.
John Molina: I think that those are 2 distinct issues. We know one and we don't know the impact. Or we've gotten information on one but not of the other. So that's why didn't explicitly say this is what California is doing to the rates.
John Molina: We need to see what happens with the rates for all of Florida and specifically for Broward County before we make decisions and want to call out that we may or may not exit the county.
John Molina: And Broward has been a challenging county. I think there are a couple of other health plans that exited in the last 12 months or so.
John Molina: No, we don't go down to that level of detail. We go to a lot of detail, but MLR by county is getting a little too granular.
John Molina: We're not suggesting anything right now. Broward is an issue. There are other issues in Florida that we're getting addressed. Some of these things that we're addressing are within our control, and some of them, like the rates are not completely in our control. So we are just going to work through the rate process and see what happens. Again, we'll update you when we have more information.
Joseph Molina: Hi, this is Mario. We have seen some decreases in utilization, which we're pleased with in Florida. We still think there's a rate problem specially in Broward County. So, we are looking to see what the state does to address those issues. We'll continue to work on lowering our cost as best as we can. But I think part of the Florida story depends on what they do with the premium rates.
Joseph Molina: This is Mario. I think it's a combination of a sort of a secular trend. I think everyone is seeing decreases in utilization. I think we've also been working to improve our medical management to be sure that we are having the right people in the hospital at the right time and eliminate overutilization. So it's a maturation of some of our medical management as well. But I think it's a combination of those 2.
Joseph Molina: Well, the whole thing is really very much up in the air. I think there are things that could be done, like the acceleration of the movement of the Duals into managed care, that can really help with this deficit issue, at the same time providing the same or frankly better levels of care for the beneficiaries at a lower cost. One of the things we see with the Duals is that frequently, when they get into managed care, they have somebody to help them. And it's really interesting some of the calls we've gotten on our member services line, people saying things like, "I've never really had anyone help me before." So I think that is something that could be a win for the patients and a win for the budget. Beyond that, I don't really want to speculate as to what Congress is going to do.
Joseph Molina: Well, what I would say on that is that we've had ABD members on a voluntary basis in California for some time. We have contracts and networks put together. So it's a little bit different scenario than what you have in Texas where you rolled a lot of people into a new system. As far as we can tell right now, the utilization in California appears to be consistent with previous experience. As far as the estimates of the enrollment, we gave an estimate at the Investor Day and I think we're going to stick with that. That was about 12,000 members.
Joseph Molina: This is Mario again. I don't want to get into specifics, but I think that generally speaking, what we have seen is a flattening out of the enrollment, and this reflects a modest improvement in the economy. At the same time, the requirement for maintenance of effort is also helping to maintain the current levels. I don't anticipate big changes either upward or downward over the next couple of quarters unless we were to take market share but I mean it's -- I think that the Medicaid population has stabilized and growth will moderate over the next few quarters.
Joseph Molina: Charles, that's a really good question. I think that there's a certain amount of pent-up demand in Texas that we're seeing with the move of the STAR+PLUS patients into managed care. I think that there is a certain maturation that has to go on of that health plan in terms of gearing up their management systems. I think we're a little bit behind the curve there. And it will take in the order of a few quarters I would imagine. I can't give you an exact answer. It's going to be what it turns out to be. It's certainly getting a lot of attention and somebody mentioned about the resources. I think that we're putting a lot of resources into Texas right now. And part of that is not only to deal with the STAR+PLUS utilization that we're seeing in Dallas but also to build in preparation for the contracts that will come with the next RFPs. So there's some infrastructure building going on there as well.
Joseph Molina: This is Mario. I think there are a lot of parallels with what we saw in Ohio. Small health plans struggling with some growing pains. As the membership grows, we'll be in a better position to go back to some of the providers and get better contracts. I think that the medical management staff will mature over time. I also think it's an interesting contract with California because in California, you have mandatory enrollment of the ABD patients but we've already had voluntary enrollment. So there are some patients that have already enrolled on a voluntary basis and we have experience with them. We also have a much larger contracting base in California just because we've been here for a long time and have lot of members. So that's why I think California is a little bit different than what we're seeing in Texas.
Joseph Molina: Well, normally-- well I should not say normally, the rate year for Ohio is a January to December rate year. It follows the calendar year. When we get the responsibility for pharmacy back in, and I believe it's October, there will be an adjustment for that benefit. When the states are setting the rates, individual health plan performance is a factor but it is not the only factor because there are other plans in Ohio that may be doing as well, better or worse than we are. So they've got to set a rate that's sort of across-the-board. I don't know what -- if Ohio has a targeted loss ratio or not.
Joseph Molina: Well, We always disclose prior period reserve development from 12/31 of preceding year and it's consistent with what we've seen in other years. 3/31 is a little bit immature right now to talk about.
Joseph Molina: And I think it's fair to say that the utilization patterns we're seeing in Dallas are different than what we are seeing in other parts of the state.
Joseph Molina: I mean, those are the factual things we can tell you. As far as what Amerigroup did, you can ask them when they have their call.
Joseph Molina: This is Mario. Let me just also comment on that. When you look at the premium rates by county in Florida, they vary tremendously. And one of the things we're hoping the state will do is to come up with a little bit more uniform rates and spread the money around across all the counties. But having said that, we will give serious consideration to exiting Broward County if we can't get adequate rates. I mean, that's just the way it is. We've done that in the past in other states, in other areas. We're not afraid to leave a county if we have to. We will give it a good try. We'll work with the state and present our arguments as to why the rates need to be adjusted. But in the end, if the premium rates are just not adequate, we can't stay.
Terry Bayer: This is Terry. Yes. The fact that we've been able to exit pilot and we're a year or so post-go live much of the stabilization the system is underway, so we'll be looking forward to getting to more predictable operating levels going forward.
Terry Bayer: This is Terry. Let's also keep in mind that putting the ABDs in managed care in the Dallas-Fort Worth area was a first-time event for many of those folks, so this is an educational process. There are continuity of care requirements in the initial period of the contract where you are really not permitted by the state contract to make many changes. So as we do in all of the other markets, we're approaching our cost in 2 ways. One, is to improve our unit costs. Now that we're bigger, and we have some sense of what our enrollment is, we're in a position to negotiate better unit costs with our providers and that would include the home care providers, as well as others providing service and secondarily the utilization. So we are going full force to monitor the services that are authorized and ensure that they're in compliance with state regulation. And most of you know, this area has potential for abuse and we're committed to making sure that folks get the services they need and that are allowed under the state agreement.
Terry Bayer: I'll tell you a little bit more about it. It's the personal care services arrangements by which folks who are in their homes instead of institutionalized are receiving more than what you might think of as traditional home care but any -- an array of services in the home.
Terry Bayer: It's not always 24/7, it will depend on what the members' needs are. It might be need for assistance in daily living, support services during the day.
Joseph White: It's Joe speaking. Obviously, when we gave guidance back in January, we knew there were going to be challenges in Wisconsin and there was an increment built into that point for the Utah settlement. We were anticipating that.
Joseph White: Josh, it's Joe speaking. A couple of points. The exit from pilot is a milestone that's unique to the contract. And yes, the exit from pilot will trigger a milestone payment from the state to us. As far as the contract being break-even or not, essentially, after the adjustment we made at June 30, the contract is break-even going forward through the termination of its initial term. Obviously, after the initial term we expect it, like all of our MMIS contracts as they mature, to be considerably more profitable.
Joseph White: Hi, it's Joe speaking. I think if you will look at the second half of the year standalone, you might look to 10% to 12%.
Joseph White: Yes. We developed our claims reserves essentially just based on what our actuaries develop and obviously reviewed by the actuary team of our independent auditors. I don't know that there is a specific intent to change completion factors. It is just more or less what falls out of the analysis. Obviously, days in claims payable is down, but I would also point out that our run out from 12/31/10 is again very consistent year-over-year.
Joseph White: Brian, it's Joe speaking again. Let me talk a little bit about that. A couple of points to bear in mind. First of all, even if we were to lose that contract, we're going to continue to serve the state while the new system is developed for several years. So we have -- when we lost the contracts, we did undertake a potential impairment analysis and that analysis as of today indicates that even if we were to lose that contract, we would not have any goodwill impairment of the MMIS goodwill.
Joseph White: Carl, I wouldn't say that that's 100% accurate. I mean, what the state of Utah wants to do is they want to put more members into risk environments. We are, right now, the only plan that's fully at risk in Utah. The other 2 plans that take care of Medicaid beneficiaries are not at risk. So it's really -- and they're provider-based systems. So the whole notion of accountable care organizations really is to draw those folks into a greater risk contract arrangement.
