Joseph Zubretsky: Well, Joshua, on the revenue bridge, very clearly Florida and New Mexico were a major component of the decline at $2.2 billion. We also note that if you're looking at total revenue, you always have to adjust where they have of $400 million. And yes, the service businesses that we divested in 2018, NMS and Pathways have $400 million in revenue, which effectively disappears in 2019 guidance. But we did pickup $900 million of organic growth, and you cited all the reasons, Mississippi, Illinois full year run-rate of increased membership calling back to $500 million in Florida certainly helped. Washington as we bested certain competitors in various of the regions, we will have increased Medicaid membership and the behavioral caravan. So all-in-all, $900 million of organic growth embedded and what was a disappointing year of contract losses certainly bode well for our revenue pickup in the future.
Joseph Zubretsky: The contract we just signed the outsourcing arrangement with Infosys related to our IT infrastructure, datacenters, user services et cetera. So, at the hardware. We think it as the hardware. It will result in rebadging certain employees to Infosys that will result in certain number of position eliminations. But we also have increased the effectiveness of the operation, better up times, better response times and just more effective operations. That agreement has already incepted. There is a 90 to 120-day transition period. So, the outsourcing will actually occur to about until about the middle of the year. And so, the savings in 2019 guidance is modest, but we'll ramp the full run-rate in 2020.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure Matt, while we're not giving a forecast for 2020 and beyond. We certainly believe there is more upside to our G&A ratio than downside risk. So you're right about the puts and takes in 2019 painful reminder of how the operating leverage works in this business this 306 cost of the loss contribution margin from the Mexico and Florida put 30 to 40 basis points pressure on that ratio, but more importantly we're investing $90 million to $100 million in lot of G&A to invest in medical cost improvements and other improvements to our core business. I believe in the future we will as we grow we'll get positive operating leverage we'll continue to invest in the business and of course you cited the mix effects that we're likely to get depending on how big the marketplace business in the future so we believe that the G&A ratio as we move for improvement going forward but we're not giving a forecast more room for upside and downside.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, Justin on the exchanges as we said in a public forum just about a month ago, we plan to grow this business. We actually think we can double with size and still have a proportional relationship between our exchange business in our Medicaid business in the states in which we do business. Obviously, that won't come in one year and the interesting thing about this business is as you know the prices are in relation to the competitors, so we've done a very exhaustive pricing elasticity study. We know where our prices are to ridge against the competition, we plan for 2020 to ease up on price we certainly are going to price to 50% pre-tax margins and 10% after-tax margins. But we believe we can grow the business have the MCR move up from the mid-60s to 70% maybe into the low 70s, maintain a high single-digit margin without ever tripping the minimum MOR. So, we're feeling really good about the growth prospects of this business and the ability to grow it, produce a high single-digit margin and have the pool of profits grow overtime.
Joseph Zubretsky: Right now, the early lead I can give you on growth for 2020 beyond would be in Medicaid and Medicare. In DSNP, we plan to file a Notice of Intent to play in 170 additional counties in DSNP alone, two states of which would-be brand-new Ohio and South Carolina. With respect to Medicaid there are $30 billion of opportunities coming into the market in our estimation over the next three years, way one Louisiana, Minnesota, Hawaii, Kentucky and possibly Pennsylvania, way two, Tennessee, West Virginia and Indiana. We have a newly developed business development team we vent our key team we're on the ground and many of these geographies are doing a feasibility study, the regulatory environment strength the competitors, our ability to build networks so we're actively at work working on the growth phase of this turnaround.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, I think Ana, I think the first thing I like to remind folks is that the cost structure that is built into the rating structures is the entire market. And so that, if you can create a cost structure, both your G&A profile and your medical costs profile, that is better than your competitors, you get the lifting rates from the market cost structure. And then you can operate at a more efficient structure and produce best-in-class margins. Now, whether it's sustainable, or now we have to prove that. But to your point about Medicaid, we broke through the 90% barrier on pure performance Medicaid for the year at 89.4. But I would remind everybody that ABD still at 91%, that's $5.5 billion of premium in 2018 alone. So, I do believe there are still is room for modest improvement and our Medicaid line, which obviously is a $13 billion line of business for us.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, I think, our market niche is very differentiated. We are servicing, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. the working poor 20% of our membership are fully subsidized, another 70% are partially subsidized. We get to leverage our Medicaid network not only the network itself, but the cost structure in the network to give us very, very competitive cost structure. So, look, for 2019. At this time last year, we were compelled nearly to put trend into the market on top of our 2018 rates. We didn't know at this time last year that 2018 would have turned into a 15% pre-tax year. So, we put trend into the market on top of what we're already very rich rates and we're paying for it on the membership line coming into 2019. That is not going to be the phenomenon in 2019 or 2020. We now know exactly where we sit with our membership. We know the acuity. The churn of members is very low. So, 80% of these members we haven't in prior years. So, we're feeling really good about the stability of our book of business, our ability to now put a more reasonable price point in the market to begin growing again.
Joseph Zubretsky: No, the discussion about the tax regime really enters into rate discussions. Just had most of discussions are around debates about different cost components how they are trending, and the rate take up or take out for benefit carve in and carve out, but very really if ever is there a discussion specifically about taxes.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, if you look at the $1.87 of earnings per share, we put in the guidance bridge. Just as pull that a part. It's about a $150 million pre-tax. That number is $250 million of gross profit improvements offset by $90 million to a $100 million of hard G&A cost to produce them. And the first thing I would say is we were very exact by including all of the cost to produce those benefits but very cautious in forecasting the benefits that will actually emerge in the P&L. So that $150 million of net profit improvement is $250 million of gross profit improvement offset by a $100 million of the hard cost to produce them. We still consider that conservative and that will build into the run rate that we'll project forward into 2020.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sarah, as we look at the margin guidance. So, let's to keep it simple, after-tax margin is probably the easier metric to look at, so we're not adjusting for all the puts and takes that hits some things like that. We are maintaining a 3.8% after-tax margin consolidated in an environment where revenues are declining by 10% and in environment where the 2018 margins included $137 million pre-tax were $1.55 of favorable development. So, the question of sustainability is an interesting one, but to maintain that level of margin in that environment particularly compared to 2018 we think is a really good solid forecast to project forward. 2.8% Medicaid, 5% in Medicare and still double digit in marketplace is a very attractive margin profile and really and, in this environment, we think that's a very good start to the year.
Joseph Zubretsky: We think high-twos for Medicaid is certainly sustainable. We think that a mid-single digit for Medicare is certainly sustainable. And as we described previously, we believe that as we grow our marketplace business the margin will drop from low double digit to high-single digit. Conscious effort to move the MCR up from the mid-60s to 70 or even low-70s not trip the minimum MLR and grow the profit pool rather than focusing just on the percentage margin.
Joseph Zubretsky: It's an analysis of the elasticity, the pricing elasticity of the product. And how much growth you think you can put on the books for the level of margin that you're willing to give up to do it. And it's market-by-market geography by geography. We know where our competitors fit, we certainly know their strategy for the metallic tiers. They know ours as well. but with our new marketplace management team, and now that we have a book of business that is 80% repeating, we think we have a very, very good visibility on our marketplace business to grow it at high-single digit rates and never trip the minimum MRR. So it's all the question of how fast we want to grow. It is a multi-year effort. You never like to grow any book of business too quickly. So, it's probably a multi-year effort.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, we're just now getting by the point where we've planned for 2019. We'll probably give the market by view of that at our Investor Day in May which will also give glimpse of the 2020 growth rate as well. So, if we could wait another month or so couple of months until May try to give you a forward look of how the profit improvement will emerge over the next couple of years and also how the top-line will grow in the next couple of years. But it's there, we certainly we put it out there for public disclosure so we certainly understand it, we have models that I don't want to say prove it but strongly suggested that it's real and tangible and actionable and they can offset a wide of rate erosion in the marketplace and also help sustain our margins.
Joseph Zubretsky: I think just to give us the next few months, we're in the middle of our three-year strategic planning process, which is culminating in mid-April shared with our Board in May and showing to marketplace in late May. So, you can just indulge us and wait to that point in time, we'll give you a good view of 2020 at that time.
Joseph Zubretsky: I wouldn't say there is anything unusual from a sense that our reserve methodology has been very consistently applied quarters-over-quarters. And so, we saw that development coming out and we have the same approach going through 2019. So, we're not predicting any favorable and unfavorable development, but certainly if you follow that methodology then you can draw your own conclusion. What we also see in the first quarter so far is that flu effect has been somewhat attain a low comparing to prior year so that certainly can be a positive sign for potentially a mind seasonal effect of a seasonal high medical cost that you see in winter.
Joseph Zubretsky: Medicare and Medicaid books are pretty evenly distributed from a seasonality perspective. Marketplace is generally backend loaded as to medical cost but last year in 2018, it wasn't. we think we had more chronic members that doesn't mean they were necessarily bad members, but they were just chronic members that were utilizing services throughout the year. So, I think this year you'll see a pretty even seasonality pattern, marketplace could be a little bit back loaded but Medicare and Medicaid could be pretty evenly distributed.
Joseph Zubretsky: It was for illustrative purposes. And to be very clear, we're not giving a specific outlook or forecast until our Investor Day in May. But it was really to make the point that if we were to return the business to its original size which was $4 billion. Knowing what we know about our pricing competitiveness, knowing what we know about administrative cost leverage, can we produce high-single digit margins and grow the business back with original state. So, it was less illustrative. We do believe it's doable over some period of time, and how that manifests itself in our ongoing forecast will be showcased at our Investor Day in May.
Joseph Zubretsky: So, any front I'd always welcome an opportunity to look for a bolt-on membership opportunity and a current state where we get some good operating leverage. But no, not spending capital on EBITDA multiples for capability place.
Thomas Tran: Well Scott, we don't really like to talk about rates and the strength of rates in individual markets. But I would tell you that it's marginal across all markets, 20 basis points here, 50 basis points there. You're always having debates about trend components. How is pharmacy trending? Sometimes when benefits are carved-in and carved-out. How much premium is a state taking away on a carved-out benefit and how much premium are they putting on our carved-in benefit. So. I would just say all-in-all these are the normal puts and takes of the rating environment. And right now, at about 100 basis points of negative spread this year, it's very stable and very rational and will always have profit improvement initiatives, always have an inventory of profit improve initiatives of 150 to 200 basis points of premium. That is the way you need to run this business. To make sure that in a year where we're presented with a negative spread, we can offset it and keep our margins whole.
Thomas Tran: Sure. We were fully expecting Ohio to reprocure, to drop an RFP perhaps late in 2019, for an effective date in 2020. So, we're fully prepared for that. The new administration, always when near to change administration, you never know what the new plan would be. The new administration in Ohio does seem to be prepared for reprocuring the Medicaid program. So, we're fully prepared to deal with that and given the scope of our business, our market share, in the way we perform, we're extremely confident of prevailing and perhaps even growing in that reprocurement. With respect to PBM and pharmacy, yeah Ohio has been particularly scrutinizing the pharmacy industry. Look, the pharmacy trends where they are, they are putting pressure on cost and everybody knows that. I would say this, we have enough flexibility in our contract with CBS care mark that if whatever Ohio decides they want for a pharmacy benefit carved in, carved out, separate PBM, carved in PBM, we would be able to deal with it and put a proposal that would satisfy their requirements both in medical and for PBM.
Thomas Tran: David, this is Tom. We're not going to disclose specific cost saving with the Infosys contract, but it will be fair to say that it's quite significant compare to our current base of operating - our current base of expenses. And that it's really a multi-year contract, so you should expect to see that to be lasting over a number of years. And it is embedded in the $550 million of saving that we have put out at the last JPM conference.
Thomas Tran: We disclosed that in a table in our earnings release the amortization and intangible for 2018. For 2019 you're right it's going to be lower and we estimate it to be in our neighborhood of about $0.20 EPS.
Thomas Tran: Yeah. So Florida, I would say the Medicaid contract that we have lost in certain region. The space started transition in the fourth quarter late fourth quarter. So, when you look at membership that we disclosed in the table in the earnings release, you would see that 10-F membership declined quarter-over-quarter. And the big chunk of that is really from the Florida market decline as membership transitioned to duration that we will exit. From a view point of impact on a change, the two really doesn't have that much effect, there is not really related. In fact, we do see membership growth for the hit's membership in the State of Florida.
Thomas Tran: The larger membership we have in that, if the exchange is really in the State of Texas. So, we do see decline in State of Texas from 2018 into 2019. So, the fluctuation in many different spaces some gains some loss, but certainly Texas has a major impact on the decline from 2018 into 2019.
Thomas Tran: We're not going to go into specifics dates by state here. But Michael and I mentioned before is that Texas which were roughly about 55% to 60% of our membership in 2018. We did see decline there, so that's where really the main driver of the membership decline from 2018 into 2019. As you know we have reentered into some new space, the former states that we exited Utah and Wisconsin. We did see some level of membership there. Nothing significant, but the remaining market there are fluctuations up and down. Some we gain, some we lose. I mentioned in fourth quarter we gained some membership. Some market we fairly stable for example state of California fairly stable. So overall, there is a decline definitely from 360 at the end of 2018 into January right now, we are somewhere around 325 to 330.
Thomas Tran: Justin, the $70 million increase in investment and other revenue is due to two things. One is that higher investment income, I would say that roughly about 40% of that change and the rest is really the full year effect of the ASO fee for the pharmacy benefit or carve out in a state of Washington whereby work pay when they saw see the manage that program for the state. So, the last year it was only a half year and 2019 is really a full year. So, hope that clarifies the change there.
