Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. We think it's a little too early to start commenting on the opt-out rates. Remember, that these patients have the ability to opt out any time throughout the course of the program. And for our guidance, we assumed a 50% opt-out rate.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, this is Mario again. I think that we will see more exposure going forward. I think Gilead reported that only 7% of the sales in the first quarter were from Medicaid, although they didn't break out how much of the sales on the HMO side were to Medicaid patients covered by health plans. But I do think we will see this grow as the year unfolds. At the same token, when we first started talking about this at the beginning of the year, most states didn't recognize the problem. I think now it's widely recognized by state Medicaid directors that this is an issue, and I think there's growing acknowledgment by state Medicaid programs that the rates that we initially received did not include the cost of this new drug. So the story is evolving, and I think that perhaps next quarter, we'll be able to tell you a little bit more about utilization, but also a little bit more about what the state Medicaid programs are doing to appropriately reimburse us for costs.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes. Actually, the demographics are very similar to what we expected when we made our projections, so we're pleased about that. A little over half of them are coming on in the Silver plan. 91% of them are receiving some sort of government subsidy, so it's all very consistent with what we expected. In terms of the medical costs, I think it's probably still too early to say, but the pharmacy costs seem to be tracking within expectations.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, we're not going to break out the number of prescriptions or utilizing patients. We typically don't get into that kind of granular detail on our medical costs, so we're not going to do it here either. I don't believe that it was built into our guidance, because, we, frankly, did not anticipate this based on the rates that we were given from the state. So we see this as something outside of guidance. We are negotiating probably, right now, with about half the states over adjustments to payments whether it be through carve outs or a pass through or some of the mechanism or revisiting this in the rates.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, we -- are you talking about the expansion population or the exchange population? Because it sounds like you're mixing the 2.
Joseph Mario Molina: There's a bunch of questions in there. Let me see if I can hit them all. In terms of our expectations in whether a favorable pickup in Q1 because of -- I think what we said was we're coming at our expectation, which was the high 80s, like 88%. So I'm not sure if there was any favorability there. In terms of where are we expecting them to get care, all of the patients that we get, we do try to steer towards the primary care doctor as opposed to the ER. These folks may traditionally have used the ER as their primary care site, but that's really not much different than any time we switch from a fee-for-service in the managed-care environment. So we do try to connect them with their PCP. We do welcome calls, make sure they know who their primary care doctor is and encourage them to go in for that visit. And last, again, it's just really too early to tell, since we don't have a lot of claims experience yet to know what the utilization pattern is, but I don't think we're seeing anything unusual.
Joseph Mario Molina: Sure, I think that for the year, we're estimating medical care ratio of somewhere between 88% and 90% off the top of my head. I'm going back to guidance. And the admin cost, we're expecting will continue to decline throughout the year. We should have, as we said, fourth quarter about 7.5%. And I think on average, about 8% for the year. 89%...
Joseph Mario Molina: True. And what we've said consistently is we should exit 2015. We're on a $12.5 billion run rate, and our net income goal is 2%, and that's on a GAAP basis, so we'll be revisiting that in the next Investor Day to translate that into an adjusted earnings margin. But our story is fairly consistent in terms of what we expect, in terms of the margin and the revenue goals.
Joseph Mario Molina: In terms of the weather, this is Mario, a lot of that weather affected more the eastern part of the country. If you look, a large part of our membership is in places like California and Washington. I don't think the weather had any impact on us.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, we know that the state of Florida that they expect that -- Sovaldi to double their cost this year for the treatment of Hepatitis C, so I think, at least, in that status, it's going to be significant. I can't give you data on a state-by-state basis. And, of course, we only have limited exposure, because we're only looking at what our patients are experiencing, not what the entire state is doing.
Joseph Mario Molina: I think there's a lot of activity even yesterday and today on that. And I would say that it's a positive sign that the states are recognizing that this is an incremental cost. And I think most states are now recognizing that it was not built into the rates.
Joseph Mario Molina: And if you look towards the MD&A discussion in our 10-Q, you see where we talked a little bit about the blended premium rates for the different population routes. So you can build it from that, I think.
Joseph Mario Molina: No, Tom. We didn't, and we're not disclosing it. We typically don't break out medical cost to that granular degree, so we're not going to do that now.
Joseph Mario Molina: All right, well, thank you, everyone. We appreciate you listening in on this quarter's call, and we'll be back with you in a few months to go over the second quarter.
John C. Molina: Josh, this is John. With respect to your -- the first part of your question. I think we'll have a much better handle by the end of the second quarter in terms of what the true utilization patterns are going to be. And as far as how folks are singing up, we don't have a lot of visibility into that. If they do identify a provider and they communicate that to the state and we get that information, then we can match them up. But I don't know at this point how many do and how many of them are just being auto assigned.
John C. Molina: Sure. This is John. If you go back to our Investor Day slide presentation, there was a slide that had quarterly estimate for what we thought the MN expense ratio would be. I don't, off the top of my head, know what it is for Q2 and Q3. But if you want to go back to the slide, you should be able to find it.
John C. Molina: This is John. We did see a pick up in enrollment towards the end of March, early April, so that's going to grow. I don't know, it's going to get much beyond the 15,000 that we're talking about.
John C. Molina: This is John. I think the flu season was about the same as it was last year. So I don't know -- certainly better than when we had H1N1 in 2009, but I don't know if I would say it's a benefit.
John C. Molina: This is John. I think if you look in our Q, which is also filed today, we realized about a $5 million pickup from the settlement agreement.
John C. Molina: We haven't got any duals in the revenue side for the first quarter, so we will book those, as they start to come in Q2.
John C. Molina: This is John. In guidance, we've got -- it varies a little bit by state, but 88% is about the average. If you go back to our Investor Day slide, we sort of broke it down, what we thought Medicaid Expansion will be on a state-by-state basis. I don't know that the admin costs vary much, so I'd use an average admin cost. And that's how you can get to a margin.
Joseph W. White: Yes, that's correct. It's Joe speaking. We don't think the sliding of those duals program is going to affect guidance one way or the other.
Joseph W. White: Yes. It's Joe's speaking. Frankly, those claims have been slow to come in. And we really don't -- we just don't have a read on their -- the medical claims development there, how it breaks down between inpatient and outpatient. Again, we're confident it's in that high 80s MCR, but we just haven't had a huge amount of claims development.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking yes, it's expansion, which is running [indiscernible] again of what we expect is running a little bit about what we traditionally run for the other populations in Washington. And I think we talked to the end of last year about a little bit of rate pressure in Washington, which is carried over into this year.
Joseph W. White: This is Joe speaking. We've seen a pretty good quarter with MMS in first quarter of this year. It's a couple of things. There has been some lift, which we expect to continue from more claimed volume tied to Medicaid expansion. There were also some revenue recognition related to projects being completed and onetime payments from the state. I say if you can look at that, the improvement is 50-50 split between those two. So some of that improvement will carry forward.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking again. The big issue there in terms of that, sequentially, from fourth quarter is the at-risk quality revenue not recognized.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking. The increase in inventory, I think, a better metric to look at would be to compare it to fourth quarter of last year, but it's certainly and predominantly enrollment-driven.
Joseph W. White: Well, you're always going to have with -- as good a job, frankly, as we think we do in terms of claims payment, when new populations come on, you always tend to have a buildup, with peak, third, fourth month, fifth month of enrollment. And it just speaks to the time it takes for that. There's claims that show up in inventory and then to work through the backlog. It takes a while maneuvering people on for doctors to get the claims and -- based on where the member belongs.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking, yes. We expect to realize most of that. I mean, recognize most of that by the end of the year.
Joseph W. White: This is Joe speaking. Obviously, when we have situations with light claims receipts, we tend to err a little bit to the side of being cautious. What we do, clearly, have though with expansion lives at this stage is we have very good pharmacy data, of course. And that is suggesting that we're tracking to where the lives are priced at by the state, or perhaps a little better than that. So I think it's fair to say we feel pretty good about that number. Pharmacy date is a pretty good indication of where it's going to come in, in time.
Joseph W. White: Sure, it's Joe speaking. When we called those out in New York, the intent was to present in each of those areas, the most extreme negative circumstances that could arise from those areas. So, obviously, had all of those played out, I think Slide 57 on our investor deck, had all those played out as negative, we would have had a disastrous quarter. So I think the way to look at it is those were each worse case and what could develop. That's not -- we don't set guidance, so assuming every worse case is going to develop. So that's the best I could express that.
Joseph W. White: And if you had anybody worked those into their numbers, they would've had a much lower number than how consensus work out for this quarter.
