Thomas Tran: Thank you, Joe and good morning. First, I will comment on our balance sheet, cash flow, and capital. Our reserve approach remains consistent with prior quarters and reserve positions remain strong. Days in claim payable represent 52 days of medical cost expense, compared to 49 days in the first quarter of 2020, and 48 days in the second quarter of 2019. The sequential increase was driven by lower medical expense in the current quarter, due to the impact of COVID. Reserved development for the first six months of 2020 was negligible compared to favorable development, which decreased our MCR by 110 basis points in the comparable period in 2019. Operating cash flow for the second quarter of 2020 were $630 million, reflecting the strong operating result, and the timing of government receipts and payments. We attract $185 million of subsidiary dividends in the quarter, which brought our parent company cash balance to $1.2 billion, and give us ample flexibility to fund our recent acquisitions and organic growth initiatives. Debt at the end of the quarter is nearly 1.6 times trolling per month EBITDA. Our leverage ratio is 60.7%. However, on a net debt basis, net of parent company cash, the leverage ratio is only 30.7%. Taken together, these metrics reflect a conservative leveraged position. Our $800 million high yield offering was priced at 4 and 3.8%, indicating that the debt markets view our credit quality at a level that should provide a path for a ratings upgrade in the near future. As of June 30, 2020, our health plans at total statutory capital and surplus of approximately $2.1 billion, which equates to approximately 350% of risk based capital. Now turning to our 2020 guidance. Our full year's earnings guidance range is $11.20 to $11.70 per diluted share. We increased our full year 2020 total revenue outlook to approximately $18.8 billion from $18.3 billion, mainly due to a higher Medicaid enrollment through the first half of the year, as well as revenue from YourCare membership, that is effective July 1, 2020. In taking this cautious approach to providing earnings guidance for the balance of the year, we have considered a wide range of potential outcomes from the factors that Joe previously described. Now I offer some additional items of note. The low yield environment and its drag on investment income should persist in the second half. We are likely to incur additional administrative expenses for COVID related operating protocols. We are also going to incur costs associated with the launch of our new Kentucky contract and integration costs associated with the Magellan Complete Care acquisition. And lastly as a reminder, consistent with our historical practice, previously announced acquisition that have not yet closed are excluded from our guidance. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Thomas Tran: Yes, thanks Joe. You're right, Josh. Our reserve methodology remained the same. We said that four to six months that the development is negligible on a PPD basis is slightly favorable, but it's not material. That's why we don't want to call it out.
Thomas Tran: Yes, I would say that - I would say that within anything you do related to reserve, there's always judgment factor, there is range, and you can always argue you come pretty close to it. In prior years, we had a lot more development in that we tended to be a lot more cautious. We still are very conservative in our reserve methodology. So I wouldn't say there is anything inherently different. It's just the outcome is a little bit closer to our estimate.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure, Justin this is Joe. We grew membership sequentially in Medicaid by 152,000 members at 5%. We believe with really good information that most of that was the result of the suspension of redetermination; that the unemployment surge that is likely to come to manage Medicaid has not yet occurred due to a variety of reasons, spousal coverage, COBRA and backlogs in the various states. Certainly we expect that membership to be on the books for a while. We know it will hit a peak and we also know that as the economy recovers, it will begin to trip [ph]. We do not yet, we have various forecasts of how much membership we are likely to have at the end of the year as a result of all this. But I think we're comfortable in saying that our Medicaid membership will be higher than previously forecasted as a result of COVID. But we have not put a point estimate on that. It's still way too many variables to put a point estimate on how many members we're likely to get. I will say this, through the first three weeks of July the Medicaid membership continued to grow by about 30,000 members organically in the first three weeks of July.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure. In our marketplace business, our silver bronze mix didn't change all that much. But we did have a churn in the bronze membership we took on, so we had many new members in our bronze product. The MLR ran higher on those numbers than we had expected. It's either higher medical – if you are attracting the right risk or it's either mismanagement of your medical cost line, but if you're managing medical costs effectively, which we think we are, then the risk scores just haven't been commensurate. So we'll catch up and we'll get the risk scores in line with the acuity of the membership. But that's the reason for the small shortfall in our marketplace business for the quarter. With respect to the business, yes we projected a medical costs baseline on COVID impacted use 2019 is the medical costs baseline and then trended forward without any COVID impacts. So we believe that the rates we filed for 2021 are solid, fully contemplated all the costs related to medical services for our members, and the scores that we will attain.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, the retroactive refunds that we record in the quarter really are a reflection of exactly how the rate apparatus should work. Obviously, rates never contemplated this rather dramatic curtailment in utilization. So whether states enact refunds themselves or whether the minimum MLRs in seven of our States get triggered, the money is rightfully going back to the States because it wasn't spent on benefits for their beneficiaries. So we recorded the retroactive component, either back to in some cases back to March in some cases back to the beginning of the year. And certainly we contemplated the forward looking aspects of those rate decreases and refunds, as we provided our very cautious outlook to the balance of the year. So the 75 million was truly the retroactive component that takes us through June 30, but we certainly contemplated the continuation of those refunds that have already been enacted, and obviously the potential for more actions to be enacted by our State customers.
Joseph Zubretsky: That's a fair point. I think I'm going to use that as the opportunity to make sure we clarify the outlook we're giving for premium revenue in 2021. First thing, I would say is, you know, our revised forecast for 2020 is $17.8 billion of premium revenue, which is a 10% increase over 2019. That's a pretty strong pivot. Now as we really activate the growth strategy, projecting a 20% growth rate off of 2020 is certainly something we're pleased with. And yes, it does contemplate the Magellan Complete Care acquisition closing on January 1. For every month it would be delayed you can proportionately reduce that. But we expect it to close at the earliest by the end of the year, but no later than the end of the first quarter. We also included the organic component of our Kentucky contract, meaning an amount of revenue in Kentucky that we estimate we would get through the normal auto assignment process. We did not include any potential benefits of additional membership that we'll get through the ownership of the Passport brand and the potential innovation of that contract early in the fall. Also, it's important to note that we've decided to exit Puerto Rico, which leaves $400 million of revenue in 2019 will not be in the 2020 rate, and, of course, a modest, very modest and cautious forecast of organic growth. So that's sort of how we compiled our rather conservative outlook for 2021 and we really wanted to just begin framing the story as we really activate our growth strategy, we wanted to give a forward look, a leading indicator, an outlook of where our revenue line is headed.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes. We have various forecasts on where, as I said, in the previous question, I was asked of where the Medicaid membership will go. And, as I said, we're just we're taking it week-by-week. We - membership grew again in the month of July. We expect it to grow again in August and perhaps through September as that unemployment surge comes through. But it's just so really hard to project. The way I would think about it is, is and what I'm holding my team accountable to, we should do no worse than our market share in those markets. Hopefully, we'll gain market share on this process, but if you take our market share, that would be a good proxy for - if Medicaid enrollment grows by a certain percent we should at least get our market share.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure. Well, Matt, the conversations with our various day customers have been very balanced and very rational. And they do understand the principle that it has the force of federal law of actuarial soundness, which in the CMS approval process they take very seriously as well. Clearly, the actions that have been taken are related to COVID. That's - that has occupied the conversation. We clearly understand that there are other budget pressures in the states that are causing them to look at Medicaid with a very, very sharp pencil. But you can't recruit money in Medicaid rates to balance your budget. That violates the concept of actuarial soundness. The rates have to reflect that the services that we intend to allow members to have and I think the rate environment will persist through all this. As I said, we'll go back to a point where on a prospective basis, we agreed to statistically credible medical cost baseline, a reasonable trend off that baseline. And, the - that has served managed Medicaid well over many, many years.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, as you know, our rates contract years span from January 1 to July to September. So we're always in some type of discussion with our customers about rates. And, as we emerge through this COVID period, we have to adjust for the effects of COVID. Are the effects of COVID going to last into the 2021 baseline? Right now, they could, but we just don't know. So I wouldn't want to divulge any particular conversation we're having with states, but the discussion about how long COVID will last, and what that medical cost baseline needs to reflect, is just an ongoing state-by-state discussion.
Joseph Zubretsky: Your math is precisely correct. We assumed through an auto assignment process that we’d likely get 140,000 members, which is why we put an estimate of $850 million into our forecast. And we just didn't want to be presumptive. We're buying the Passport operating assets and the brand name. The membership has to be assigned to us through the state approval process. But you're absolutely right. If we obtained all 350,000 members that would represent a little over a $1 billion of upside to the $21.5 billion estimate that we've given you. I will say this, while we're still in the approval process, so I don't want to go into any particular conversations we've had, continuity of care is really, really important to our customers, stability of the network, continuity of the care plans, particularly for the high acuity population is really, really important to our customer. So we believe what one of the potentials for this transaction is to keep either all or many of the 350,000 members that are now in the Passport plan. That was certainly the intention that we had in mind when we bought the Passport assets. So, continuity of care, really, really important to the customer and stability of network, and if we are able to keep many of those members, those objectives will have been met.
Joseph Zubretsky: We continue to believe that we'll grow our marketplace product. Our DSNP product is doing really, really well. We clearly have plans to grow market share, as I outlined at are Investor Day over a year ago, putting in the operational protocols to make sure that we have less leakage on redetermination than we've had in the past, and that through additional branding and awareness campaigns at the local level, we attract more membership through the voluntary process. Improving our risk scores and our quality scores I should say, to move up higher in the auto assignment algorithms. So we have plans to grow organically. I would call it small bolt-on acquisitions as good as organic, particularly at the prices we're paying. So, I'd stay at the cautious and conservative estimate, and that's the way I would think about it.
Joseph Zubretsky: Now, after we recorded the premium refunds, the minimum MLRs did not have any impact in the quarter, no material impact on our financial results. Now going forward, again depends where COVID takes the medical cost line. It depends where the retroactive rate refunds kick-in. But we, again through whatever mechanism there is, we actually prefer and intend to make sure that we don't keep state money that was paid to us for servicing members that wasn’t due to the pandemic. So whether it's through the retroactive rate refund, whether it's through the minimum MLR mechanism or whether it's just voluntary, working with our state customer to make directed payments to providers to add value added benefits for members or just to give them the money back, we think that's the responsible way to behave in a global pandemic with our Medicaid customers.
Joseph Zubretsky: I would say that the states of - the states that haven't yet, are Washington - Washington have directed payments, but no, Washington and Texas, no. Florida and Michigan, have not. New York hasn't. So, those are the states, Wisconsin hasn't. Those are the states that haven't yet, and I don't have the list in front of me of where the MLRs are, but the MLRs are 85 or 86 and those could get tripped and probably in a marginal way, but those are the states that haven't enacted anything yet. And as I said, we'll wait and see, when something's enacted, how they're enacted, what retro period they apply to, et cetera.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, certainly we have, we follow very, very closely all of the budget and legislative activity with our state customers. Obviously, it gives you a sense of hope, repeat their budgets are with tax revenues or not, so we certainly follow it. Many of our states have already passed budgets, many of them passed budgets a year ago that are two years in duration, where we haven't had any conversations about rates. But many are in the process. Certain of them are in process. So we certainly keep our eye on it, but as I said before, you can't use Medicaid rates to recoup tax revenues. They have to reflect the services that you intend to pay for members. And as I said on the last earnings call, there is no question that as the economy moves up and down and state budgets are either very strong or on the weaker side, then rates would be on the stronger side of actuarial soundness when the economy is really robust, and might be on the weaker side of actuarial soundness when the economy is flat. And again, there is the offsetting impact of more membership or fewer members. So, it modulates and it's all manageable. But as I said, actuarial soundness has to reflect the cost of healthcare services for your members and you can't recoup budget deficits with Medicaid money.
Joseph Zubretsky: It certainly was contemplated in the very cautious outlook we gave for the second half. I would state it this way. A state might decide that they will take the action to recoup the money that wasn't paid in benefits through these rate refunds. If they don't do that and we trigger a minimum MLR, then we have to pay it back by regulation. If neither of those two things exist or happen and we still think that we inappropriately or inadvertently, unexpectedly benefited by this curtailment of utilization, we would work with our state customer and work on a program of either additional value added benefits for members, directed payments to stressed or distressed providers or just give them the money back. We just don't think it's helpful for the Managed Care industry to sort of have a surplus margin related to curtailed utilization in a pandemic and we'll report that as we report our third and fourth quarters, we will report to the extent we trigger minimum MLRs, we have retroactive rate refunds where we voluntarily granted money back to our customer.
Joseph Zubretsky: Yes Charles, I mean we knew we are headed into a very uncertain and unclear environment. I mean it's a pandemic and it's healthcare and we saw the utilization suppression. We knew that whatever the numbers are, we knew that we were benefiting or at least our P&L temporarily is benefiting materially by suppressed utilization. So yes, we expected our state customers to contact the industry, to figure out a way to recoup some of those funds, which is entirely almost the embodiment of actuarial soundness. The rates were super adequate for the COVID declared emergency period and therefore the money should be given back. So, this environment was entirely contemplated. Now at the beginning of the quarter, did I know that healthcare costs will be down between $190 million and $240 million? No. But when utilization was down 20% to 40% in healthcare categories representing two thirds of our spend, you knew that there would be some large distortions related to COVID. So yes, we anticipated this environment as the quarter progressed, we certainly monitored it and this is the result we produced. And I'll say it, the reason we gave you those numbers, if we really did want to highlight, and I'll make this comment, that when you take all the distortions, significant distortions related to COVID out of our numbers, it's a very, very strong quarter with good metrics. I mean, if you take out the $1.10 to $1.65 estimate of what COVID, increased our earnings per share by, we produced at a minimum $3 per share for the quarter, maybe as high as $3.55 for the quarter and that 82% MCR that we printed for the quarter had 400 basis points of COVID benefit in it, so banks were on our 86% result that we've been consistently and routinely producing. So we try to be clear. We try to separate and isolate those COVID distortions as clear as we could. And yes, we knew we were going through an unclear environment which is one of the reasons why we again gave cautious guidance for the back half of the year. Tell us where the pandemic is going and we'll give you a clearer picture, but the range of outcomes for the second half of the year is so varied and so wide, holding our guidance and giving you some qualitative factors rather than quantitative factors, we thought was the most responsible approach.
Joseph Zubretsky: Texas and Washington have asked all - have actually expressed their interest in increasing Medicaid spending during this period of time. We had some early on, I think it was even in the first quarter, Washington as you know was one of the first state to get hit with the pandemic, and a lot of the behavioral providers in Washington who were on fee-for-service, were really, really getting crushed. And so, the state asked us, asked the industry to make some directed payments to providers which we gladly did. So, we're having discussions, that's just an example, we're having discussions with all our states, but Washington and Texas, yet have expressed more interest in infusing more money into Medicaid than extracting it from Medicaid.
Joseph Zubretsky: No. As you know, there is all kinds of jousting that's going on between the - in Congress related to this. But no, we did not, whether it's 12%, whether it ends up being 12% or 14%, we did not include any of that outlook as potential upside to what might happen in rates. If it happens, it would be great. I think states will be relieved and I think it will take a lot of pressure off, but no, we did not assume, we did not assume that would happen.
Joseph Zubretsky: Josh, you certainly captured the essence of the difficulty of providing a point estimate forecast in this environment. And, I want to make sure it's clear what we meant. If a refund is enacted, the state is therefore recouping what they considered to be the excess capitation rate through an enacted temporary rate refund. If it triggers a minimum MLR, then there is already an existing regulatory mechanism. And all we are saying is, if we still felt there was a financial imbalance, we feel that imbalance should be corrected. I'm not defining what an imbalance means, whether it's 100 basis points or 200 to 300, it's going to be state-by-state, situation-by-situation. I'm not going to go into exactly what we mean by that. But I do think, as a philosophy, our Company and I think Managed Care generally is taking the approach that we do not intend to benefit by the suppression or the curtailment of utilization due to a global pandemic. Yes, I mean we contemplated the headwind, Tom spoke to it. We contemplated the investment income headwind going into the back half of the year. We contemplated that we would be spending extra G&A as we gave you our cautious approaches. So, it's a no. I wouldn't say they're headwinds. They were already contemplated in our comfort level in re-establishing the guidance we previously gave.
Joseph Zubretsky: Hi George, it's Joe. I think COVID has not, in our opinion, changed the attitude of how people think about Managed Care or Managed Medicaid. It's a tough business, it's hard, you have to have the infrastructure, you have to have the scale, you have to have deep skills and knowledge, a lot of esoteric knowledge. It's not, it shouldn't be hobby and it shouldn't be an adjunct. You need to be highly skilled in this. So, no, it hasn't caused us to think any differently about it. Although, I would say that a small Medicaid plan somewhere, might be enjoying some additional profitability. It certainly hasn't changed and the discussions we've had with many plans across the country, it certainly hasn't emboldened them to think differently about the long-term nature of this business. I mean - if it takes a pandemic to put you on the right course to profitability, then you're making the wrong call. So no, we still have a really, really bullish outlook on small discrete bolt-on and tuck-in acquisitions.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure. Well, certainly Scott, this thing this wouldn't be the quarter with all of the distortions caused by COVID, this would be the quarter to reset your long-term expectations on margin attainability in any line of business. There's just way too many distorted impacts and you think you have those distorted impacts captured appropriately. And I think we do. But no, I think we still think that Medicaid is a 3% - 4% contributor. We've been routinely producing mid to high single digits in Medicaid – Medicare. And I would say the one where we still have a desire and a hope and a strategy to drive growth in the Marketplace business at mid-to-high single-digit margins as a growth engine for the business is still in our long-term strategy, but this wouldn't be the quarter to sort of reset your expectations, and I would just answer the question that way.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, we're always pretty cautious forecasters. So I would say that there is a fair bit of caution built in to the $0.50- $0.75 to begin with on a cash EPS basis. And yes, I mean I obviously can't comment on anything I know through the integration process, but I certainly can respond to your comment on what was reported publicly. And yes, the first half, it looked like the businesses we're doing very, very well and you hit the question, how much of its COVID related and how much of it is sustainable. But certainly, we're pleased with what we saw in the public report and it certainly gives you as much or even more confidence that the accretion numbers we put out there are attainable.
Joseph Zubretsky: The rationale is, we did not feel it appropriate. We want to be deferential to our regulator customer in the state of Kentucky. We're buying the Passport brand and the assets, but the membership actually needs to be assigned to us. If we get more than 140,000, we projected we get about 140,000 in an auto-assignment process, which I think is a reasonable estimate. But, we do not want to be presumptuous that we would get all or most of the 350,000 and we're trying to be differential to the regulatory approval process. And the Magellan acquisition still needs regulatory approval. Once it's approved and we take over the legal entities, we will have the membership lock, stock and barrel. That was the reason.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well, it's an interesting question. I believe in a quasi organic way, if you want to point of term, that anything done with generated cash flow is as good as organic, particularly with the prices we're paying. When you can - when you can recover the purchase price of an acquisition in the first year of positive cash flow at a purchase price of what is likely to be somewhere around 12% of premium, that's as good as organic, even though it's technically an inorganic play in the case of Passport. So to me, if you're buying bolt-on tuck-in acquisitions particularly membership migrations where you're paying per member or for the members retained, even though you're outweighing a modest amount of capital, it's just good as organic.
Joseph Zubretsky: Since many of them are coming either through or staying on through the redetermination process, the way I would describe it is, those members are an average acuity of our existing population, not materially more acute, not materially less acute. Now when the unemployment surge happens, I think you might get a slightly different story, since people that need healthcare generally seek it. So you could have a slight acuity shift there, which is one of the reasons why when we gave our guidance with, A, we don't know how many members were getting and B, we don't know their level of acuity or the cost of service. So it's clearly just another factor of uncertainty for the back half of the year.
Joseph Zubretsky: Sure. I'm going to answer your last question first and ask you to repeat the first one, I'm not sure I understood it. But, we clearly think this is a case where the new bronze membership we took on, we did not either have or get quickly enough the risk scores that we needed to service that population. And there could be just a lag by when you get all your coding done, when you get all your interventions done, we'll catch it up. We have a very good operation when it comes to risk scoring, so was the churn in that bronze population that caused us to have risk scores that lag. It will catch up and it's not a long-term concern. I think I need for you to repeat the first part of your question, it was about medical - it was about Marketplace rates, but I didn't follow it.
Joseph Zubretsky: Okay. We haven't changed our margin outlook for the product and we still have a strategy of growing the profit pool. And as I've said many times, on a year-by-year basis, me and my management team will make the call on whether we ease up on margin to grow membership or whether we pull back, ease up on membership to grow margin and we'll make that decision, geography by geography with a thorough analysis of the competitive landscape. With respect to the performance of the business, the COVID pandemic utilization curtailment did not have as significant impact on Marketplace as it did on other businesses. Initially, utilization was down in late March and early April, but it bounced back very, very quickly through May and June. So, it did not have as steep an impact on Marketplace as it did on Medicare and Medicaid.
Joseph Zubretsky: You have the right model in your thinking. That is the model we've used, and again it's an outlook. It's not a pinpoint estimate. We believe, not believe, we couched it as conservative. We wanted to give you and our investors a very clear indication of where the trajectory of our top line is going. We will refine this estimate as we go forward, when we go through the third and fourth quarters. Who knows where our Medicaid membership will be, we could have another 150,000 members by the end of next quarter. We just don't know. So we will refine the organic aspects of this, but the inorganic aspects are pretty clear. And you're right, you have to factor in the $400 million Puerto Rico exit as an offset to some modestly calibrated organic growth.
Joseph Zubretsky: Well there is - I don't want to comment on the regulatory process, but we're working through the regulatory process on the contract novation and on the after the process of getting approval to buy the Passport infrastructure. Open enrollment starts, I think it's mid-October. So we're hoping to have this whole thing included either by the end of the summer or early in September, but I can't predict when that will actually happen. But we're working hard on it and the earlier it can get done, the more stable that membership will be. Those members love the Passport brand. They like being in that plan. The state understands that. So I think we're all aligned in our intention to want to keep those members in the Passport brand, in the Passport care plan and in the Passport network.
