Joseph M. Zubretsky: Sure, Justin. When you cut through all the puts and takes of the quarter, it's a solid $3-quarter and a very solid $9-year, our guidance at $8.90 at the midpoint. The quality of earnings in 2018 is very strong, and we think that's a great jumping-off point for planning our trajectory into 2019. I cited the various factors that one always takes into consideration when forming a plan: the continued strength of our Medicaid rates; the competitive positioning of our Medicare and our Marketplace rates, can we continue to manage our medical cost baseline and trend as effectively as we have this year. And then certainly, the $500 million of profit improvement initiatives we outlined for you at Investor Day certainly some of that has inured to the benefit of 2018, but most of that is still yet to be harvested. So, the 2018 baseline is a great jumping-off point. I think we've outlined the puts and takes that are endemic to the industry and those specific to Molina. And over the long term, we are committed to growing earnings per share and our pre-tax earnings off of the 2018 solid baseline.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: We've challenged the operating team to aspire to be the best margin producers in our space. We're going to produce Medicaid margins just under 2.5% this year after tax, Medicare margins at nearly 3.5%, and Marketplace at nearly 9%, averaging to the 3.2% after-tax margin in our guidance. Clearly, the Marketplace has outperformed our expectation this year, without question. We managed it effectively. We've put 58 points of rate into the market last year. But this year, we only put low-single digit rate increases into the market because our rate actions no longer needed to be corrective. And so I think the question on the Marketplace isn't whether we can sustain the margins, is can we continue to hold on to the membership at the margin we produced this year. But it's a solid product, it's performing well. And we're just now learning how our prices are comparing to our competitors, and we'll have a better outlook for you when we report our fourth quarter.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Sure. With respect to 2019 revenue, at our Investor Day, we laid out an outlook which suggested that the 2019 premium revenue will be about $15.6 billion. At that time, of course, we were accounting for the total loss of Florida and the total loss of the New Mexico Medicaid contracts. We've since recovered two regions in Florida $0.5 billion. And the Mississippi implementation will be an incremental $300 million to 2019. There are other growth opportunities in our existing portfolio. Our Marketplace business should grow next year with rates now filed in Utah and Wisconsin. As you know, we are very successful in our Washington reprocurement where we have fewer competitors and many other regions we won, and so our membership will grow. Ohio carved in the behavioral benefit halfway through this year, we'll get a full year of that next year. And we picked up 70,000 members mid-year in Illinois, and we'll get a full year effect of that in 2019. So, all-in-all, I think the premium revenue picture, without giving you a specific forecast, is a lot better than what we outlined at Investor Day. Your second question was about G&A, there is more G&A to harvest here. We've redeployed a lot of that G&A to the frontlines. Our net 600 head count reduction was net of resources we've put in the field to control medical cost. We will spend money on many of our transformational initiatives that will produce better baseline medical costs that will put a little pressure on it next year. But we are very determined to control our fixed cost and to leverage our fixed cost, and we think there's upside to the G&A ratio as well.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Again, without giving a specific forecast, even with the revenue declines next year, we are pretty committed to growing earnings per share and pre-tax earnings off of the 2018 base. Too early to give you the specific 2019 trajectory, but we are committed even in the phase of the revenue decline on the two lost contracts, we're committed to that long-term objective.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: With respect to our margins, you specifically, Ana, mentioned Medicaid, with an 89.9% year-to-date MCR, there's still room for improvement in our core Medicaid business, maybe 100 basis points or 200 basis points long term in the MCR. And we're committed to improving our Medicaid margins. On the G&A side, yeah, there's more efficiency, there's fixed cost leverage as we grow, there is more efficiency, and we will redeploy some of that efficiency back to the frontline to make sure that we do not skimp on utilization control resources, which was part of the medical cost problem the company experienced. We also are going to invest in some of these transformational initiatives. It will cost money if we outsource or co-source our IT operation. We are spending more money on payment integrity routines and frontline utilization control. So, there will be a little bit of upward pressure on the G&A ratio as we improve our processes, but it should have a corresponding and exponential effect on our medical cost line.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: On the second question, the Medicaid rates, it's a very rational rate environment right now as we accept the Medicaid rates that are being offered to us. For the most part, the rates are actuarially sound. They always seem to come in a little bit lower than your absorbed medical cost trend, but they'd suspect you to find managed care savings, and we do that routinely. The tax reform conversation really isn't part of the rate dialogue with the states. On the Marketplace side, we're just now learning how our rates are going to stack up against our competitors. Our average rate increase for the Marketplace that we filed in 2018 for 2019 was 4%. These rate increases no longer need to be corrective, they just need to accurately reflect medical cost trend, the acuity of our population and the metallic benefit designs that we've put into the market. So we're pretty comfortable that our strategy in the Marketplace which was to hold on to our membership ranks and maximize contribution margin dollars for 2019 will hold, and that will position us well to file rates in 2019 that will allow us to grow into 2020.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Well, as we continue to focus on our margin recovery and sustainability efforts, as you suggested, there is still more to do. Some of those opportunities have yet to been harvested. And that is our primary focus here at the company. In the meantime, we also recognized that the sales cycle in this business is very long. And if you don't start building the engine today to grow, then you won't grow in 2019, 2020 and 2021. So we are hard at work rebuilding our RFP response unit, we're hard at work rebuilding our new contract business development unit. In the meantime, there are plenty of opportunities in our existing footprint, in our existing product line, to grow. If we can win more regions in Texas, when Texas finally announces the STAR+PLUS contract, if we won seven more regions and add our current market share, could be over $1 billion of incremental opportunity. Ohio strongly considering putting their ML – their long-term services and supports business into managed care. So there are plenty of opportunities in Marketplace. We believe that business could be twice the size it is today, and we can hold onto our margin, and have it be a very good allocation of capital in the portfolio at a very attractive margin. So before we go into new-new, I think there's plenty of opportunities in our existing footprint and our existing product line to grow. But in the meantime, we are rebuilding that greenfield business development operation so we can participate in RFPs in 2019, 2020 for the benefit of 2021.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: We originally – I gave you a $0.50 estimate, and if you recall, I think at the time, our share price was about $85, which meant that the cash that we've used to buy in the converts was purchasing a lot more of the converts than it is at $125, $130. So, that estimate for the full year is now $0.30, but we've bought in a lot of those convertible notes. We've reduced our share count and the potential volatility in EPS as a result of it. But I think Tom said in his prepared remarks that the estimate for the year on our capital actions is about a $0.30 benefit for the entire year.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Well, we definitely think there's upside to our core Medicaid performance. Citing some facts here, TANF is still running over 89% year-to-date. ABD is running at 92% – just under 92%, which is respectable. But we actually think that we can more effectively manage the long-term support and services benefit that's embedded in the ABD product more effectively and we can improve on that 92% performance. And Expansion is doing well at 87%. We're still getting very, very effective rates. So, the business is performing well. I think that there is upside in our ABD line and upside in our TANF line. Just being more effective on the frontlines and the utilization controls, the rate environment if it continues to be stable and we can continue to effectively manage our medical cost baseline and trend, we all believe that there's upside to those performance statistics.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Good observation. The old, poorly-performing years are rolling off, but we still have room. As you suggested, it's a three-year rolling average. We only triggered the minimum MLR in one state, that being New Mexico. And we fully considered our position as we filed our 2019 rates. So, no, we don't expect – the rates that we filed still do not imply a triggering of the minimum MLR in any of our other states. And if we did, we certainly would include it in any forecast we give you for 2019.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: We're in seven. We re-filed – if you remember, we were in Utah and Wisconsin a year ago. We came out in 2018. We're going back in for 2019. We expect that Wisconsin and the positioning of our pricing and our product will provide some meaningful membership growth in Wisconsin. Utah, probably less so. But those are the two states. So, we'll be in nine states in 2019 and we're going to consider expanding our Marketplace footprint to be everywhere we're in Medicaid in 2020, which would be I think South Carolina, Illinois and New York.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Well, thanks for the question. And as a reminder, I always remind folks when we talk about these profit improvement plans that one, it first goes to fund any deficit you get in rates. Rates always seem to lag medical cost trend by 1 basis point here or there, and it first goes to fund that. If you remember the charts we showed you at Investor Day, we had this sort of contingency reserve sitting out there suggesting that somewhere you'll get a bad rate, somewhere the rate might be actuarially unsound. And you're always using your profit improvement issues to first offset that deficit before anything drops through. And as you suggest, you're absolutely correct; we would then look at our profit improvement plans and the margins that we're creating as a result of it to reinvest in growth. We would not push margins up as high as you suggest and sacrifice growth when the time comes. So, the $500 million could drop through to margins. And if we aspire to be the best margin producer in the industry, maybe we get there or maybe we'll reinvest it in top line growth. Your original question was about how much of the $500 million has fallen through to 2018. And without parsing it item by item, we definitely benefited this year by more effective utilization management. We definitely benefited this year by working the network harder, claim payment integrity certainly added some benefit this year to our medical cost line. And as we suggested, we continue to be more effective at SG&A control. I would say that the more technically challenging, the more operationally complex items that you saw on our chart at Investor Day still have yet to be harvested. So, bottom line, I would say a significant amount of the $500 million has yet to have been harvested and manifest in earnings. You'll be seeing over the next two to three months announcements from us on partnerships that we are creating with world-class vendors to partner up and take advantage of high acuity care management, maybe a re-contracting of our pharmacy. Clearly, we are anticipating co-sourcing or outsourcing our IT operation, you'll see some announcements for us on that front over the next two to three months.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Yeah, I think we'd managed our in-patient cost very effectively. We had some cost pressures in Washington that we previously announced. We had some behavioral in-patient pressures in New Mexico that we previously talked about. But for the most part: one, trend seems to be very stable in most regions around the country, so just the general environment for trend; and second, we have been managing it more effectively. And we can see it in all our statistics, admits per 1,000, short in-patient stays, average length of stay, ER visits, admissions out of the ER, whatever stat you want to focus on, we have been managing it very effectively. And so the in-patient and facility costs a component of trend has been: A, stable and performing well; and secondly, we've been managing it better than we had in the past.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Kevin, we're not prepared to give sort of a pinpoint forecast on our G&A ratio beyond 2018. But those are the headwinds and tailwinds to our G&A ratio. And I view the upward pressure – if we continue to invest in things that improve our medical cost baseline; I consider that to be -have an excellent return, and we would make that trade all day long. So, yes, there are going to be some upward pressures as we invest in some of these processes that will produce significant benefits to the company. Certainly, when you're chasing top line revenue, it costs money. But there is more fixed cost leverage and there's more efficiency to be gained in our operation. Those are the ups and downs, but we're just not prepared yet to give you a pinpoint SG&A ratio forecast beyond 2018. But it's there, we're managing it very effectively, and we definitely think there's a more effective way to deploy our SG&A dollars.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Well, we are currently sketching out the rebuilding of our business development engine. You need to have a ground game, you need to be in the states developing network relationships and governmental relationships before the procurement drops. And in the past two years, this company has not really invested in any of that given the issues it was going through. So, we're rebuilding all that under Pam Sedmak's leadership. We will develop a new business development engine that we think can compete with our rivals, and we can win our fair share. It's really not about the money, it's about really establishing yourself locally building the relationships with the Department of Health Services and the regulators and making sure you have great network relationships, so when the RFP drops, you're prepared to go.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Our G&A loads in our product lines that aren't fully scaled are too high, and they can be scaled. If we double the size of the business, our SG&A would not double. There's fixed cost leverage there very, very clearly. The other thing, as a reminder, in the minimum MLR, there's all the add-backs, right? The number we produce for GAAP, there's all kinds of additions and subtractions to get to the number. So, if we're operating in the mid to high-60s with our G&A load of 15% to 20%, we're still floating below the minimum MLR in many of our placements (58:49). But your point is well taken. There is a practical cap in the margins you can achieve because of the minimum MLR, and if we ever get there, it's a high-class problem to have and we'll fully consider it in the rates we file and we'll grow more.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Oh, it's a very fair comment. And that's why every time I show a forecast or a projection, I always have what I call the rate yield decrement in the analysis because you're never sure that you're going to get fully paid for your medical cost trend. And I always say that over time profit improvement always ends up in rates somehow and somewhere. So, you're right. Over time just through the – the process of negotiating and accepting rates from states, profit improvement will end up in rates over time. That in itself puts a practical (01:00:43) cap in what you can achieve. But again, our goal is to be low cost. We want to be very effective on the frontlines, service our members and our provider partners well, but be low cost. And if we can continue to do that, we can either drop it through or we can reinvest it in top line growth. And that's our aspiration and that's what we're trying to achieve here.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: The exit is clearly a tailwind. It was running an EBITDA loss for the year. If you recall, the goodwill associated with that purchase was written off in the third quarter of 2017, which left a little bit of working capital and fixed assets in the business, and selling it for a nominal purchase price still produced a loss. Negative EBITDA contributor, and it would have required us a lot of future investment in order to fix the business, and there's always a private equity firm around who sees value in that, wants to put the hard work in, but it's just not core and was not a financial contributor.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: No, we like the portfolio, we like the geographic diversity, we like the product line depth and breadth. The portfolio right now is fine, and we're focused on managed care and that's what our focus is on.
Joseph M. Zubretsky: I'll kick it to Tom in a minute, but bear in mind that the 2020s are due in January 2020. So, whether we buy them in the open market or they're presented to us by January of 2020, they will be totally out of our capital structure. Tom, do you want to (01:03:24).
Joseph M. Zubretsky: Exactly. And we're sitting now with close to $400 million in parent company cash. Obviously, with the outlook for next year, I have – we'll harvest more cash flow to the parent. We have the $500 million revolver. So, we have plenty of capacity. As those notes are presented to us or as we go into the market, we have the free cash flow at the parent to buy them.
