Joseph Mario Molina: Thank you, Chantal. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The purpose of this call is to discuss Molina Healthcare's financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2012. The company's earnings release reporting its results was issued today after the market closed and is now posted for viewing on our company website. Participating for Molina today will be Dr. Mario Molina, our CEO; John Molina, our CFO; Terry Bayer, our COO; and Joseph White, our Chief Accounting Officer. After the completion of our prepared remarks, we will open the call to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our comments today contain forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act regarding our Texas cost-containment efforts and year-end profitability, our Ohio Duals expansion, our transition of ABD members into managed care at our California, Washington and Texas health plants, our MMS operations and other matters. All of our forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to numerous risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially. A description of such risk factors can be found in our earnings release and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-K annual report for fiscal year 2011, our Form 10-Q quarterly reports and our Form 8-K current reports. These reports can be accessed under the Investor Relations tab of our company's website or on the SEC's website. All forward-looking statements made during today's call represent our judgment as of October 23, 2012, and we disclaim any obligation to update such statements. This call is being recorded, and a 30-day replay of the conference call will be available over the Internet through the company's website at molinahealthcare.com. I would now like to turn the call over to Dr. Mario Molina.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. No, we're not actively soliciting any of that business. The state will reassign those members beginning, I believe, in February, we are still working with the state trying to determine what the rates will be for next year. We don't yet have the rates. And that's going to have a big impact on our decision whether or not to stay in Wisconsin. Obviously, we would pick up a portion of those members. And unless we get an appropriate rate increase, we probably will not be able to remain in Wisconsin.
Joseph Mario Molina: Yes, this is Mario again. I want to go back to the comments I made earlier, and that is that having an established provider network and experience in the market is really helpful when you're transitioning new populations. We have a very strong provider network in Washington. It's a plant with a lot of experience. We've been operating there since 2000. Good reputation, good relationships, and that has made a big difference. I think that any time we're in a situation where we can transition members to an existing service area, like the upcoming situation in Ohio, that's certainly our preference.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, first of all -- this is Mario again. I think everyone has struggled in California with the implementation of the ABD patients, and that's why there's been a lot of discussion back and forth with the state over the rates. The other thing to remember, as John pointed out, that, that these patients were rolled in 1 month at a time over a 12-month period. And while the costs have been lower for those that entered early, as they've come down, we still have -- of patients that came in later and we're still experiencing higher medical costs. If you look at all the states though, one of the things we've pointed out is that the ABD patients have pushed up the medical costs somewhat. And that's to be expected, when you got relatively sick patients who are higher utilizers than the TANF patients, and these are patients that are new to managed care. I think the same applies for the duals. And when we get the ABD members in who are duals, we're going to have similar issues and it's going to take time to work down the medical costs. So we have said before, we expect higher medical costs for certain populations in the future. We think we can bring them down over time. And we also think that a big key to managing the duals is going to be managing the long-term care benefits, which are less medical and more social and supportive in nature.
Joseph Mario Molina: Now I think part of what's changing that is you have to factor in the premium deficiency reserve that we took in the second quarter. So I think you're going to see this from some other folks in the future, as these new contracts come online, if other organizations take a premium with the efficiency reserve in one period, then they push costs from a future period into the current period. We did that in second quarter, so we didn't have those costs occurring in the third quarter.
Joseph Mario Molina: Melissa, this is John. The margin change primarily due to the change in the premium tax, it used to be, I believe 6%. And so it had the effect of bumping up the revenue, and then we would take the premium tax line out of admin, not out of the medical cost. So that's had the biggest change in what appears to be MCR margin.
Joseph Mario Molina: This is Mario. Let me just comment on California, to be sure you understand. In California, there was supposed to have been a provider fee schedule cut. There were some issues in the court that prevented that, but the issue is not resolved. And so we have been reserving, as if we were going to have to give money back to the state, because of this provider fee schedule change. Because our contracts, many of our contracts in California are tied to that Medicaid fee schedule. Until the state changes it, we don't change it either. So we've understood there's mismatch.
Joseph Mario Molina: Scott, this is Mario. If you go back to our investor day, there was a slide where we showed a cohort of patients that we followed forward for 10 months, and you saw how their cost went down. Well, the more recent patients are still running at higher costs so it's going to take a while to work through that. And that's what we're talking about here. So that, that group that came on in the first month, we think has -- their costs have flattened out. But it's going to take 10 to 12 months for each cohort to kind of flatten out again. And that's what we mean. So there are continued upward pressure and it's going to level off and then go down.
Joseph Mario Molina: It's sort of a blended number, and it's going to take time for that to come down, but we think that it will come down over time next year.
Joseph Mario Molina: Well, thanks, everyone. I have nothing else to add. We look forward to being with you again at the next quarterly earnings call.
John C. Molina: So Josh, this is John. As Terry Bayer likes to say, "One point doesn't constitute a trend, but every trend starts with one point." We had a good September in Texas. I think you calculated it correctly. We do have issues such as seasonality that will creep up in the fourth quarter, so we're not ready to say that Texas has reached our goal, but we're confident that we can get there.
John C. Molina: Chris, this is John. We didn't separately quantify what the profitability was for those members. It's a relatively small number out of the 350,000 that we've got. Suffice to say that, for that group though, on the MLR side, the medical care costs were exceeding 100% of premium.
John C. Molina: I couldn't tell you. I would imagine that some of them probably were, but I couldn't tell you how many of them were.
John C. Molina: The 2-plan model contracts, L.A., Riverside, San Bernardino, have an October 1 rate year. I think the state has given out draft rates that folks are looking at and looking at the methodology and commenting on. They're not final yet. And so we don't typically comment on draft rates.
John C. Molina: Right now, I think that they are still in negotiations. If it was dramatic, I think we would have said something. Other plans would have said something. But the fact that no one is doing much in the way commenting would suggest that it's probably what we expected. If you recall at the January Investor Day, we're talking about rates flat to slightly down.
John C. Molina: I apologize, Tom. I heard disenrollment, not this enrollment. Perhaps I need a hearing aid for my birthday. Right now the data that we've got -- the claims data from the first 3 months suggest that the costs are not running up higher than we expected. I think we actually got a little bit of positive development for Washington, so we're feeling that the costs are in line.
John C. Molina: The premium deficiency reserve, it has an impact. I think that we are very adequately reserved from a pure claims standpoint in Texas. If you look at the days in claims payable, if you look at our cash flow, which you see is an increase in the medical claims benefit line, a lot of that is coming from increasing the reserves in Texas. So I don't think it's a case that we're going to be under-reserved in Texas. I also don't think that the 90-plus% MCR that we experienced is the run rate. I think that what Terry talked about in terms of decreasing utilization and having some of the provider contract changes take -- have full effect. We should see continued improvement there medical care ratio for the ABD members.
John C. Molina: We've submitted our data. I don't know who else has yet. Obviously, we're pushing the state to get us an answer as quick as possible. But we also want to make sure that we don't exchange expediency for accuracy. We want the right rate, not a quick one.
John C. Molina: If I had a handicap stuff, I'd be at the racetrack, I think. I mean it's really hard to know. Our data suggest that they were too aggressive in the rate assumptions.
John C. Molina: This is John. I think in Texas, we got the membership all at once. So just to sort that out was difficult. In California -- and little bit different because the enrollment progressed over a period of 12 months. I think in California, what the bigger driver is in terms of the MCR for that particular population is the rate giveback that we have accrued. So if you think that we want to give back a significant premium to the state, we've got to record it at $15 million, but we didn't drop the provider rates because the state didn't. You've got a mismatch there, which you don't see necessarily in other states. It's hard to take the experience in 1 state and necessarily translate it to the other. What we've got in Washington is stable provider base, rates that we believe having looked at it, are adequate for the population and frankly, some pretty aggressive UM up in Washington that has provided us with the confidence as we watched the claims run out now for 90 days at least that we're not going to have a significant negative development in the future.
John C. Molina: We certainly do have a bias, Carl. And that is, until we see the final rate sheets, we're just going to keep doing what we've been doing. So we know that other plans have had discussions with the state about reversing that. And if that's the decision the state makes, then we will reverse it. Otherwise, we are confident that we're well protected against the state coming back and asking us for money.
John C. Molina: It is definitely happening and it will begin I believe in January. You will see those former CHIP members will roll over to Medicaid.
John C. Molina: Sarah, this is John. When we bought the business, we wanted it to target the states where we didn't have a managed care presence. We have plenty of growth opportunities in the health plan business, so there's no reason to cannibalize ourselves and there are enough states for the MMS business to pursue RFPs, I think that frankly, the Virgin Island example might give us real innovative and competitive target or competitive advantages in some of these applications. But right now, we're not disclosing where we're playing.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe. In terms of Missouri, it's playing out essentially as we expected it would. And, yes, sometime between now and first half of next year, we'll be able to withdraw -- I think we've talked about there's somewhere between $20 million and $25 million for Missouri. Regarding overall capital, I think John talked about that in New York quite a bit. I don't know if John wants to add anything.
Joseph W. White: This is Joe speaking. Without going into a state-by-state basis. I think it's fair to say that much of the -- we talked in the second quarter about the negative impact of prior period development in Texas. We think we've restored those reserves in the second quarter and then carried on into the third. So if you look at the $46 million of prior period development from Q2 to Q3, that's pretty consistent with what we've shown in the past, if you look out the runout from 2010 -- 2009. So again, I would say, I think we caught up in the second quarter and we've maintained those margins in the third.
Joseph W. White: I think we talked in -- I think we talked at length that you go back to our second quarter release, we talked about the impact of the PVR and unfavorable development in the second quarter, I think it was $10 million on the PVR and $12 million in unfavorable development. I think the better approach is to go back and relook at your calculation at the second quarter MCR rather than the third.
Joseph W. White: Scott, it's Joe. There are a couple of items though that were, I think are driving that number higher than we would the California MCR than we would expect in a run rate. First thing I'd like to point out, it's the California has removed its premium tax this quarter. So this would apply not just to the ABD to SBDs, but across the California population. That's probably driving MCR of about 1.5%. This is analogous to the situation in Michigan in the start of the second quarter. We've also had some catch-up in California on capitation payments, specific to the STDs. We've had to go out and recontract with some of our cap providers to allow for the higher premium. So you do have some factors in there that are spiking at this quarter, but I wouldn't call run rate issues.
Joseph W. White: When I take an estimate of the premium tax, 1.5%; the cap issue in unfavorable prior period development, probably another 2.5%. This is all on the California consolidated MCR. So we definitely saw a little bit of an uptick this quarter, but not nearly as much as the financials suggest.
Joseph W. White: The sequential increase in MMS revenue is really just accounting. If you recall, we've been deferring revenue and expense recognition for the Idaho MMIS. We went through some accounting exercises with that last year you'll recall, where we had some write-offs. So upon receipt of CMS certification and acceptance of the system by the state of Idaho in July, we started recognizing both revenue and expense in MMIS. The P&L impact is pretty much 0 because, as you'll recall, we were booking revenue and expense at very similar amounts. But it will drive higher revenue and higher expense.
Terry P. Bayer: This is Terry. We always share with you that we use a very basic and simple formula to improve our medical costs. We had unit cost changes, we had utilization changes, we had claims processing changes, and then we had a rate increase. And all of that combined came into play to bring down that MCR. I think the details are simply that we looked at our highest cost providers and we brought them back closer to the Medicaid fee schedule or made the adjustments we needed to there. We greatly enhanced our active utilization management and increased our activities so that only appropriate care was being authorized, and we did implement a number of claims processing changes that relate to implementation of state fee schedules. So you're quite correct that the rate increase helped. At this point, we continue on as we do in all of our markets, we'll continue to monitor our unit costs, we'll continue to manage the utilization and implement other changes as they come. So there's nothing dramatic to share with you except a continuation of the same.
Terry P. Bayer: We've heard -- this is Terry again. We've heard that the state was looking upwards of 20% to 30% for savings, but that was not shared early on with us as overtly as it was for instance in the Texas market. So there was a cost savings embedded there, and all of the health plans have -- brought together their combined experience and are working with the state actuaries at the state's recognition that they're going to reevaluate the rates now that we are post-16 months into that population rollout.
Terry P. Bayer: Sure, this is Terry. We shared with you at Investor Day about an 8% drop in our ABD enrollment, about close to 10,000 members over the last 3 or 4 months. And yes, those that dropped out were running a significantly higher MCR.
Terry P. Bayer: Let me just add this. This is Terry again. That also impacted the mix on the rate increase we received. So we received slightly over 4% rate increase and it would have been greater if we would have had more higher cost members. So that was calculated very thoughtfully by the state to pick up the gap where the higher costs were.
Terry P. Bayer: This is Terry. So you know what we know, we are just at the mercy of the state letting us know when their startup dates. We know they're in negotiation with CMS. This is really a new venture for these states to work out with CMS, how these 3-part contracts are going to go. And I think they're learning as they go, and as glitches in their rollout process occur, they just turn to us and let us know it's delayed. But we have had no further official delay, although we've heard as well.
Terry P. Bayer: No. We haven't even embarked on that RFP process. Michigan did note originally was attempting to go forth with an RFP this year for 2013. They then let us know mid-process that it would be a 1/1/2014, but the RFP process for the duals has not yet been rolled out. And we've heard nothing further about a further delay. So as far as we're concerned, they're still targeting 1/1/2014 for their duals launch.
