Dale B. Wolf: Thank you, Juan José. Good afternoon, everyone. On today's call, I'll start by providing some context around the board's decision to make the leadership changes that we announced earlier today, and then I'll turn the call over to Joe White to discuss our results for the quarter. In light of the company's disappointing financial performance and after careful consideration and analysis, the board determined that a change in leadership was necessary in order to drive profitability through operational improvements and other initiatives. The board believes that now is the right time to bring in new leadership to capitalize on Molina's incredibly strong franchise and the opportunities we see for sustained growth going forward. To be clear, these changes represent targeted and deliberate actions to enhance the company's focus and improve our competitive position within the industry. We're pleased to have someone with Joe's experience, institutional and industry knowledge capable of serving as our Interim President and CEO at this time. Joe has over 25 years of financial management experience in the healthcare industry, and served as Molina's Chief Accounting Officer since 2003. He has led the company's most recent operational improvement initiatives and is a widely respected leader both within the company and in the greater healthcare industry. Separately, I'm honored to have the opportunity to serve as Molina's Chairman and lend my experience to help guide the company forward. The board remains sharply focused on ensuring an orderly leadership transition and is commencing a search process for Molina's permanent CEO. In the meantime, we're grateful to have Joe at the helm. I would be remiss if I did not say the board appreciates Dr. Mario and John Molina's leadership and contributions for more than two decades, and looks forward to their continuing insights as directors. I want to assure you Molina's business remains strong. The company has an outstanding brand and franchise built over three decades, based on a focused commitment to mission. The board is committed to continuing this mission, achieving operational excellence and improving the company's financial performance on behalf of our shareholders, our more than 20,000 employees and our over 4 million members. We believe we can capitalize on Molina's strengths to build significant shareholder value. Now, let me turn the call over to Joe to review the quarter.
Dale B. Wolf: Hi, this is Dale Wolf. I think you're reading too much into any of those. They're unconnected. As Joe mentioned, we have affirmed guidance for the year. So it has nothing to do with that. It was merely a continuation of a process, of the board's evaluation of the road forward, and our sense that we were not keeping up with our competitors in terms of creating value for our shareholders. And that process obviously takes some time to work through and commentated in today's announcement. No more, no less.
Dale B. Wolf: I think it's premature to list out specifically. There's a lot of work to do both by new management and – with the oversight of the board in terms of what those areas of opportunity are, we have some thoughts based on experience, but they're merely that. And we will – this will fact-based and we will work with management of the company to identify those opportunities and communicate them when we can.
Dale B. Wolf: You asked a lot of questions in there, Josh. So I like to think that we considered all those factors and we do understand that there are a lot of RFPs coming up. I think those are pretty local market things, but we understand most of the other points you raised and it was just our sense that all things considered maybe not tomorrow or the next day, but this was the necessary and right thing to do for all of the constituencies of the company and not only the shareholders, but all the constituencies of the company.
Dale B. Wolf: As you might imagine, Josh, there was no way that it was appropriate for us to go and ask them what they thought about this and so we don't have any feedback, we didn't do that.
Dale B. Wolf: I think it's a little early to tell on that. Changes like this take a while to fit in with the company. I met with the leadership team of the company today to just assure them of the board's commitment to the future of this company and commitment to the mission, notwithstanding the need for operational and financial improvement. And one of the things we talked about is the communication that would be needed going forward with employees to say those kinds of things to them and make them feel comfortable and a lot of those people joined this company because of its mission or certainly stayed because of its mission. And it would be crazy to do anything different than that and we don't intend to, we just need to communicate that to people in a time like this. You can't over communicate.
Dale B. Wolf: The latter. We've got a lot of confidence in the franchise that's here and the potential of unlocking shareholder value and that's what we're set about to do including hiring a new CEO.
Dale B. Wolf: Ana, I haven't seen anything to suggest, and I think that I speak for the board, that we aren't big enough or not diverse enough to perform better than we have. And so until proven otherwise, I'm in the camp of it's just all about execution. Execution and paying attention to the day to day details of medical cost management, administrative expense control, and on, and on, and on. It's a great franchise. It's got great assets, and we just need to improve the results.
Dale B. Wolf: Exactly. So my response to that is not to get rid of the 10%, you lost 10% on it to make the 1% net margin better, and that's where we're headed.
Dale B. Wolf: My opinion, Sarah, is that really a lot of our initiatives related to medical management, yes, there are technology initiatives, we're finding and implementing ways to reduce the number of screens, for example utilization management and medical management personnel have to click through as they address the members' needs, a lot of it is training too, and a lot of it is leveraging best practices from one health plan to the next and making sure that the knowledge is disseminated throughout the company. So it's not purely an IT solution. I don't think we're going to need massive increases by any stretch of the imagination in our CapEx or anything like that. I think what we're going to do is try to focus harder on learnings from one part of the company and bring them to bear in other parts of the company.
Dale B. Wolf: Peter, I'm sorry for my voice. It's really concentrated in Florida, Illinois, New Mexico, Puerto Rico is coming up in 2018. So that's a little bit beyond a year. But that's – it's really Florida, Illinois, New Mexico, Puerto Rico and Texas.
Dale B. Wolf: Let me take the easy one first. No, I'm not. I actually have a full-time job today. I have a company in Florida, a private equity company that I run and that's where I live and that's what I'm going to keep doing. So no is the answer to the second question one. The first process is just getting started. We will be interviewing search firms over the next several weeks. We hope to have a search firm under contract within 30 days and then the process will be the process. I think that those who've been through this before would tell you that it might takes six months, that would be very disappointing to me. I hope to have it wrapped up well before that.
Dale B. Wolf: No, what we've essentially done is, we've confirmed guidance. We then added on to that the benefit of the Aetna-Humana break-up fee. And again, we haven't put any potential severance in there, so that's open. But no, I think what might be confusing you is guidance assumes a higher share count than is in our first quarter results. So that creates about a $0.03 difference between the $0.84 we reported in the benefit for the Aetna-Humana transaction this quarter based on first quarter share count, but for guidance share count it would only be $0.81.
Dale B. Wolf: Everything is on the table in terms of options. I think it would be a great benefit to have someone who is pretty damn familiar with the government business, Medicaid for sure and hopefully some Medicare. So you know how you do these things, we're going to look for best athlete, but part of best athlete is having the right sets of experience.
Dale B. Wolf: I think that somewhere in the middle, it's nothing we're prepared to share today, but while we're searching for a CEO this place isn't going to stand still. And the team here with interim leadership by Joe is going to be focused with the board on what we need to get going. And we're not going to wait for the new person to come, they will certainly be a big player in that, but we'll be working in the coming weeks and months on some of those initiatives directly.
Dale B. Wolf: So the reason for the delay in the shareholder meeting is that it is a requirement that all material information be in the hands of stockholders with sufficient time to evaluate and consider it before they cast their shares. So we therefore deemed it would have been inappropriate to hold the meeting tomorrow with this important news today, and that is entirely the basis of the one-week delay, it is to make sure we complied with that rule.
Dale B. Wolf: The information that we shared in the press release as to what was behind the board's thinking and what we've shared on that call today is exactly what we said it is and it's all we said and it's all there is to say. And so all of the things that you've suggested were never a part of that consideration.
Joseph W. White: Thank you, Dale, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Today, we reported net income per diluted share of $1.37 and adjusted net income per diluted share of $1.47 for the first quarter of 2017. This compares to net income per diluted share of $0.43 and adjusted net income per diluted share of $0.51 for the same period last year. First quarter results includes a $75 million pre-tax benefit from the receipt of our Aetna-Humana break-up fee. This break-up fee added $0.84 per share to both net income per diluted share and adjusted net income per diluted share for the quarter. Today's results which are consistent with our expectations represent a notable step forward for the company. Now, I want to speak to some of the line item details in the financial statement. Premium revenue increased over 15% in the first quarter of 2017 compared to the first quarter of 2016, while membership increased nearly 13% during the same period. We added more than 500,000 new members in the first quarter, most of whom are rolled into Marketplace. While we are still early in the year, we think that, as of today, both the operational and the financial performance of our Marketplace product is better than what we saw in 2016. Of course, just has been the case in previous years, we can expect our Marketplace enrollment to decline during the remainder of the year. Our medical care ratio in the first quarter of this year was 88.4% compared to 89.8% in the first quarter of 2016. This 140 basis point decline in the medical care ratio was a result of higher percentage margins in our Marketplace and Medicare products. Our consolidated medical margin measured in total dollars increased by more than 30% to $537 million this quarter when compared to the same period last year. Our general and administrative expense ratio increased to 8.9% for the quarter, a 110 basis point increase from the prior year. But as we outlined during our Investor Day presentation back in February, these results are in line with our expectations for the full year. As a reminder, we do not provide quarterly guidance. As we've said on past calls, we adjust guidance only when we believe that there is a material change to the business from what we have previously communicated. As we announced in today's press release, we have confirmed our previously issued guidance for full-year earnings per diluted share and adjusted earnings per diluted share, while also updating that guidance to reflect the break-up fee associated with the Aetna and Humana acquisitions as these were not included in our original outlook. It is important for me to reiterate that this change only adds the termination fee into our existing outlook and that we have not made any additional adjustments beyond that. Also, please note that our outlook does not include an estimate for severance charges associated with today's announcement. Looking beyond 2017, we continue to consider our options for marketplace participation in 2018. I think everyone is well aware of the variables in play here, funding of the cost sharing rebates for both 2017 and 2018, continuation and enforcement of the individual mandate and risks of adverse selection all create uncertainty around the future of the marketplace. We are currently evaluating all our options for marketplace participation in 2018. We expect to decide upon 2018 pricing, geographies and product offerings in the coming weeks. Finally, as of March 31, 2017, days and claims payable decreased sequentially by two days to 45 days and the company had unrestricted cash and investments of nearly $5.3 billion, including approximately $270 million at the parent company. While medical claims and benefits payable were flat between the fourth quarter of 2016 and the first quarter of 2017, amounts due government agencies increased by almost $375 million or slightly over 30%. This concludes our prepared remarks. Colin, we are now ready to take questions.
Joseph W. White: And Josh, it's Joe. I would just add we are feeling very confident about re-procurement of the various RFPs that are out there.
Joseph W. White: Sure, sure, A.J. You have your numbers reversed on the Marketplace PDR. We brought in $8 million of the $30 million PDR we booked at 12/31. So we have $22 million left. So there is an $8 million PDR reversal in the quarter.
Joseph W. White: In general, marketplace, as I said in my remarks, seems to be going better than it has in the past both operationally and financially. Unlike first quarter of 2016, first quarter of 2017 we didn't have a lot of unfavorable development of our estimates around risk adjustment, which was very welcome news. We feel like we're getting better setting those accruals. So in general, again, we're one quarter into the year, so I don't want to say too much. But so far, so good as far as marketplace for 2017. The Illinois situation, well, it's just one of those situations occasionally where in a given health plan, you have substantial unfavorable prior period development of claims. These are very complicated claims, often hospital claims that have extended back into 2016 and sometimes 2015. We feel like we gotten that cleaned up and feel like we're in pretty good shape going forward in Illinois, but it is about $20 million of unfavorable out-of-period development in Illinois this quarter for Medicaid, not Medicare.
Joseph W. White: Excuse me. Well, Scott, to be clear, it's Joe speaking, to be clear, we walked those numbers back a little bit at Investor Day. We don't necessarily think we said in Investor Day in February of this year, we don't think we can exit that in that range, that margin range for 2017. So that's already been on the table. There's no reason, based on our confirming guidance today, we haven't gotten worse, but again, we need to go back and revisit those numbers. And as we said at Investor Day in February, we'll be back to you when we're more confident with something.
Joseph W. White: No, it was just a marketplace issue. I mentioned that in total we only came down $8 million in our PDR for marketplace in the quarter, but we rearranged between states, and California actually took about a $25 million PDR benefit in this quarter. If you take marketplace out of California results, it ran in the mid-80s this quarter, which is a good quarter, but nothing extraordinary.
Joseph W. White: Well, to be clear, we've talked about over the last few years that premium increases for the TANF and CHIP business have been lagging what they need to be, have been lagging medical cost trend, and frankly, have been lagging other products. You're right that that $20 million unfavorable development in Illinois, that's predominantly TANF that has a huge impact on it. I would just say though, at a 93% MLR, I would say that TANF is borderline profitable.
Joseph W. White: Sarah, it's Joe speaking. I think the answer to your second question is yes, we do have more information on our members. There are a couple of things at play here. First of all, we retained, I think, 80% or so of our December 2016 membership coming into 2017. We obviously have huge lag up in understating the healthcare conditions of those members. We've also taken a number of initiatives to improve data capture on risk adjustment and member targeting and member risk assessment. I think to some degree our ability to better estimate our risk scores at the end of last year might be a reflection of having better data on our members. And I think carrying over into this year, we've seen improvement. It's not a tidal wave, it's not a landslide, it's a lot of hard work, crawling through data, looking for clues and learning how to engage members. But I think we're doing well at it. And I think come 2018, where we have the change in methodology and we're allowed to bring on pharmacy data in support of risk scores, we're going to get even better.
Joseph W. White: I don't have that (26:57), honestly, I got that number here, states that are up for rebid, probably about $700 million or $800 million of revenue, so $700 million or $800 million of revenue on our $18 billion – I'm sorry, 3.5%, sorry, doing this in my head, $3.5 billion to $4 billion of revenue on an $18 billion or $19 billion base.
Joseph W. White: I don't really look at it that way. As the year rolls out, obviously, we've got nine months, we've got nine months of PDR to focus on versus 12 months that we had at the beginning of January and we've gotten better insight into developments this quarter with the benefit of three months of experience. So no, I'm feeling pretty good about our PDR right now.
Joseph W. White: I think we're pretty tight on our reserve estimates, I don't think they're overly conservative if that's what you're asking. So no, I don't think there'll be a benefit when we settle up. I think we're pretty much spot on in terms of our estimates of 2016 risk adjustment right now.
Joseph W. White: Hi, it's Joe speaking. I think a better way to express that would be that funding of the CSR is almost certainly a requirement for our participation in the exchange. It doesn't make it this positive (35:59) that we would indeed participate, but it's difficult, it probably can be done, but it is difficult to price around the absence of a CSR.
Joseph W. White: I think that's a little – yeah, I think that's a little bit of a naïve reading of the letter, obviously, there is everything that goes into pricing from the rates to your provider network to competition to everything else. So I wouldn't read it in that light.
Joseph W. White: It's Joe speaking, couple of thoughts on that. First of all, in terms of Medicare, as you can see by the results we published today, we're having good progress, good success in terms of managing costs and improving margins in our Medicare products in general. So that's certainly a highlight. It is a long-term, the company does indeed wish to participate further in the Medicare market, that's going to be a deliberate and measured approach. And to how we do that is not going to be broad-brush, but it is company policy and company practice to engage in markets such as Medicare and we will do that again in a measured and deliberate way.
Joseph W. White: Ana, it's Joe speaking. First of all, I think it is a state-by-state effort. There are certainly certain centralized activities in terms of collecting data, collecting encounter information and there are a number of standard activities that go into getting the right rates for our members. But yes, I think it's fair to say that it is a state-by-state basis. As far as future funding in Medicaid, we as a company understand that government spending for Medicaid, whether federal or state, is going to be constrained more in future years and we're trying to build a company that is a low cost provider of care for just that reason.
