Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Sanjay, we, as I think you know, typically don't get into the specifics on pricing. But I would just remind you that Visa Europe, until recently had operated as an association and therefore had different motivation. So, we have said before that we think that there is real pricing opportunity as we look at Europe over the next number of years. And we've started to take some of that pricing and we'll continue to over time.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Well, thank you for giving us the opportunity to talk about India. I mean, we're very pleased with what's happening in India. The cash disbursement opportunity is great. I'd remind everybody that we are the market leader in India. We're well-positioned. We have greater than 50% share in India. We're continuing to grow at very healthy clips in 2018, and that's growing over very, very high growth in the prior year of 2017. Our total focus is on growth, and the enablers of that are driving acceptance and driving innovation in the market. We're scaling QR code acceptance. We're partnering with issuers on driving awareness and usage, and we're working with issuers on things like tokenization, contactless, and scan and pay (sic) [scan to pay]. There's no question that India is a market where there is a number of competitors who have come into the space, but it is also a market that is in very, very early stages of its maturation in payments. And we believe that having been in India now for over 30 years and our various capabilities that we are well-positioned to get more than our fair share of growth as India matures over the next years, and frankly, decade plus. So we feel very good about it.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Well, Dan, I'd say a couple things. I don't want to necessarily give away many, many details of our specific strategies. But, look, our business in – the business that we bought in Europe is obviously very concentrated in the UK and a few other markets and has 37 markets as we look at it in Europe. It's also largely what we inherited was actually a debit business. And so I think as we look at pivoting now off of the integration work that has been really dominating a lot of time and management attention over the last two years to really look at growth, I think that looking at other markets beyond the UK and France and Spain, and markets like the Nordics, markets like Germany, markets like Italy, and looking at moving beyond debit to credit are very high on our list. I think additionally, we think there's the possibility to pick up some processing capabilities, where – pick up some processing where our capabilities might be better and richer than some of the offerings in the markets around Europe today. I think as we think about some of our capabilities that we'll be able to deliver once we're fully migrated over to VisaNet and our ability to introduce the capabilities that exist on VisaNet ranging from risk capabilities to fraud capabilities to tokenization, et cetera, I think there's a great opportunity in the continent of Europe in various pockets to pick up volumes. So that's where I would say that we're looking at putting our investments, Dan.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Well, I'll let Vasant comment on the accretion. You know Tien-Tsin, we've looked at Brexit from any number of ways, and it's still unsure exactly where and how it's going to play out, as we all know, the politics in the UK right now is maybe not quite as interesting as the politics in the U.S., but it's awfully close. And how that's going to play out, who knows, but our view is that we don't see a lot of impact on our business from Brexit. We'll continue to look at it. We looked at it a number of times in depth, but we don't really see anything that concerns us there. Vasant, do you want to comment on the...
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: I'd say a couple of things and Vasant can add. As I look at our business, Dave, over the next number of years, a lot of our – the bulk of our growth is going to come overseas, and it's something we're putting a lot of time and attention to. And I personally spent a lot of my personal time overseas. And so, I think we're going to continue to see us invest in these markets, the cash opportunity – cash displacement opportunity is great. Some of the things we – just talking about Visa Direct and some of the use cases, the geographic expansion of Visa Direct into a number of these markets is going to be extremely helpful in driving volume, as well as some of the capabilities that we will continue to introduce in these markets that might be a little bit further along in some cases in the U.S. So it's going to continue to be – our aim is for it to continue to be a real source of growth.  You also had a question on the delta between the revenue growth and the constant dollar volume growth, yeah, it's a little harder for you from the outside to understand the drivers of that difference, and the three broad areas that can cause a difference: one as you pointed out is FX and that's clearly helped in the last few quarters and it helped more last quarter than it did this quarter. As you know, the dollar strengthened, so the FX benefit was greater last quarter on the international revenues than it is this quarter, but it was still a benefit. The second is mix. So I wouldn't underestimate the importance of mix, which corridors are growing does matter, some corridors are higher yielding than others. For example, our cross-border volume growth includes what we call intra-EU cross-border volume. Intra-EU cross-border volume, as you know, does not have economics very different than domestic volume within the EU; and therefore when that grows faster than let's say the rest of the cross-border business that can be a drag and vice versa. So mix is a factor, which is harder for you to see from the outside. And the third is of course pricing; and this quarter we had some benefit from pricing. So there's three different factors and they have a – they interplay with each other. You're right, as we get in the fourth quarter as the FX benefit moderates a bit, that won't help as much just as it helped less in the third quarter, but then there are the other factors to consider, too, like pricing and mix.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Well, I'll take the second part of your question. I think that – I don't want to be in the predicting business, but I will tell you this that we want to be making sure that cross-border is growing at as healthy of levels it possibly can and e-commerce is in fact an enabler to that. I think as long as – and in addition to that, as long as the economies of the world stayed strong and we're seeing people feel comfortable about traveling, that's certainly also going to greatly contribute to cross-border continuing to grow. It's an area of real emphasis for us and real emphasis for the work we do with our issuer. So it's an area of great focus, and we expect it to hold up.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Jim, we're not going to make forecast three to five years out on anything. I would say this though, that obviously we've been talking about Visa Direct for a little over a year or year-and-a-half now. We're actually starting to meaningfully see it in our numbers. You're continuing to hear us talk about it in bullish terms. I think it's important to emphasize that this is an operational capability that exists today. It's global. It's a capability that's attracting partners to us to try to talk about different use cases. Visa Direct is running on our VisaNet platform, and therefore has all the associated speed, security and scale that's associated with it. And VisaNet has the capability to provide a bunch of services that's a lot of other real-time payment networks don't, including things like dispute resolution, chargeback, risk and fraud tools. So when I look at the opportunity, what excites me about Visa Direct is: A, it's grounded in our core VisaNet platform, but it has multiple tentacles for growth, both geographic growth as well as growth in use cases and its – and segments. It's a capability that supports P2P, it supports B2C, it supports government to consumers, it supports small business to small business. So I think when you look at it as a capability that cuts across ability to grow via segments, grow via geography, grow via use case, it certainly is something, Jim, that we're excited about and continue to – and we'll continue to invest against.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: James, this is very early. It's not unusual at all for the regulators in the UK to be looking at any and all aspects of payments. This particular piece is focused on acquirers; it's not focused on Visa. And I think it's safe to say that we will be watching it closely, certainly providing whatever support we need to provide to acquirers as they address any queries from the PSR in the UK. But at the moment, again, this is just very early days and there's really nothing to report. There's no real clarity about what, if anything, they're specifically looking at. Sometimes these things open as just simple queries as to wanting to get information. And other times they result in action and sometimes they result in inaction, and we'll just got to watch this and see how it plays out, James.
Vasant M. Prabhu: On the data processing side, yeah, we did indicate to you, when we provided our outlook for this fiscal year, that the pricing this fiscal year would be in the second half of the year. So, most of the price increases around the world were effective April 1, and that's why you're seeing some of the impact starting this quarter. And we generally don't get into which region we took pricing in or how much and so on as you know.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yeah, a few other things to add in terms of the competitors. Clearly, with some of the players now becoming payment banks, it changes the nature of the relationship we can have with them. Payment banks can do issuance of debit cards and prepaid cards. But they're not allowed to issue credit cards, but they can use debit and prepaid. And a lot of people don't like to load wallets if they can just use a debit or prepaid card, far more convenient. So it's not – you shouldn't be surprised to see partnerships emerge with people that you might have thought of as competitors, because there's mutual benefit in that. There's also the opportunity to have acquiring licenses granted to some of the payment banks, which opens up a large amount of acceptance that has been built over time in a proprietary kind of way. Similarly, with some of the other entrants, what everybody is doing is essentially creating the pay electronically habit, which is good for all of us. The rising tide lifts all boats, so there's generally benefit as you can see that our business is also growing at a very healthy clip. So all in all, I mean, as Al said, it's very early days, and there would be a variety of new partnerships formed. We are talking to a whole range of players. And we would say you should stay tuned as things develop.
Vasant M. Prabhu: So two different questions. So on the first one, yes, the incentives coming in lower, a piece of it was clearly real reductions in incentives, i.e., incentives being lower than we expected. And that was because the incentive spend was not at levels – we make a bunch of assumptions when we do these things as to what we might need to do from an incentive standpoint. And in this case, that was a real reduction from what we expected, and therefore we are saying, for the full year for example, we now expect incentives as a percent of gross revenues to actually be at the low end of the range that we gave you last quarter, we narrowed the range this quarter, we're saying it will be at the low end of the range, because incentives are actually coming in lower than we had forecast when we gave you our outlook last year. So that's a real reduction, it's not a delay. In terms of the fourth quarter being high watermark, last year, the fourth quarter number was the high watermark, because we were doing this big conversion from rebates to incentives in Europe. And just based on historical trends in Europe, a lot of the deals bought down towards the end of our fiscal year. And so they were high in the fourth quarter. This year again, we will probably have incentives being higher as a percent of gross revenue in the fourth quarter. I don't think you should view that as some kind of seasonality, it's just a reflection of what happened in the past couple of years, and just there timing was for renewal of certain deals and exactly what was going on in Europe and so on. So, I don't think you should carry that forward as sort of something that would happen every year.
Vasant M. Prabhu: On the accretion side, as I indicated in the comments, we are at double-digits right now, so that's higher than what we thought we would achieve over a period of time. I think we said high single-digits over a four-year timeframe. So it's higher than what we expected, and it is faster. Some of it is driven by things – we were fairly conservative when we did the acquisition modeling. Certainly, we've had better outcomes on pricing, overall volume growths have been stronger than we expected. In addition to that, we were able to do the tax restructuring, and that created some real value. We've generally achieved all the other benefits we thought from a cost standpoint. So on all those fronts, things have performed better than we expected, and these are all very sustainable and will continue for sure. And as Al said, we see additional opportunity for yield improvement, and we will have some additional cost savings as we finish the technology integration. But as with everything else, once you get into a business you realize what other opportunities you have. So clearly, we'll be investing in some of the growth opportunities that Al talked about. We're clearly going to be beefing up, as Al has said before, resources that are more in market rather than based at our hub in London, and we'll be increasing our investment in driving some of the growth initiatives that Al mentioned. So things do change, but we did want to sort of give you a clean look at what our accretion was at the end of year, too, when it's still possible to cleanly look at what the business could have been without Visa Europe and is with Visa Europe. As you go further down the road, it gets muddier because things change. A lot of things change. But right now, at least, it's clean enough to give you a point of view.
Vasant M. Prabhu: It's very much and a very important use case of Visa Direct. I think the only reason Al didn't mention it is because he was talking about some of the newer use cases. There are four core use cases that are driving Visa Direct volumes today. Certainly P2P, you're all familiar with that, that's a big one. Disbursements, we've talked a lot about that Disbursements of all kinds – healthcare, the gig economy, and so on. Bill pay is the third and really important use case, that's well underway. We're enabling a variety of bill pay merchants right now through Visa Direct. And then the fourth is faster payments to merchants. These are things like services that acquirers are offering merchants where they can get money faster than waiting for the normal settlement schedule. So those are four use cases that are driving Visa Direct as we speak. What we were talking about was some of the newer use cases that are being enabled in the future.
Vasant M. Prabhu: So on your other question about the revenue growth trajectory, I'll just repeat two things that I mentioned in my earlier remarks. One was in the fourth quarter – in the third quarter we had FX exchange rate tailwind of 1.5 percentage points, so it added 1.5 points to our net revenue growth. If you just take today's exchange rates and given that the dollar really started to weaken in the fourth quarter of last year, the FX impact on net revenue growth is close to neutral. So you do have that one change. And then the other one you pointed out was incentives represent of gross revenue were 20.8% in Q3, and we said would be higher in the fourth quarter. So there are two factors that are different in the fourth quarter as we sit here today in terms of impacting the net revenue growth rate – the reported net revenue growth rate.
