Al Kelly: Thanks, Jamie. I don't really want to get caught up in this game of where we are in pricing. Pricing is something we look at in the business on a continual basis. And we will continue to do that around the globe and in Europe. And it's a lever that we're well aware of and will continue to pull as we think the value that we deliver is commensurate with that.
Al Kelly: Well, Japan is obviously a very exciting market and one where we are investing fairly heavily, given the fact that we're now, I guess, 15, 16, 17 months from the Tokyo Olympics and the government is using the Olympics as a platform to attempt to make sure that payments continue to grow and in fact, driving more payments to digital on a way from cash. So we are working with both the traditional banks and acquirers as well as new entrants there to try to embed ourselves into as many of the payment flows as we possibly can. We just did a deal with SMCC, one of the big acquirers there, where we're integrating cyber stores to help with build their capability that they offer to merchants relative to ecommerce and trying to improve reporting and reduce fraud. So it is – well, it was not a market I called out, it is certainly a market that we see a lot of potential in between now and the Olympic Games next July and August. But we also see Japan as a market that has an awful lot of downstream capability as well.
Al Kelly: I don't want to give away kind of specific plans by market. But I think that when we look at Europe, there's certainly a focus on trying to see where we can win a little bit more processing. In Europe, we're well established in the debit space, less well established in the credit space. So that's certainly an area of concentration for us. Fin-techs are very prevalent in Europe and Europe was, in fact, the first of the markets that we announced that we were going to get much more aggressive relative to fin-techs. Europe's a place that we're spending a lot of time thinking about transit. I mentioned transit in my remarks. I'm a huge believer and we're investing heavily behind transit and as you know, there's a very established rail and bus system throughout Europe, where transit, when people are commuting or using their product 10 times a week and that really builds the habit of using the card. So we're continuing to try to make sure that we're focusing on transit in several markets. I mentioned PSD2 and we're going to be coming out with a number of pilots of their different capabilities to help issuers throughout Europe who are kind of struggling with getting ready for meeting the requirements of PSD2 and we want to help them with capabilities to make that a bit easier for them. And then I would say Europe is a market where we're pushing hard on Visa Direct, and we see a lot of opportunity to build Visa Direct throughout Europe, particularly in some of the markets that are more inclined to move to digital. Europe's a mixed bag, you've got some countries that are still very, very heavily cash and then you've got some countries that are really have adapted digital. So those can be a number of the things Moshe that I would highlight as things that we're focused on in trying to drive volume, drive business and more volume in Europe.
Al Kelly: Look, we've been watching the whole crypto sets of developments around the world. And I think that this particular announcement with Coinbase, you get that some of the concerns that I think we've had and probably consumers have had, where not having the crypto tied to some kind of fee odd currency makes it challenging to figure out when to use it, when not to use it. And obviously it's difficult for merchants and there is not a lot of merchant acceptance. By Coinbase literally being able to, in this case, convert cryptocurrency to pound sterling in the UK. And then put whatever amount of pound sterling crypto now converted to pound sterling that people want on a Visa Debit Card allows a consumer to be able to use their Visa Debit Card anywhere Visa is accepted online or in a face to face situation. And they have the global acceptance of Visa and they understand exactly what they're paying for. So we'll see where it goes. We're intrigued because of the fact that it's a fairly large crypto player, looking at alternatives to have that crypto currency tied to an accepted market, currency. And that's what we find intriguing. And we'll continue to look for those opportunities around the world. To what degree this is a jumping off point, that other crypto players will copy, we’ll see.
Al Kelly: Yeah, it's an interesting quarter with FIS-Worldpay, Fiserv-First Data and then you didn't necessarily refer to it, but BB&T and SunTrust announced merger as well. Look, let me direct your point to Fiserv World Pay. Fiserv-First Data, FIS-Worldpay. We've got very good relationships and a lot of history with all four of these players. And I think in many ways them coming together provides greater -- a smaller number of high scale players that will help us be able to distribute our capabilities through their distribution network. And that's a good thing. Both of these combined companies are very interested in one of their thesis ease of combining is to grow their global footprint, which is good for the payment ecosystem, because in a number of markets, the reality is that there just aren't enough merchant acquirers or issuer processors. So I think that's a good thing. And they're looking for our help. I've spent a significant amount of time talking to the CEOs of these companies over the course of the last three weeks, and they're extremely anxious to work with Visa and to help -- get our help in making sure that they do everything they can to achieve the synergies, revenue and expense that they talked about as well as talking to us about plans and how they can continue to grow their business going forward. So I think this is a good thing. And we're going to build upon the relationships that we have and help them. Since I brought it up, I’ll comment quickly on BB&T and SunTrust, obviously still similarly, they've got to get through all of the approval processes, et cetera. We've enjoyed a good relationship with both institutions, BB&T is much more heavily a Visa bank, SunTrust more of a MasterCard bank. We expect to continue to do everything we can to serve both of them as clients, while they're still individual companies and we're going to do everything we can to obviously push to be their payments partner as they merge.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah, I think it's a couple of things again to highlight, which I mentioned in my comments. First of all, we make estimates about what incentives are going to be. And it's based on certain ideas on how things will renew and certain programs. We have that we often use incentives to get faster adoption of. Sometimes, we might provide incentives for contactless penetration, et cetera. So one of the reasons incentives is lower is permanent, which is why for the full year now, it will be at the low end of our range of 22 to 23. That's because some of these have come in lower than we expected. So, those are reductions and not delays. Yes, there are some low volumes in some markets. In terms of deals, as Al said, I mean, the second half has more of the larger deals that are likely to be, they're all going well and we expect them to be executed in the second half when the incentives get recognized. We had TFB as a win and that's the second half impact. We also have potentially another early renewal of a very large account that was not contemplated. But we're delighted to have early renewal and that will be a second half impact. So you should assume that our second half will be very much along the lines of what we told you, it will be in that range of 22% to 23% as a percent of gross revenues, and for the full year, it will be at the low end of that range.
Vasant Prabhu: No. I think it’s important that people understand those delta. So let me give you a few things to help you with that. The biggest reason why revenue grew 11% last quarter, and is growing 3% this quarter, the biggest swing is the year-over-year impact of changes in currency volatility and their impact on our Treasury revenues. So Q1 this year, currency volatility was, in Q1, it was a significant tailwind for revenue growth on the international revenue line, because last year was a low volatility year in the first quarter, the currency volatility was, let's say, below the five year median. Due to this year, volatility was a significant headwind because volatility last year actually was quite high, above the five year median. So volatility this year was a little lower in the second quarter than the first quarter. But the comparisons to last year were quite significantly different. It went from being a tailwind to a headwind. That's one thing. The second thing is exchange rates are a drag on both quarters, but a larger drag on the second quarter. If you remember, Q2 last year was the high point for the strong dollar, so on a year-over-year comparative basis, exchange rates are a headwind in the first quarter but a bigger headwind in the second quarter. The pricing benefit is essentially the same between both quarters, we had a slight mix benefit in the second quarter because our intra EU volumes were growing slower than intra EU cross border volumes are growing slower than cross border volumes elsewhere. Another way to sort of simplify this for you and wash out some of these quarter-over-quarter things, is to sort of look at a two year stacked growth rate, which tells you that, not a whole lot has changed between the two quarters. So if you add the growth rate in Q1 last year, and the growth rate in Q1 this year in revenues, the stacked growth rate is 23%. If you look at our growth rate last year in revenues, on international revenues, and this year, and add the two in the second quarter, it's 22%. And when you do that kind of thing, it sort of washes out some of the quarter-over-quarter comparisons. So, that's where some of the noise is, there's no great change in the nature of the business. It’s just these sort of year-over-year changes in a couple of different variables. One last thing I would give you is, last year, our volumes grew 10% in the first half roughly and our international revenues grew about 15%. The entire delta was an exchange rate tailwind because the rest of it was a wash. This year, our volumes grew between 5.5% and 6% in the first half, our revenue grew about 7%. In this case, most of the pricing is offset by FX drag. And the reason revenues are growing a little better than volumes is because the mix is a little better. So hopefully, this demystifies some of it. I know it's hard for you to figure all that from the outside, but the underlying trends are basically -- there's not a lot of confusion there. It's just some of these comparatives that are driving it.
Vasant Prabhu: Well, B2B Connect, as you know, is based on a distributor ledger technology. So we are leveraging distributor ledgers already in the B2B space and B2B Connect is now ready for launch. It has got all the necessary approvals, it's got partners lined up, banks lined up, hopefully, when we talk again, B2B Connect will be live. We talked to everybody in the space. As you know, I mean, as Al said earlier, we’re the network, we facilitate movement of processing transactions for anybody, we try not to pick winners and losers. And so we're quite open to partnering with all new models, not really figuring out ahead of time what's going to work or not. And we talked to all players, including people who want to use distributor ledger type technologies to do what they're trying to do.
Vasant Prabhu: No. I think, I mean, the simple answer to your question is, we view P2P cross border and B2B cross border as significant, let's call it, expansion and new payment flow opportunities. And we're already in the business. You've heard us talk a lot about remittances in the last few calls, this call we talked about Remitly. We've talked about MoneyGram before, there are more in the works. The attraction we offer in remittances, for example, which is already a big business, is that we address KYC, AML and sanctions related issues on a real time basis, in addition to being far more convenient, and far more secure than an agent based approach to it. As Al said, I mean, Visa Direct is a big component to B2B also. Visa Direct is already in the business of facilitating B2B payments and B2B Connect then takes that to larger corporates and larger businesses on a global basis, as Visa Direct deals with it on a cross border -- provides cross border solutions for small and medium sized businesses. So this is clearly a central element of our future growth plans.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah. The first was pricing. So the way pricing works in the second half is, it will mostly impact the service revenue line and the international transactions line. Last year's pricing was most impactful on the data processing line. So we will start to lap pricing from last year. So you lose some of the benefit from the FY18 pricing, you get the benefit from the FY19 pricing, it's a little bit of a wash in the third quarter because you don't get a full quarter of FY19 pricing just based on some of the timing. It is a small net benefit in the fourth quarter. The pricing going in has a more positive impact than the pricing that is now being lapped. So that's sort of the best way to describe pricing. The second question was exchange rates, exchange rates, I mean, if you track where things are, I mean typically what we do, I mean, we don't know how to forecast rates any better than you can. But we do use forward curves and it's always what we've used for want of anything better. You can use spot rates or forward curves and you're going to be wrong both ways. So you should just assume we’ve used forward curves, and on that basis, and again, the forward curves are not the reason necessarily why the FX impact is better in the fourth quarter. It's better mostly because last year, the dollar really started to weaken in the fourth quarter. I'm sorry, the dollar really started to weaken in the fourth quarter. So the comparisons become a little easier. So that's how we get to sort of a 200 basis point net revenue and 300 basis point EPS impact in the third quarter and meaningfully lower impact in the fourth quarter. And then the last question is around -- yeah, look, I think, the impact of Easter is not that easy to quantify. I mean, we do the best we can. And, we've given you sort of our best estimates, I think you should assume that there is some impact of Easter on the first three weeks. And regardless of what the Easter impact is, as we’ve cautioned you, every time we give you these three week numbers is that three weeks don't make a trend. So you should just handle with care, as we say the three week numbers.
Vasant Prabhu: Well, as we said in the comments, when we talked to you last quarter, the trend was changing. And we told you we don't know if the trend is going to get worse, stay the same, get better. I think we can tell you that based on what we saw through the quarter, it definitely stabilized and definitely improved through the quarter. And, while there's some Easter impact, it looks to have improved again in April. So, I guess the verdict on where the cross border trend is, it's definitely stabilized and is improving. Whether it improves a lot or is roughly in this range, again, we can’t give you that kind of thing. We’ve assumed in the third quarter that the growth rate will be somewhat better than the second quarter, because we saw this improving trend.
