Jack Carsky: Thanks Nib. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Visa Inc.'s fiscal first quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Charlie Scharf, Visa's Chief Executive Officer; and Vasant Prabhu, Visa Inc.'s Chief Financial Officer. This call is currently being webcast over the Internet and is accessible on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.investor.visa.com. A replay of the webcast will be archived on our site for the 90 days. A PowerPoint deck containing the financial and statistical highlights of today's call have been posted to our IR website as well. Let me also remind you that these presentations may include forward-looking statements. These statements aren't guarantees of future performance and our actual results could materially differ as a result of a variety of factors. Additional information concerning those factors is available in our most recent reports on Forms 10-K and Q, which you can find on the SEC's website in the Investor Relations section of our website. For historical non-GAAP or pro forma-related financial information disclosed in this call, the related GAAP measures and other information required by Reg G of the SEC are available in the financial and statistical summary accompanying today's press release. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Charlie.
Jack Carsky: Thanks, Vasant. Sam, at this time, we're ready to start the Q&A. And I'd remind everybody if they could please keep their questions to a single question and then queue back up so that more folks are able to get on the call.
Jack Carsky: And with that, we would like to thank everybody for joining us today. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to give either myself or Victoria a call. Take care.
Charlie Scharf: Well, I think the business is competitive and I always remind everyone that our business has been competitive since the day we went public. We and Master Card evolved our structures roughly the same period of time. We compete in the marketplace every single day. And that has been a very consistent way of doing business. Domestically, across the world there are local networks that we compete with. And there are emerging global competitors such as Chinese Union Pay in the traditional space as well as a series of people in the eCom whose names you know that we continue to compete with. I think when we think about what we have at Visa in the quality of the network, the safety, the security, the global acceptance and now the capabilities that we built in the world of digital commerce and the value-added services, we feel terrific about our ability to continue to compete. And we're very, very clear that we know that we have to continue to add value to transactions that run over our network in order to sustain the kind of margins that make this such an attractive business. And we think that there are couple of us with us leading the pack who are uniquely qualified to do that. And so those views I think are very consistent with where they were last quarter, last year and a couple of years ago.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. So let me take a stab at it and then Vasant you can add anything you want to add. I think so first of all, it's us who want to want to be really just clear for a second is we are not building a business which is consumer direct and we're not building a business which is merchant direct. There are occasional times when we will do something directly with the consumer or directly with the merchant, but it's in a way that's of course a four-party model in a way that we believe is ultimately good for issuers and acquires. We're just acting as a facilitator. So we still very, very much believe that the model that we have is an amazing model and we continue to most of what we do to work through those people. But the fact is we are consumer brand and we have a role that we've got to play there. When it comes to the comments on expenses, I think -- I guess what you should take away is that nothing that we have done when it comes to re-phasing, delaying or reducing any of the expense dollars that we contemplated in our minds relate to anything, which is going to help build the business for the future. If you ask us, are we as efficient as we should be? Are we spending every last dollar wisely across the place? The answer is no and the answer is still no today. And so what this environment does is it gives us the ability to take a harder look at where we're not as efficient as we should be and attack those dollars. So we've not cut back on anything that relates to building or digital business. The APIs and SDKs that are part of the developer center, the things that we're doing on behalf of merchants, the things that we're doing on behalf of issuers to build our consulting services. We're still very, very committed to building that and as we think about what this environment does is, it's just creating extra focus for us. We certainly don't think that the slowdown that we're seeing that's affecting the business is something that changes the business model for the long term. So we're not going to change the things that we think build the business for a long term as we said here.
Charlie Scharf: Yeah, let me -- let me do the first one first. I’m not going to talk about any specific company. What I will say is that we love partnering with people that we think are good for the payment system and preserve our client's roles and our role in the ecosystem and there are many examples around the world of people that we partner with in ordered to do that. There are also some examples of people that don’t do that and people that generate business for us in the short term whose business model is built around dis-intermediating us eventually and our clients is not something that we like, not something that we support and not something that we're just going to sit ideally by and watch. Our first preference is to figure out how to work differently with those people. Those are the active conversations that we're engaged in. If we can't get to a predicted conclusion there are a lot of things at our disposal that we can do which we have not done, which will enable us we believe to compete in a very clear and very direct way in a way that’s a level playing field for everyone. And so our first preference is to figure out how to partner with people, but if that doesn’t work out then we will compete directly with them and that will evolve in the near future and so more to come on that and the second question was around… I guess the question was there are people like Braintree out there whose services help enable mobile commerce and what’s our response to that and on this one, our response is multiple on multiple fronts. First of all we have a great business in cyber source where we also own a business called authorize.net that deals with smaller merchants and helps enable smaller merchants to accept online payment. That business is focused both in the browser space, but also in the mobile space and we've just made a series of changes internally with some leadership changes that we're very excited about to help reenergize the business there and to be in a position to compete. We also made an investment in Strip and work very closely with them and we think they’re just extremely talented people who are almost solely focused on the mobile space and enabling mobile commerce in a way that’s very friendly to us and we're excited to continue to help them build their business globally.
Charlie Scharf: Yeah, so the sales cycle -- honestly the sales cycle varies dramatically with the priorities that the individual merchants have and obviously the more continuing success that we have changes that sales cycle as well. When we're able to quote the kind of numbers that we're able to quote on comScore for what it actually does to merchant sites and the merchants themselves and actually share those experiences, nothing changes the sales discussion more than that. And so I think it's fair to say when we first started these discussions. It could be six to nine months in terms of a calling process if not longer. I'll tell you I saw a note today on the way down here that we got an incoming call from a sizable merchant, which was very surprising to me saying that they would like to implement Visa Checkout. So it really is -- the game is changing, but we also in our minds we know, this is merchant by merchants, it’s a long term build and we just have to continue to show the kinds of progress that we're seeing with these -- about the numbers of merchants and the size of merchants. The implementation piece -- I hear what it was, but its dramatically quicker and easier for merchants to implement. If they can fit us into their queue it's literally weeks at this point as opposed to when we had the first incarnation it was multiple months. So the real issue is just making sure they understand why it's good for them and just having a merchant decide that its priority for them and that’s what we're starting to see.
Charlie Scharf: I think it’s a good question. I think and I think there are couple of different things going on. I think first of all part of what you're seeing in the evolving relationships that banks have with the networks not just in the U.S. but around the world is as the years past, since we have transitioned from association to public company, networks are kind of sorting out their point -- I am sorry, banks are sorting out their point of views on networks and what they want those relationships to look like. And so what you start to see now is at the same time payments evolving very, very rapidly driven mostly by digital, but by -- but I think also as importantly, the payments businesses broadly including the debit card business and the credit card businesses are now very much a part of what a bank does and why they think about their entire relationships as opposed to five, six , seven, eight years ago we were transitioning from the majority of the business being done on the credit side by standalone companies. So all a sudden being integrated into a bank, but still being run separately. So as they combined these businesses and really run them as an integrated business they're now thinking about how they need to have a partnership with a payment network, which is much more strategic as opposed to just a third party provider services. So what you're seeing is you're seeing longer term contracts whether its people used to do one and two year contracts and now you've seen us do three, five, seven and 10 in some cases and that’s because it’s a -- it is a different kind of relationship. I think the other thing that’s going on in the marketplace is you start to see especially here in the United States banks have become very, very good at understanding the different segments, the different opportunities that they have to use payment products to serve their clients and they're able to compete with the like of other names out there that they didn’t necessarily focus on before and are having great success in that. And when you have success, it gives you confidence to go get more aggressive in some of these co brands and some of these other things that you see. So, what we want to do is to be the payment partner of choice, to be the one that helps them think strategically as well as to be the best actual provider of network services and you're seeing people make choices relative to who their network partners is and what that means for the aggressiveness in the marketplace is it’s a more competitive marketplace. But again to me that's something we’ve seen it increasing over a period of time and it's because there are people -- there are more people that have better abilities in the payments space today than there were three years ago, five years ago or 10 years ago.
Charlie Scharf: Yeah, listen this whole concept of guidance is it’s a very strange thing right because you're asking us what we think our volumes will be next quarter, the quarter after that and the quarter after that? And we know a little more than you know, not a whole lot more. So asking people to give procession in terms of what’s going to happen effectively to the dollar, consumer conference, things like that. We really don’t know. So, what we try and to do is be as transparent as we can about what do know. And we recognize that it's hard sometimes to figure out what a trend is and it's hard to know what the triggers will be to either seen an uptick or downtick. So we try to be very clear in our remarks that we’re not changing guidance, but if we don’t see improvement then the guidance will come under pressure.
Charlie Scharf: Just to give you a little sense. We were looking earlier in detail at the cross-board spend and if you look at -- look over a much longer period of time when you go back to when our cross-border growth was in the low double-digits versus where it is today and say where is -- what’s the biggest effect? Almost something like 75% or 80% of that effect is -- the reduction is from sales wired in the U.S. So it’s the drop in spending of non-U.S. cardholders in the United States. Just -- it’s a very, very dramatic, very clear, very specific item predominately driven by the dollar, not totally, but predominately driven by the dollar and it moves quickly on the way down and at some point it could quickly change the other way as well we just don't know when.
Charlie Scharf: And the only thing I would add is that we're going through the initial discussions with our colleagues at Visa Europe and so obviously after we close the transaction, we'll go with full fledged integration. And that just is an opportunity to help us focus on efficiency in general and just to repeat what we said is that we still are believers that the underlying trends in the business are extraordinarily strong that there are places that commerce is moving to and we're building the appropriate solutions that will enable us to be as successful in the digital world and the physical world and we're very committed to continue to invest in that space. But remember we are a very young for-profit company. It wasn’t that long that we were an association and so opportunities to focus internally and to get smart about where you're spending your dollars to ensure that they're going towards the future and towards client-driven things is a good thing and that's our focus as we talk about the allocation of our resources.
Charlie Scharf: The only thing I'll say is to add on that is we have and well, I guess I will say this way, if you look at our actions on the debt offer, we issued the debt in December well ahead of what we expect to be the closing day because we looked at what we thought the right long-term economic decision was as opposed to what the negative effect would be this quarter and next quarter. And so when it comes to buybacks, it's the same economic discussion and obviously depending on the size, depending on how you want to accelerate there are different cost to do those things and we think about that in terms of what the right thing for us to do is.
Charlie Scharf: The only thing I would add, let me, to your point Vasant is we tried -- we feel like we've got a much better line of sight obviously to the next quarter. So we try to be as clear as we can there and as we get to the end of the next quarter, at that point we should -- we should have a much more definitive point of view on what the year looks like as well as the impact of what the year will be at that point in time.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, there is no update on those things. They're all proceeding on plan and they were in our guidance.
Vasant Prabhu: And the only other thing I would add is we've said that the expense growth rate will be back in the mid single digits in the second quarters. And as Charlie said, there is nothing we've done to date that does anything in terms of either the funding or the pacing of critical initiative whether that's Visa Checkout, Visa Direct is token service, all the critical initiative. Times like these are a good opportunity to take a hard look at -- is every dollar well spend and prioritized once again. And we took some time to do that in the first quarter and in the second quarter, the expense growth rate will be back in the mid single digits. And we'll keep monitoring the external situation.
Vasant Prabhu: I’ll just jumping on your first question. The thing to point out is if you look at international payment volumes as we said in our comments, in constant dollars they were actually up 14%. So it's still incredibly healthy growth and then in nominal terms, it comes down to zero. If you can see what an huge impact exchange rates have had and U.S. payment volumes both credit and debit if you adjust for conversion and GAAP have been remarkably stable. So that’s what makes us optimistic about the long term. In the short run as Charlie said there is two issues, it's the strong dollar is hurting commerce into the U.S. which is a very sizable business for us and has been a big drag now for multiple years. The dollar also affects translation. You saw that from 14% constant dollar growth to zero it's huge. And the cross-border trends, clearly are being hurt by both the strong dollar as well as what’s happening in commodity markets China etcetera. So, we feel these as not really reflecting the long-term trends in our business and so we really don’t want to change anything in terms of our long-term profile of investment, but we are also mindful of the fact that the new few quarters we will face the same pressures. So all we're really doing is being prudent and prioritizing, they are not fundamentally changing anything in our investment posture and I guess the next question was on Visa Checkout numbers. I think you provided some in your comments.
Vasant Prabhu: I think what we're seeing is a very stable U.S. consumer environment. If you look at multiple quarters all the way through last year and into this year and you adjust for as we said conversions and gas prices it's in very stable for any question marks about whether the benefits from gas prices floating into. We've seen a little bit of that on the debit side as we said that earlier. Yes, there is a small benefit as you look at January from the impact of gas prices declining, but gas prices are still below where they were last year. So we had a two percentage point impact on debit one on credit that will moderate, but won’t go away completely. So most of it we would ascribe to that. Wouldn’t read too much into three weeks of January, we then had some awful weather in the last few weeks, last few days and that definitely will affect some of the commerce. But overall I don’t think there is a whole lot more we have to add than what Charlie gave you in terms of holiday spend shift to commerce channels. I don't know if there is anything else you could add.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah and I think if you want to know what could offset, we told you that we saw some additional factors that were causing deceleration in cross-border trends and that was really two main things that was travel out of China and it was travel out of oil linked economies. What could cause -- what is the most significant variable that could cause trends to change in a positive way do we know what's going to happen? We don’t, but it’s the dollar. If the dollar begins to show some signs of weakness clearly it has a big impact on our business not immediately, but over time on two fronts. One the translation impact, which you can all estimate, but then there is the other impact, which will play out over time which is, commerce into the U.S., which is a big part of our business. And then in the second half certainly Europe will be part of Visa and the travel into Europe has been better than travel into other geographies. So hopefully, that will help us and some of that we knew going into the other end and giving some of our perspectives we incorporate some of that.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah I think you can see some of this from things that we might put out through our economics, but there is clearly this, you can see the subdued activity in oil, oil related states and the West is doing better in aggregate then other parts of the country. But other than that I don’t think there is anything we would tell you that is not available from other sources of data that you see. The other question was on the cost side. What we said earlier was cost related to technology initiatives that are critical to product development for the future, cyber security, those have a long-term -- we have a long-term perspective on that and there really is no change in our posture on those things. It's on the margin where we can tighten the belt on things that maybe somewhat more discretionary and you could do them later or you could do them now and there comes a point where you criminally don't want to cut below a certain level. So we're being very prudent. We see many of these as transient and cyclical kinds of things with some strong underlying trend. So we see no reason to change our posture on our long-term investment outlook.
Vasant Prabhu: I believe on the second question no, we don't -- we don't provide that. In terms of buyback if you calibrate the buybacks, as you know our buybacks have always been more problematic than opportunistic, but within the programmatic buyback, you've seen us calibrate up or down depending on market conditions and assessment of valuations and so on. So yes, there are opportunities to speed it up if we want to, but I think our best expectation remains what we told you earlier, which is that our goal is to buyback or offset the dilution caused by the issuance of the preferred stock by the end of fiscal year 2017? The pace in which we do that whether it's more in some quarters, less in others, I am sure will calibrate as each quarter comes by.
Vasant Prabhu: Our planned incentive as I mentioned in my comments, some of the reason they were lower than we expected, they were in the middle of the range rather than the high end of the range. So it was a small difference. Partially it was volumes because our international volumes were lower and so you get a reduction in incentive payments as a result of lower volume and it was only partially because of delays and some of those yes, they will move into the second quarter and so you should expect that the second quarter time incentive range will not look a whole lot different than the first quarter, but these are small shifts. These are not big shifts. And I tuned at after the first quarter. What was the second question.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, I think you can probably run those numbers as well as we can. Cross-border the international revenues are roughly 20% of our revenue base and they're about 6% now and maybe there was an expectation that it would be somewhat better in the second half as we lap easier comparison. You can sort of look at it if it stays at these levels what -- we wouldn't do anything that would be wrong for the long term in our business. As we said, we will continue to look at phasing and prioritizing expenses while investing in things that matter. So I think we're suggesting that we can offset all revenue shortfalls that might emerge and it is too early really to tell you how the second half might shape. As you know, when we get to the second half, the comparisons do get somewhat easier. So we'll have to see how that plays out. We'll have to see what the dollar is doing at that point. Lots of unknown. We've given you our best sense of the next quarter. It looks to be very similar to what we saw in the first quarter and that's about as good as…
