Joseph W. Saunders: Well, this is Joe Saunders. We implemented that on April 1, so there hasn't been any reaction because I don't believe the fee has been billed to anyone yet. Although [ph], there hasn't been a lot of reaction to it. It is part of our -- the total structure we've put to deal with the Durbin regulation. We are not making money per se off of that fee. The combination of discounts and incentives that we have put together, I think, actually relate in a modest loss in the amount of $100 million a year. So we aren't doing this with the intent of raising prices. I don't think that -- well, I don't -- I know that we haven't had any difficulties in getting the structure going, so I think we'll have to wait and see how everything works out.
Joseph W. Saunders: As it relates to the strategies that we've implemented, we just implemented them. I don't have any desire to change what we've done. But we put these in place in anticipation of an environment, and we'll look at them and we'll monitor them and we'll change them if it's appropriate to change them. Otherwise, we'll continue down the path. I think that it would be safe to say that we were more successful in dealing with the -- our relationships going forward and we could have projected in the past. So we'll just have to look at everything and take it all into consideration and we'll do what's appropriate. Once again, though, I mean, I feel that the guidance projections that we've made for 2012 and 2013 are safe to support in almost any environment of things that might or might not happen.
Joseph W. Saunders: Let me just follow up on that and make perfectly clear one thing. And that is that we are never going to regain all of the market share that we had in the debit card business. Nothing that we say or none of our strategies suggest that, that will happen or could happen or -- and nothing that we've done or thought about or said anticipates that it will happen. The environment has changed by regulation. We're operating in a different world, and we're going to live forever with less share than we once had.
Joseph W. Saunders: That -- the Department of Justice is certainly included in what I said, but it will include a lot more than that. But yes, absolutely certain.
Joseph W. Saunders: I mean, I don't know how to get into that specifically. You’re asked general questions about what you're doing to react to the legislation, and it's the Antitrust Division of the Justice Department. So obviously, they must have a concern that we were doing things that might undermine that and -- but I don't really want to go any further. I mean, I'm not them, and I can't say that. We have talked to them. We provide information to them. And we have obviously very seriously considered various things that may or may not happen, and we've taken it into consideration and in our guidance.
Joseph W. Saunders: Yes. On the consumer side, I mentioned in my comments the extension of our partnerships with a number of financial institutions that represent a significant portion of our volume. I mentioned the United-Continental arrangement, which is going to deliver new volume to us. I mentioned signing other financial institutions that we have done less business with in the past. I mentioned Alaska Airlines. And so the trajectory of what we're doing, we're very happy with, and we're very bullish about it. We're very pleased that this is happening at this opportune time.
Joseph W. Saunders: The –- [indiscernible] you suggest wasn't started until April 14 and isn't fully implemented and won't be for several weeks.
Joseph W. Saunders: It's hard to be a totally specific about it. I think that, that has leveled off, and we continue to look at modest growth. But right now, I would attribute the majority of it to the removal of all the rewards programs. I mean, there virtually are no rewards programs associated with debit cards anymore. And those programs did drive volume. And a de-emphasis in marketing these programs by the financial institutions. It's a combination of those 2 things that had an effect on it. There were some small pockets of cards that were put out that never had a PIN capability, and the regulation requires that, that change. And so people that simply couldn't use the PIN numbers, can now. Yes, it -- a combination of those 3 things, in our opinion, at this point in time is pretty much what's going on in the Signature business.
Joseph W. Saunders: And as -- just as a reminder, the transaction loss in Interlink is coming from a business that a year ago generated 2.8% of our global revenue and last quarter generated 2% of our global revenue. It gives you an idea of the notion that there are different yields upon different types of payment volume.
Joseph W. Saunders: Yes. You should also think about the fact that the advertising we do in the third and the fourth quarter supports the programs that many of our financial institutions initiate around the Olympics with Olympic theme cards, and that those initiatives generate more particularly credit card volume, which is the reason that we do this. We have, I think, almost -- on a global basis almost 3x as many financial institutions participating in promotions this year as we did 4 years ago.
Joseph W. Saunders: The increase in processing on VisaNet in Brazil has a -- does have an effect on our yield because we're going to be receiving revenues for transactions going over VisaNet that we didn't before. It's going to ramp up over a period of time. I don't think that we're in position right now to tell you how that's going to affect our global yields or our global -- or even our global revenues in the short run. We're very excited about it because it puts us in a position in Brazil similar to the United States where not only are we going to be processing more transactions but we will be able to deliver other revenue generating services. And I think that you'll begin to see that manifest itself in our 2013 projection.
Joseph W. Saunders: As it relates to V.me, we will have -- certainly have some advertising in that. But the advertising that we will do will be in conjunction with merchants that are coming on to the network and through financial institutions to encourage their customers to enroll. So I guess in that regard, it would be soft here, and, I guess, you mean [ph] national TV advertising in the fourth quarter.
Byron H. Pollitt: Yes, yes. Let me start with the second one, Tien-Tsin. So there has been a mix change. If you look at the payment volume growth, nominally it's 11%. And our service fee growth was 13%. So if I look at it that way, roughly 1% of the -- or roughly half of the increase has been a boost in yield because of the lower mix of Interlink transactions, as I think you were referring to, and the -- our hedging actually produced another percentage point of gain and the rest, I would say, is noise.
Byron H. Pollitt: You have everything right except the PIN piece. The -- you're right, the -- it's going to take 4 quarters to annualize. So when we referred to a positive trajectory, what we meant by that was the impact of payment volume on lag year-over-year will have its greatest impact in Q3. We would then expect continued negative comparisons through -- until we annualized but at an increasingly less negative rate as we progress through the 4 quarters. That would also be true for debit-related transactions. So PV and transactions.
Byron H. Pollitt: No, you shouldn't. We are a committed management team to returning excess cash to shareholders. I think if you take a -- and so -- and we remain committed to that. If you would take a step back, we had a very large, in our view, very large share repurchase in the first quarter. And so we time our purchases over the course of the year, looking for both opportunities to do that at attractive pricing but also, in the case of the first quarter, being responsive to an opportunity to put a significant increment of cash into the escrow account. So I think if you take a step back year-to-date, we're all -- we've already made sizable repurchases, and you can count on us to continue to return excess cash not just for this year but years to come.
Byron H. Pollitt: I'm not sure what else to add other than every 4 years, we have a particularly attractive opportunity to put significant media into 2 quarters, which is the third and the fourth. And knowing that, that was the feature of what we want to emphasize this year, we kept -- we phased our marketing in the first 2 quarters in order to accommodate that. We will reset marketing from a bottoms up standpoint beginning next year and, in October, give you a sense of what that will look like.
Byron H. Pollitt: Yes, our business is still largely driven by the consumer side for sure. The commercial side is growing at good rates. We are very encouraged by the numbers being posted on the commercial side because we think, first and foremost, that's a healthy barometer with regards to how businesses are doing and the continuity in the kind of payment volume growth we're seeing, particularly in credit. And if you take a look at the cross border, which is probably our most important leading indicator, the cross-border trends in both consumer retail as well as commercial are very strong. And so within -- and that is one of the indicators we look to when we put out our guidance, and one of the inputs that gave us confidence to raise our guidance for the year.
Byron H. Pollitt: Yes, it -- so my commentary on transactions was for debit, specifically, in aggregate. The -- what I think what will become increasingly important as we look at processed transactions is U.S. credit. And then, separately, what are we doing in the Rest of the World. And I think we indicated that we have very, very vibrant transaction growth rates in U.S. credit as -- and in Rest of World. And with regards to yield, we'll give this -- there is definitely going to be some disconnects in the way that you're -- that you look at this from a modeling standpoint because the -- I think one of the -- you heard this earlier. One of the natural effects of pulling out Interlink transactions is -- since it only affects the DP line, there will be a natural drop just because it will be generating last DP fees. But it's also removing payment volume for which there are no service fees. So that will actually boost the service fee yield on the transactions that remain. And we will give some thought as to how to talk about that with you all by the next earnings call to help sort that out. And if that weren't enough, we're going to take the -- I think we've already mentioned we're going to take the fixed acquiring network fee. And we're -- for the most part, that will appear in data processing as a line item. So we have some work to do to make this more transparent with regards to what will happen to those lines, what we think will happen to those lines. And we'll plan that for next quarter's earnings call.
Byron H. Pollitt: Yes, we don't typically provide that. But you are absolutely right. There is a considerable amount of promotional activity done with our banking partners, which has actually -- some of which actually started in our second fiscal quarter. It really ramps during the third quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, you have the last of the broadcast media that is fairly intensive around the Olympics themselves. So to be helpful here, we are holding -- we've said we are holding to our existing marketing guidance so that you have an order of magnitude and you now have 2 quarters in the can. And in terms of what our full year results are likely to be, I think we've bounded that pretty well. And between the quarters, we just -- as I said, we typically just don't break that out.
Byron H. Pollitt: So on the revenue, what we said was our expectation is that revenue in '13 will grow off of 2012 levels. So whatever the growth rate in revenue is for 2012, everything else being equal, we would expect it to be somewhat higher in 2013. With regards to EPS growth, if you recall, back in the October earnings call when we reaffirmed the '13 guidance, what we said was we expected EPS to also grow off of 2000 levels, but our expectation at that point, and our guidance at that time on 2012, was that EPS would grow mid to high teens. We are now at high teens, low 20s. And as we indicated in the earnings call back in October, there were a number of components that got us to that EPS growth, one of which was a favorable step-down in our ongoing tax rate. And that represented plus or minus 5 percentage points of EPS growth. And so as we began to, in effect, outperform during the course of the year and raise our guidance, we wanted to make it clear that when we talked about 2013, our expectation was more high teens, recognizing that it wouldn't be likely or possible for us to lap that same kind of tax improvement on EPS, and that way, we'd be substituting instead operating earnings for that tax benefit that we received in '12 that wouldn't expect to duplicate in '13. And so that's why we want to make very clear that, at least at this point in time, our earnings growth guidance should be in the high teens range.
Byron H. Pollitt: Yes, let me take the first one. Yes, you have it right. What we have -- when you remove the Interlink transactions, you're removing transactions from the denominator, but you're not touching the service fees. So the yield automatically starts moving up.
