Charlie Scharf: Sure. Listen, I think, we are blessed with just an outstanding U.S. credit franchise which has been build up through the years through terrific relationships for sure. We look at the partners that we have and look at their performance and certainly our performance has been helped by their strong performance and that’s’ true both on the issuer side, as well as on the co-brand side. We’ve also been certainly beneficiaries in the United States credit market as the affluent customer has recovered more quickly than the non-affluent customers and as we look forward more broad-based recovery is something which should be additive to the affluent business that we have today. Ultimately, our ability to compete as effectively as we have within the United States revolves around all other things that we've been talking about here that we know we need to continue to build out. Those include what we are doing in the digital space. They include what we are doing in the mobile space, as well as just the continuing to provide the flexibility that we’ve talked about in terms of our core product set. So listen and I know from the prior roles that I played, the market has always been a competitive one. There always been networks out there competing for the same business. The pencil have been sharped for a period of time and as we think about what we've got to do going forward, we certainly expect that to continue.
Charlie Scharf: Yeah. Listen, I mean, as we talked about at Investor Day, processing we think is the second part of the equation that we can provide for our customers. When we process the transaction, when press -- when the transaction goes over our network, we are enable to, that give us the opportunity to do all things that we can do, both from a risk perspective, as well as being able to provide all the analytical information that we can provided back to the issuers in order for them to help grow their business.
Charlie Scharf: Okay. So, on the first part of the question, I continue to say this, which is, when it comes to what Chase merchant service is doing, there are series of questions that, you need to ask them about. What we are doing is providing the capabilities that we outlined several quarters ago. We are on schedule to deliver the ability for CMS to be in the marketplace by the fourth quarter. What actually winds up in the marketplace is really driven by them through their discussions with merchants. And again so that, that’s a question for them.  And the agreement holds that they need to have a direct relationship with a merchant in order to take advantage of whatever it is they intend to provide through CMS. And so, you know as I’ve said I would, I would expect that sometimes as we get into next year that we would start to see some things in the marketplace and at that point we’ll all be in a position to evaluate what we think the benefit of the mark. 
Charlie Scharf: Let me start with V.me. You know I guess when we talk about V.me, you can’t, and it’s hard to separate out how we're doing with this issuers versus how we're doing with merchants because in our discussions with each, we really need to have to grow both sides in order to be successful. Right, it’s the chicken and the egg which is, you know, merchants aren’t going to want to spend the time and the effort and the money to establish V.me on their site unless they think there is a real need for it. And the issuers are going to be careful about marketing it to their clients until there is a meaningful amount of acceptance.  Having said that, we now have about 90 U.S. national institutions as partners. they include BofA, PNC, BBBA, ICBA, and others. And some of those have started actively to market these programs. We have signed an additional 72 merchants this past quarter, bringing the total signed number of merchants to 253, many, many of which will go live in the coming weeks and months. So there is a lot more coming here. There is, you know, a fairly significant pipeline of merchants. As we continue to work with acquirers on this to get in the marketplace, we’ll report back.  And MCX was the second question. Listen, I think MCX we know what you know about MCX which is, you know you might know more than us. So, you know, our view on MCX is that we will learn as they continue to disclose what it is they're doing and we're focused on doing what we can to build the right kind of tools to work with merchants so that they want to do business with us. 
Charlie Scharf: I think you’ve got to ask, Visa Europe has a put. So, that means, we don’t have a call and we it’s -- and we can’t proactively engage them in a discussion on price or things like that. So what impacts their thinking relative to their desire to put the company, you really have to ask them. I mean I think it’s a complicated set of circumstances. There is a lot going on in Europe right now. I think you can make arguments either way, whether it makes -- if you’re sitting in their position, whether it would make you more willing or less willing, but it’s their decision. So they’re the appropriate people to answer the question.
Charlie Scharf: Why don’t I start with China and unfortunately there’s still not a lot of new news to talk about with China. The agreement with the WTO requires China to issue regulations by the end of July to open up the domestic market to foreign competition. From what we’ve seen, there has been some very small incremental things announced by the Chinese government but they have not been clear as we read the information to lay out a roadmap to open up the domestic marketplace. So we're waiting with everyone else until that happens. We have no better idea than anyone else, how, what form that will take, what time period. The opportunity for us, in what time period that opportunity would evolve. And so, you know, there is not a lot there.  Now having said that we're still in the same place with, we feel, from a long term perspective, putting aside whether it’s, one quarter, four quarters or eight quarters away, the opportunity to compete in a domestic marketplace in China with the capabilities that we have, we think could be significant over a long period of time. Unfortunately we still don’t know what the time period is and what the requirements to participate will be. 
Charlie Scharf: You asked an interesting question. There is clearly two forces at work here. One of which is the Chase contract where the pricing has been restructured so that it is more per transaction. There is still incentives related to the contract but not nearly at the magnitude that they were pre contract. At the same time, the vast majority of our issuers are in growth mode with their portfolios. The larger they grow their portfolios, the more incentives we pay. And that has been our business model for decades.  And so, as is our practice, we will schedule those out over the next coming, the next two months. We will also take a hard look at what contracts are likely to renew in the coming year, which also raise into that copulation and then give you a report out in October. Let me just signal in the spirit of your question, that it’s best, in our view, it is best to model incentives on a full-year basis recognizing that they can have a lot of variation between quarters and as I said in my earnings remarks, in Q4 we expect an above average level of deal activity as we move to the closing out of our fiscal year. And therefore we expect a higher percent as a -- incentive as a percent of gross revenue. And you should not consider that representative of the go forward trend. 
Charlie Scharf: Good question. That’s not something that we're, that we have decided to speak about publicly at this point. Inevitably though I think that’s something that we will be talking about much more in the future since that is the fastest growing channel that we have and by way of form factor within Form Factor, the fastest growing factor is mobile. And the two of them clearly are linked. So I would say we're short on detail today but more to come in the future. 
Charlie Scharf: So the affluent part of our portfolio really has been the driver of the credit spend that we have been recording over the past year. In the last quarter or two, we are starting to see some participation from the next income cohort down but it is not yet significant and therefore it’s not a material driver in our results today. As we look out into the coming year, when I describe the economic -- underlying economic growth as sluggish, if I would relate that to the U.S., creating 200,000 jobs a month, which is kind of the minimum to make any progress against unemployment. We would describe that as non-anemic but as sluggish growth. And -- but it is creating new jobs and those new jobs ultimately translate into spend. And so our outlook is that the non-affluent spend will contribute more but not significantly more to the payment volume spend in the coming year. That’s how we’re thinking about it. And when we gave our guidance for ‘14, the limited guidance at this point, that was the assumptions that underpinned the growth rates we expressed.
Charlie Scharf: Yeah, this is our view, if we were Europeans which we are certainly not, I guess when we read it the things that we like about it are I guess first of all there is recognition in the value of interchange. We can argue about what that number is but we’ve heard lots of things through the years about whether interchange should exist or not exist in some parts of the world and recognition that it belongs, it’s a statement in itself. And certainly I put no surcharge into that category as well. And, well then I would say which straddles both sides, the good and the bad, is level playing field. And so our networks that operate both three party and four party models fall into both sides of the camp. So on the one hand, it’s a positive thing to bring some parts of their business into this level playing field. But the fact is there is still a meaningful part of the marketplace that there is just, you can argue an unfair advantage has been given and doesn’t actually solve whatever the underlining regs are supposed to solve.  The second thing I would put in the negative category is [co-bashing] and the third thing I would put is this, the splitting of processing from the brand. And the second part of Rob’s question was …
Charlie Scharf: Yeah and so I think it is the whole world, you know the world is a big place, but everyone sees what everyone else does, for sure. Everyone, so people will see what happened here in the U.S. on debit. We’ve seen Australia. They’ve been watching Canada. They’ve been watching Europe. So it’s certainly, you know you have to believe that when one significant part of the world does something that the other part of the world looks at it. You know in this case, you know remember this is proposed legislation. It will take several years for comments and for it to work through its process. So the things that have been decided here as best I can tell are not set in stone. And we’ll see how these things actually evolve in the marketplace. 
Charlie Scharf: We certainly hear a fair amount being discussed about it. And we also have, I think, more issuers in the United States issuing Chip Cards due to the importance of making for an easy acceptance experience when people travel outside the United States. I don’t have the numbers in terms of the amount of EMV cards that are being issued today. It is bigger than it’s been but it’s not, by any stretch, imagination of the majority of the cards yet. But I did read something recently that suggested that the percentage of issuers that are attending to do it is growing but I don’t think we know any more than that today. And on the merchant side, I would say it’s a similar conversation with the exception being to the extent that machines in merchant’s facilities have to be replaced. They appear to be being replaced with machines that will accept the new form of card.
Charlie Scharf: And let me just add one more thing to that which is, as it has been pointed out by bunch of you and also on this call, we do operate in a competitive marketplace. And it wouldn’t be right for our long-term shareholder interest to be thinking about how our services should be priced based upon a commitment that we would make to you all to continue to increase the margin levels that we have. We have to look at each transaction. How does the market price those transactions, what value do we think we’re providing and have the ability to compete effectively if we think it makes sense. And so that August factored into the guidance that’s given.
Byron Pollitt: And I would just add the more of the, the more we integrate into the processing pipeline. The -- we have an opportunity to differentiate our service offering. So in the case of DPS, this creates an opportunity for us to introduce more innovative product services via mobile as an example and to add to phone trackers that expand the activation capability or opportunity for our clients. So where we can provide processing services like DPS which have the single larges debit scale potentially outside of China, I suppose. This is an area where we can excel in delivering client service.
Byron Pollitt: Now, Tien-Tsin, remember we're lapping the implementation of the Dodd-Frank, not suppose to say Durbin anymore, Dodd-Frank rules which took effect April 1st of last year. So it was in that quarter that we experienced the single largest negative growth rate in terms of intra-link volume. In fact, it was a 54% reduction in payment volume growth in the June ending quarter 2012 and then in the coming quarters as our strategies began to gradually take hold, we started to see a less negative growth rate. So one could deduce from that that in terms of actual year-over-year growth rate, it’s considerable that the -- this June ending quarter might be high tide and then as we begin to lap the other quarters, the subsequent quarters that the relative growth will just have a tougher comp to deliver. I’d also just like to underscore that there is no way we’re going to recover all that market share that we have considered as a result of the legislative change. So I think that there will be -- we still need a few more quarters in order to get to some sort of normalized state. But as I said in my earnings commentary, in the subsequent quarters we still expect healthy growth rates in debit, U.S. debit. But everything else being equal they should moderate a bit as they begin to lap the strategies we put into place which in turn had growing effectiveness as time pass.
Byron Pollitt: Let me just add to that. So the follow up is we still think we have from our perspective a business, which can grow at a reasonable rate, understanding that we believe we permanently lost share because of legislation and those two things can coexist.
Byron Pollitt: I would say that the, in terms of health, the corporate side is healthy but the factors that are fueling the really strong performance we’ve been experiencing in consumer credit constitute more of a tailwind. When we look across the corporate spend, a lot of that has to do with the degree of recovery in the economies, across the globe. Our view is that the recovery, this is a technical term, is sluggish, which is one step above anemic and given that enthusiastic description, the very fact that we are seeing positive growth in corporate spend on cards in categories like airlines and the T&E components, we view as encouraging. Having said that, there is for us in our view a significant opportunity to further penetrate a commercial sector, we have invested significantly in our commercial information platforms that support that part of the business with our commercial clients. And we believe with the investments we’ve made in our IntelliLink platform that we are well positioned to experience meaningful growth in this market segment in years to come.
Byron Pollitt: Yeah. So I would say that there is a little bit of mix. There is a lot of volatility. So whenever there is significant volatility in the currency markets that translates into higher international revenue for us. That’s something that can be -- can appear in one quarter and disappear the next relative to whatever an average volatility is. We have been seeing with the strengthening of the dollar, the volatility in the Australian dollar, Japanese Yen to a lesser extent to Euro and Sterling, the turbulence in those markets is really -- and the associated volatility is the principal driver of the difference in international revenue versus the actual number of -- versus the growth in payment volume that we experienced.
Byron Pollitt: There are two reasons that matter. You hit the first one which is the boost in international is reflective. We booked that into the rest of world line. and the second, if you recall, when I mentioned that the 17% revenue growth for the quarter benefited from significant non-recurring incentives that brought the growth rate down by several percentage points if you were to exclude those. All of those significant nonrecurring incentives were outside the United States. So they had the effect of amplifying the growth rate of rest of world. And those are the two main drivers. 
Byron Pollitt: Let me respond to that in two ways. First of all, I just want to anchor the group back into the guidance for ‘13 since we are talking margins and you begin with year-to-date. So we held our guidance at around 60% operating margin, which implies -- the math implies that the year-to-date is trending higher than what we would expect for the fourth quarter, which is why we kept it at around 60, so point one. Point two, there is fundamental operating leverage in the business as you know. We have been very consistent in that we don't solve for operating margins. We don’t have targets. We don't have internal requirements, what we do solve for our investments that drive shareholder value. It is the nature of our business that many of those investments are expense versus capital. And therefore as we continue to ramp up the investments that support our growth strategies, it is -- they often carry a significant expense component to them and would immediately put down downward pressure on the margins. And I think it's safe to say that that philosophy of investing for growth and value both today and tomorrow is the philosophy we intend to follow. And that is -- that means some sacrifices of theoretically higher-margin, we’re fully prepared to do that in the name of shareholder value.
