Byron Pollitt: Without confirming any of the numbers, I think the mindset that we are conveying and you're picking up is that with that 45% of our net revenue in the quarter is now coming from outside the U.S. That revenue this quarter, grew at 21%, twice what the growth rate is of the U.S. at '10. And we were particularly pleased to see that this is the fifth straight quarter of positive payment volume growth in U.S. credit. And so, within the U.S. portfolio, which is being outgrown by Rest of World, credit is beginning to take a stronger presence and thereby putting debit in a different financial perspective than it was say, 12 months ago. So I think that thesis is exactly what we were trying to convey on the call. Thank you for asking.
Byron Pollitt: So on the first one, I think what you're asking, Adam, on marketing is because we took the Visa extras out of the expense base going forward, does that have a P&L impact? Is that the question? Because the revenue came out equal to the expenses, so while marketing is down and it is down in part because of the removal of Extras and also because of timing, the full year impact of the change that we made with Visa Extras is income statement neutral. So no impact on EPS, and no impact on the full year guidance for marketing because when we guided, while marketing is down versus the same quarter last year, there's always, given the campaign that we have last year relative to the Olympics, you would naturally expect it to be down somewhat. So we are still fully consistent with the guidance that we gave earlier on marketing. And the adjustments we made for Extras no income statement impact. With regards to the margin at 62 for the quarter, that would be -- what you should take away is that we are increasingly investing in our products platforms to drive future growth. And the margin will simply be an outcome of the level of investment that we make and we continue to invest aggressively in that arena.
Byron Pollitt: This is Byron. Let me give you a few -- a little bit of factual perspective first. With regards -- let's talk about this in the context of the U.S. So for gas, historically, go back a year. At gas prices that we're roughly 30% less than they average, on average than they are today, we were running about 8% of total U.S. payment volume in the gas category. We refer to it as oil, in the oil category. In the month of April, that was just a little over 10% of U.S. payment volume, suggesting that the share had moved up about -- that's about a 25% increase in the share of U.S. payment volume. When you compare that to roughly based on our measures of 32% increase in the average price of gasoline, April versus about where we were a year ago, and you factor in that there is probably been some degree of consumption cutback given prices that are now posted in the $4-plus range. That is the immediate impact. We have not yet seen and it may be a bit early, we have not yet seen any specific call outs relative to trade outs on other spending categories, which may be in part due to the additional disposable income created by reductions in withholding tax and social security. So we're still trying to sort that out. Inevitably, there is probably going to be some friction. But at the moment, it's hard for us to identify it.
Byron Pollitt: Let me deal with the first part of your question. We've delivered the first 6 months at 16% incentives as a percent of gross. And our guidance was 16% to 16.5%. That 16% to 16.5% guidance did assume that Durbin would not be delayed, that we would have some impact of Durbin before the end of the year and we provided for some degree of incentives in the event that, that were to happen. Without knowing the exact timing, without knowing exactly how the rules will be promulgated, without knowing the timing, the implementation timing associated with those rules, those are some pretty big wildcards with regards to the incentives that we may or may not be putting on the table this fiscal year. And therefore, we were drawing attention to the fact that we've got a year in the bag at 16, but there's some significant uncertainties still to go. But some of those uncertainties we're contemplated. So don't automatically assume that were it to be -- were it not to be delayed that we would necessarily be above that range. But where we end up is going to be a function of the timing and the exact wording of the rules. And I would say on the second, it's just hard to know with regards to how we would be deploying incentives today versus how we would do it under Durbin. The notion that incentives would be in play I think is a fair assumption. To what degree whether it be onetime, sustained. I think it will be -- once we understand better the environment ahead, we'll be much better able to opine on that.
Byron Pollitt: Credit is typically much more discretionary in its use. And therefore, we have continued to see very strong debit growth, which is more nondiscretionary. As the economy recovers, our belief is that consumers in combination with more employment, become more willing to spend on the discretionary side. From what we can see, this is still concentrated in the high-income segment of the market, but driven by more discretionary spend and not coming at the expense of debit at this point.
Byron Pollitt: We are -- we don't actually guide to or disclose what the actual impacts are. But it is a -- conversions are accretive for us through this fiscal year. And we can address that again with fiscal year '12 coming up when we talk about our guidance for that time period at the end of the year. We'll address conversions or deconversions at that point. But it should be accretive in each quarter for the balance of this fiscal year.
Byron Pollitt: Rod, let me try and be helpful in putting some perspective with 2 observations. The first one of which, since we're not going to specifically talk about revenue in the context that you asked. We're already public that roughly a little over 50% of cards are issued in the U.S., where Interlink is exclusive on the bank, number one. In the debit, where Interlink is exclusive on the bank. Second, we have also said on a number of occasions that most of our contracts are set up with incentive arrangements that are tied to volume. And so, we will naturally at our impetus, want to revisit a number of those contracts to make sure that the incentives are structured in a way that makes sense given the legal environment that we will be under post-Durbin. I can't think of very many contracts at all that require us, because of the legislation to revisit the contract. We're going to want to in order to adjust the incentives so that it is a win-win for both us and the financial institution.
Byron Pollitt: Yes, you're misinterpreting. The incentive contracts that we have in place -- most of them are based on volume growth. And if the routing provisions go into place, where the financial institution potentially has less influence over the actual routing, we just have to look at the incentive provisions to make sure that they are reflective of the way the operating environment will conduct itself under legislation.
Byron Pollitt: On the Easter shift, I would say there might be -- that one's hard for us. There might be a little noise in April, but we've got a pretty diversified portfolio. And so I don't think there's really a call out April and May. Early days on PlaySpan. Joe, do you want to, I think we just completed the acquisition. So we're fast integrating it and that may be...
Byron Pollitt: Yes, there are no top 5 contracts scheduled for renewal, I want to say, for a good 18 months or more. We do from time to time, when the opportunity is attractive, we will look at early renewals. But in terms of major contract renewals, at the end of last year, we pretty much cleared the decks and don't expect, we have no scheduled major renewals for at least another 18 months.
Joseph Saunders: Well, I can't really expand on the first point because as I suggested, we're going to make an announcement and we'll begin with something in the middle to the end of next week. And so, you're going to have to hold off for a few days or several days in that regard. As it relates to the second part of the question, obviously, one of the things that we're looking at is opening up new and different sources of revenue. And that would suggest that we'll be working with different types of entities and we have pretty much exquisitely worked with before. Having said that, I want to make perfectly clear, we're not going to do this at the expense of our primary customers and financial institutions.
Joseph Saunders: There's a lot of competitive activity that is different in Asia than in the United States. I mean there's China UnionPay, there's JCB, there's national payment system considerations. And so there's a lot going on. But we've been doing business around the world in a lengthy period of time, we've had people on the ground for decades in most of these countries. And the fact that these economies are emerging, and that electronic payment mechanisms are becoming more and more prevalent, we continue to have a huge opportunity almost everywhere in the world. Now I'm not being dismissive about the competition that we face. I mean obviously, there are areas of the world like China where we can't do business domestically. But I don't think that -- I think that our numbers would suggest to you that we're doing quite well in increasing our volumes in Asia and other parts of Latin America and other regions outside the United States. And so, I'm pretty bullish on where we'll be on the next few years in that regard.
Joseph Saunders: Well, it would be -- this is Joe. It would be kind of silly for me to sit here and tell you exactly what we're going to do, because it clearly has something to do with the competition in the event that the rules change. But we certainly haven't been passive as it relates to understanding what the various implications and scenarios could be coming out of Durbin, whether it is delayed or it isn't delayed, what the final links from the fed would be. And so each of those cases, we have a different set of mitigation tactics that we would intend to use. I mean, obviously, we'll be doing some things that we would intend to do across the board regardless of how things developed. But our suggesting to you that we're comfortable, that we are going to be valuable and a company predicated on confidence that we have as it relates to what we do. If that's sufficiently vague, I'm sorry.
Joseph Saunders: Well, yes. I mean I don't -- your logic is good and then also [indiscernible] space is a significant investment. I can't tell you, it's hard to judge what percentage of debit a volume could move up or down in the way that you're suggesting. But I don't certainly wouldn't be saying anything out of score or giving away any secrets if I suggested that there isn't a bank in the United States that isn't.
Joseph Saunders: Well, I mean, look, if this gets back into what are the mitigation tactics that we're going to use, and I understand what FDR thinks, and I understand that they're probably excited about the potential from their point of view. But frankly, I'm as excited about what we can do as they are about what they can do. And I'm really quite prepared to do what I need to do to compete with FDR. And at the risk of sounding -- let's not -- I'm not being flippant. I'm just -- I have a considerably hide the real confidence that we'll be just fine.
Joseph Saunders: It will play a role beyond the gaming space and our strategic direction, which we will kind of an add for next week, so which will be much more apparent next week when we make an announcement.
Joseph Saunders: Well, I think that what I said earlier was that we recognize that as time moves on that mobile and eCommerce technology are going to consume a greater role in the electronic payments arena. And if we are going to remain as a viable player as we are today then we are going to have to be out in front as it relates to interoperability, simplicity, security and factors of that nature. So we have been paying attention to that, the acquisitions that we have made, that in the back of our mind. And we have a strategy both in the United States and other mature economies in a different strategy in different parts of the world, where there are emerging economies that depend more on technology. So it is kind of bringing that together, the way that we think about that. What we've done, what we have ready to induce and what we will be contemplating doing as time moves on. So our point of view, it's significant and from our point of view, it is -- we are better than any in the competition that we think we have to deal with, has been because our solution is a more complete solution than what we've seen in the market before. And so we've been reluctant to talk about it until we have put together and put together in an appropriate where we can tell you something positive and significant. And we can talk about how it all comes together. So that's where we are.
Joseph Saunders: Chips, it is gaining traction and we've supported it. We've made an announcement several months ago as it related to our support globally. We didn't encourage it in the U.S. There have been a lot of things going on as you are probably aware like the [indiscernible] acting, the Durbin acting. Distracting to issuers in the United States. But for cards to be global, chips are going to play a role and we encourage moving the chip technology. We don't necessarily encourage them into pins and chips. We encourage moving to chips and other forms of identification or authentication than what exist, have existed here before. We don't believe that contact with chips would become something that is ubiquitous within the point of sale marketplace in the United States in the near future. We didn't know that there will be specific things to which it is applicable and for which it will be used, but it won't necessarily be widespread tomorrow or the next day or in 2012, 2013.
Joseph Saunders: I think we have a terrific opportunity in mobile technology. And I did mention answering one or the other questions, I believe that, we believe that not only, well, as it relates to the technology and just payments in general, we do believe that there are other sources of revenue that will be made available to us that are not now, that takes our CyberSource acquisition or PlaySpan acquisition, and other things what we've done and when we put it altogether we're pretty excited about the revenue that can come out of this in the future. Now let me caution you. I'm not talking about the spike in revenue in 2012. I mean this isn't something that happens overnight. It's something that evolves. But as I sit here and look at Visa and I look at our sources of revenue and our growth, I have to anticipate what is going to be fueling that growth 3 years from now, 4 years from now, not just what's going to happen next week. And so I think that what we're going to talk about next week, the way we're putting things together. And mobile technology in particular will be something that we'll be happy -- excited to be involved in as time moves on.
