Mike Milotich - Visa, Inc.: Thank you, Katie. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Visa's fiscal fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings call. Joining us today are Al Kelly, Visa's Chief Executive Officer, and Vasant Prabhu, Visa's Chief Financial Officer. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.investor.visa.com. A replay will be archived on our site for 30 days. A slide deck containing financial and statistical highlights has been posted on our IR website. Let me also remind you that this presentation includes forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and our actual results could differ materially as a result of many factors. Additional information concerning those factors is available in our most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which you can find on the SEC's website and the Investor Relations section of our website. Historical non-GAAP financial information disclosed in this call to related GAAP measures and reconciliation are available in today's earnings release. And with that, let me turn the call over to Al.
Mike Milotich - Visa, Inc.: Okay. We're willing to run 10 minutes long, so we have more time for questions. So with that, we're ready to get started with questions.
Mike Milotich - Visa, Inc.: We'd like to thank you for joining us today. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to call or e-mail our Investor Relations team. Thanks again and have a great day.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr: Craig, it's Al. I'll take the second question and I'll let Vasant take the first. We initially guided to Visa Direct heavily in the P2P space, where frankly, there's not a lot of economics. Our yields there tend to be less than we would get on normal Visa transactions. But as we move into some of these new use cases, we aren't expected to get yields that are similar to what we get in the typical pull transactions that we do today. Let me ask Vasant to talk about what our view is on the retreating U.S. dollar in back end of the year.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr: Don, as you might guess, I'm not going to give a long-term forecast on revenue. We just explained how we got to the number for just this year and the assumptions in that. That said, I'm quite confident in the business over a long period of time, and we've got lots of different vectors on which I think we can continue to grow this business, whether it's by penetrating new payment flows, penetrating new segments, penetrating new geographies, bringing more of the unbanked around the world into the mainstream financial system. I think some of these capabilities that we are developing in terms of things like Visa Direct, some of the technologies that I think are enabling a better user experience at the actual moment when a user uses a card, whether that's contactless or QR, and hopefully, in 2019, the big change in e-commerce as we move to secure remote commerce. So I think that there are just a good number of growth vectors for this business that give me a good deal of confidence in our ability to continue to grow our volumes. And as we grow our volumes, obviously revenues should come along. And so I remain confident about the future of Visa in terms of the volumes we can deliver.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr: Harshita, many of these emerging markets which are – where there's clearly lots of dynamics, as you talked about, Visa has been on the ground in these markets for in many cases multiple decades, and we've got experienced teams in those markets. And I think if I put China aside, where we actually still don't have a domestic license, but we look at some of the countries in Asia, some of the countries in South America, some of the countries in Africa, we I think have had a market leadership position, and we I think will continue to look to forge both good partnerships with people where it makes sense. The reality is the payments ecosystem is hugely about partnerships already. And I think as I look forward, there will be even more partnerships as some of the FinTechs really take hold and provide various value-added services. We are committed to VisaNet. We think it is the best network in the world in addition to being the biggest in the world. We continue to invest in it in big ways and will continue to invest in it. That said, we are very pragmatic people. And to the degree that there are other rails that Visa transactions might – or Visa credentials might be used on where we can do something in partnership, where perhaps there are various value-added services we might be able to still provide, even if a transaction isn't running on our rails, we'll be committed to do that. So I think that we are going down multiple paths where we're both trying to continue to strengthen the assets we have today, starting with our network, but also the investment in lots of capabilities we're doing. But we're also going to be smart about partnering where partnering makes sense. We're committed to try to be in the middle of as many payment flows as possible. And if we can control – if we can have the full control of that payment flow, great. If in some cases we're participating in it as a partial player, that's also fine as well. So I think that we are well-positioned. If you look at India as one case study, that's a market we've been in for 35 years. We've got a big team on the ground there. And we continue to be the market leader even though there's lots of activity going on there in terms of both government intervention, as you talk about, as well as new players that are emerging.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr: So, Darrin, I'd say two things. One is both Vasant and I have been clear about what we see in terms of pricing in Europe. The second thing I'd say is that we have had a longstanding policy of not getting involved, for many reasons, including competitive reasons, in forecasting specific pricing actions that we would take and where we would take them geographically and in terms of on the network. And I think we're going to revert back to not commenting on specific pricing plans on a going-forward basis. But obviously, that said, we recognize that it's an important lever.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr: So we already do, Lisa, have some bill pay use cases that are happening in different geographies around the world. And again, our view is that by reversing the typical way that our network works that we have lots of opportunity in lots of different use cases. And we've got a dedicated team that's spending a lot of time thinking about bill pay, P2P, disbursements, and faster payments to merchants. I think those are the four primary businesses that at the moment that we can see ourselves playing in in terms of Visa Direct. And specifically on bill pay, I know both in Singapore and in India we have use cases going on right now.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr: James, on the second question related to new technologies, first of all, I'd say that we try to be very client and consumer/business owner-centric in all we do. We don't just try to come up with capabilities and technologies for the sake of having them. We want and are only interested in creating capabilities and products that we think solve a particular problem or fill a particular need in the payment ecosystem. That said, there are cases where we are sometimes being pushed by our clients to move faster, and there are cases where we're pushing or pulling our clients along, asking them to come along more quickly. And by the way, for the same capability or the same product, we can have each of those cases at different clients. So we could have some clients who we have to pull along and some who are pushing for us to move faster. So constant communication and an open stream of dialogue is critical in these cases. And we try to sit with clients, particularly our biggest clients, and give them a sense of what's in our product pipeline, what are we thinking about over the next year or two, so that they have some transparency into what we're thinking. Because often we need them to come along, because often one of the things that is on the critical path of progress is them opening up their tech queues and making sure that they're doing whatever changes they need to make to accommodate some capability or product that we're putting into the marketplace.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr: On the first question, Sanjay, there are definitely a good number of our Chinese bank partners. I don't know how many. We have 55, I think 56 China bank issuer partners, and a good number of them are still issuing dual-badged cards. So yes, that's still happening. On the tokenization partnerships, look, this is something we're very committed to. We have always taken a lead in trying to make sure the payment ecosystem is as secure as it possibly can be. And getting to a point where payment credentials are codified in a different way using tokens versus the actual card number we believe is critical for the infrastructure. My personal belief, by getting these large token requesters on board now and getting to the point where we have 60 very strong token requesters in 40 markets around the world is going to start triggering some key merchants to start moving to tokenizing their card-on-file pans from today. And I think like everything in life that this is one of those things that if we can build some momentum, which I think we can, that it will really start to take off. But clearly, like everything, again, you need some tipping point where the momentum really starts to take off and you move from pushing an initiative uphill to watching it roll downhill. And I think in the case of tokenization, we're probably still trying to push it uphill a little bit, but I feel like we're close to the top of the hill, and we'll start seeing it roll down the hill as key merchants get enabled by these token requesters that we've recently signed.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr: I think they're two unrelated things. Look, as big and as broad and as large as our network is, we are not connected to every single bank account around the world. And so I think that there could be cases, certainly as it relates to the movement in certain markets towards real-time payments, where we're doing something in partnership with another set of rails. I think as we do that, one of the things we will bring to the party, among many capabilities that we uniquely have on our network, will be tokens. But there will be other capabilities that we bring along as well, including the fact that we're global, including the fact that we have rules that handle things like disputes and chargebacks, including the fact that we've got a great array of risk and fraud tools that we can bring to the party. So that's how I think about it, Moshe.
Vasant M. Prabhu: I don't think our crystal ball is any better than anybody else's, and so we don't really try to predict those things. We just look at forward curves and make some assumptions based on that. But the thing that happens, if in fact the dollar begins to weaken, let's say, in the second half, it will help us in certain corridors and it will hurt us in other corridors, and there's a net effect of that. So even if it doesn't happen as might be projected by forward curves, there are normal balancing effects in the business. So it's not a one-way bet in a sense. So if the dollar weakens, clearly we benefit from a translation standpoint. We have given you our best guess of about 100 basis points of impact in net revenue. On the cross-border side, we would benefit with the inbound corridor to the U.S. But on the other hand, we will benefit in other parts of the world from the dollar weakening. So there's a lot of offsetting factors.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Sure, Tien-Tsin. As we normally do, we give you our best sense of the upcoming year based on the facts we have available at this point in time. And if you looked at where we were at the end of last year, clearly the strength of the U.S. consumer in particular ended up being stronger than we expected. As you saw, our debit growth was mid-single digits for quite a few quarters leading up to the year. And then starting in the second fiscal quarter of 2018, we jumped into the double digits and have stayed there. So there were various elements of the business that clearly changed their growth trajectory after we gave you the outlook for the year. So you could say that things happened that were stronger than we expected. The global economy was stronger than we expected. In the second quarter and the third quarter in particular, the exchange rate tailwinds were stronger than we might have expected when we went into the year. So these things happen, and we update you as we learn them. As we look ahead, again, we're doing the same thing. We're giving you the best sense we have of the business as we enter the year. And therefore, we give you as much color as we did as to what our assumptions are. Obviously, we'll update you as the year progresses. I know some people try to read into what we say, things like oh, they're being conservative. They want to leave room to raise it in the future and all that. And as we've told you all along, we give you our best sense at any point in time. We are not trying to be overly conservative or otherwise, and this is our best sense as we stand today.
Vasant M. Prabhu: And just adding to that, we've historically talked a lot about you might call our traditional payment flows, which is the B2C – B2B business – I'm sorry, the consumer-to-merchant business, C2B. And as you know, we believe there's a lot of opportunity there to continue to digitize cash and increase PC penetration. But increasingly, as Al said, it's these new payment flows as we call them that are enabled by things like Visa Direct, which would be P2P, and disbursements, which is a B2C, that we're getting increasingly excited about. And then of course, Visa Direct also enables many elements of B2B and G2C, government-to-consumer. And then B2B remains a huge opportunity. We are already close to $1 trillion in payment volume there, and we would like to see it grow much faster than let's call it our core consumer to – C2B business.
Vasant M. Prabhu: And our plans for 2019 include pricing. There's carryover pricing from 2018 that flows into the first half of 2019. And as I said in the comments earlier, we have some pricing coming in, in 2019. And so order of magnitude, across the whole business, there's about similar kinds of pricing between the two years.
Vasant M. Prabhu: I'll take the first one, and Al I think is going to answer the second one. In terms of the renewal tempo, FY 2017, fiscal year 2017 and 2018 was heavy in Europe. As Al was even saying, we opened up 100 contracts, more than 100 contracts and redid them, and you saw that in some of the client incentive movements. 2016, 2017, and 2018 in the rest of the world were somewhat lower than the 20% pace. So 20% inclusive of Europe is probably more of – a little higher than the last couple of years on a global basis, but 2015 was a bigger year from a renewal standpoint. So that gives you some flavor for it. Our average contracts run from three to seven years typically, so about five years is a decent estimate. The 20% is getting more to par for the course.
