Al Kelly: Well, Darrin, I think, first in the near term, I think the upside is going to come from continued recovery of travel and the affluent customer getting back in the mix of spending at the levels they were pre the pandemic. In terms of sustained longer-term opportunities, I think they come in a number of places. First, e-commerce adoption is going to be very sticky and millions and millions of people around the world went to e-com and for the first time during the pandemic. Continued cash displacement is without question, going to continue. There's just simply more ways to pay, which is going to drive volume. Geographic expansion for us is another area where we're going to get sustained growth over time. And then I think continuing to penetrate both in new flows and the opportunities that we have with Visa Direct, B2B Connect and other areas within B2B, plus our ability as we capture more transactions to be able to sell our value-added services. So I think there's a a good number of levers that we can push that provide terrific growth for us going forward. In terms of your second question, I'll let Vasant weigh in as well. Look, Vasant talked about our updated planning assumption on cross-border where we think we're going to be about 10 points better than our original planning assumption. And certainly, that is going to be helpful for us. As we look ahead, we're going to continue to, I think, be very balanced in our thinking. We're conscious about making sure that our level of investment is at the appropriate levels against the right initiatives to make sure that we are managing the business and being able to fund growth initiatives into the future. But we're also conscious of making sure that we're careful about our expenses as we go forward as well, Darrin.
Al Kelly: Rayna, it's a couple of points, and it's been consistently that through the entire run of the pandemic.
Al Kelly: No, I think it was a very complete answer of Visa. The only other factor that you didn't mention relative to ticket sizes is something I said in answering, I think Darrin's question that as the affluent segment, which is the segment that -- who spending went down the most during the that comes back in, obviously, they tend to have higher ticket sizes as well. So, there's a number of factors that drive ticket sizes actually getting to precision on causality and what the different weighting of those different factors are is virtually impossible.
Al Kelly: Sanjay, I'd say a couple of things. One is that much of the innovation that we have seen is coming in ways to pay. And we're a network that is agnostic to the different ways people want to pay. We're truly a global open network that is willing to embrace fintechs and bigger players who want to introduce new ways for consumers to pay. We're not going to decide who's a winner or a loser. I'm not here to predict how big PNPL will get or crypto will get. I don't know. But I think that our job is to lean in and support them and give them a chance to have their capabilities or there are ways to pay run on our network. Ultimately, the consumer will decide who wins and losses based on the value that they believe that they're seeing as well as the user experience. I also think that the fact of the matter is if you look out over time, open networks win over closed networks. And Visa is a truly open global network with incredible reach and scale. And what ends up happening in any kind of closed situation is that after the initial excitement, initial pop, people run into a wall where it gets much more difficult to scale their businesses. And when somebody comes in and does business with us where we can make our 80 million or really closer to 100 million merchants available to them and help bring scale instantly and prevent people from having to for instance, go merchant-by-merchant in order to scale their business, we can do it much more quickly and much more efficiently for them. So I think that this kind of distinction between how to pay and a network like ours that is enabling multiple ways to pay is a distinction, I think, that people haven't fully appreciated.
Al Kelly: Well, Lisa, first of all, it's early days with this. Our approach on this is to not charge for it because we think it's extremely valuable for the ecosystem to expand acceptance. And that's really the driving strategic force for us here is to drive acceptance. And certainly, my expectation is that once we can get the transaction on our network will have more opportunity to sell things like value-added services over time. But despite the fact that our network has the 100 million merchant locations, there is still a long tail of merchants around the world that are not accepting. And it's important that we do everything we can to bolster the acceptance footprint that we have around the world.
Al Kelly: Jason, for as long as I've been involved in payments, there's always been regulatory issues and discussions that take place around the world. So it's really part of being in the business. I do not think there has been any material change in the environment in the last quarter or for that matter in the last year. I do think that the pandemic has helped governments recognize a couple of things though. One is the incredible importance of digitization because at a time when people around the world were locked down, they were able to continue to order food and order items delivered to their house because of digital, the digital payment ecosystem that is reliable and secure around the world. I also think that during this time, governments realize that they should become more digital. And we, during this period, helped a number of governments with the issuance of stimulus money or, in some cases, there was money to recognize the first responders and health care workers and those kinds of things. So I think there's more discussions going on with governments related to digital payments and we're helping them more. I'd also say that they, subject of Central Bank digital currencies, opens up and gives us an opportunity to talk to central bankers who, in many cases, are seeking our counsel as to what they should potentially be able to do. And I think that's because it allows us to have an avenue to potentially talk about other things that they might be contemplating from a regulatory point of view. So I guess, in sum, I'd say, regulatory attention is nothing new. There hasn't been any material change, and we continue to engage thoughtfully and frequently around the world with regulators.
Al Kelly: Tien-Tsin, the only thing I would add is that I think the -- we also had a very strong holiday period. And as -- based pointed out in his remarks or in answer to one of the questions, we've seen this phenomena of the holiday season stretching, and it's no longer really Black Friday to Christmas Eve. It's really starting early in November, driven by the incredible increase in the adoption of e-commerce.
Al Kelly: Yes, I'd agree with all of that. And if we look at our growth by certain verticals, incredible growth in home improvement and food and drug and a lot of that, I think, is because there's all kinds of new models. People are buying online and picking up or buying online and getting delivery. A lot of these new ways of shopping and paying is going to help us drive growth in new ways going forward.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. I mean going back to your question about shareholders and returning cash to shareholders, we did step up our dividend. It's $1.50 per quarter now. We did that last quarter. And then as you saw, we accelerated our stock buybacks. Our stock buyback is programmatic, but when we see opportunities, we step it up. And clearly, our cash flows are better. We felt there was an opportunity and we stepped up. As Al said, I mean our first priority is investing in our core business. There's plenty of opportunity here for growth. Second would be acquisitions that enhance our capabilities like Currencycloud and hopefully soon we close on Tink. And then, of course, we've always been returning cash to shareholders, most of our free cash flow in the form of dividends and buybacks.
Vasant Prabhu: Sure. In terms of inflation as it relates to our revenues, as you know, our service fees, cross-border, et cetera, are denominated primarily in basis points on ticket size. So to the extent that there's inflation, driving up ticket size, clearly, it's beneficial to us. When it comes to transactions processing, our fees are generally tried to number of transactions. Right now, of course, the size of the basket has gone up. Some of it is because of inflation. Some of it is because it's just gone up through the pandemic. Some of it has to do with the fact that some of the smaller transactions, you've got in a normal world like people going and buying themselves lunch at work or a cup of coffee. We're losing some of those transits. And so that causes ticket size on a mix basis to go up, which will recover, and that will be good for our transactions business. And in general, when people are ordering in through e-commerce, basket sizes have tended to go up. So the basket size increase we see now it's partially inflation, partially it's some elements like the ones I just went through. So net-net, I mean we are a beneficiary of inflation. And in terms of wage inflation, generally speaking, I mean, we expect some everybody is seeing it. But overall, I mean, it's reasonable at this point, and we'll update you as time goes by, if it's more than we expected. Al, I'm sure you have things to add.
Vasant Prabhu: Going back to your second question on cross-border, I think what's become evident from multiple data points over the last six to nine months, is that when borders open, it's like a switch turning on, the reaction is almost immediate. There's massive pent-up demand and consumers are quick to act. And what we saw in October and November was really the world opening up ex-China. And if it hadn't been for Omicron, that trend was quite extraordinary. Between September and November, we saw a very steep increase in cross-border travel driven by the opening of the U.S. border, the opening up of most borders in Europe. And what we started to see in October was many Asian countries, which have been the most restrictive, excluding China, of course, either open up or announce a timetable for opening up. So that tells you that opening borders, which is something that is hard to predict because governments control it can have a sizable and immediate impact. In terms of your question as to what is our assumption, our assumption is for steady improvement through the year. But we know it won't be steady. I mean there will be periods when borders open, and we could see some sharp improvements. And there may be occasional periods where if there is another variant, there may be some flattening out just as we saw in January. But the bottom line is it is very clear that when borders are open, things will move very fast to normalize.
Vasant Prabhu: Well, I think the short answer is we fully expect to get back to pre-COVID trend levels, meaning whatever the trend line was, we will get back to that trend line. And at least initially, the mix will be a little different because the part of the business that is growing well above trend is the cross-border business that right now is below trend -- below the trend line is the travel business. The e-commerce business cross-border is clearly one that we think can sustain above trend growth rates relative to pre-COVID. And if the travel business returns only to the pre-COVID growth rates, which we see no reason why it wouldn't, so let's assume it grows above pre-COVID growth rates gets to the trend line and then begins to grow at pre-COVID trend rates. We see no reason why that isn't the case. There is a possibility because of the e-commerce business that the cross-border business in total can grow faster than pre-COVID growth rates after it gets back to the pre-COVID trend line. I assume that is sort of what you were asking.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. You're right, Tien-Tsin. I mean, the cross-border outperformance in the first quarter was primarily cross-border, but we also had value-added services performing quite a bit better than we expected. So strong value-add service was also a contributor. So those would be the sort of the two main drivers. As you know, we service -- when payments volumes outperform we booked the revenue with a lag. There was outperformance on payments volumes too, but that doesn't show up in the quarter. It certainly wasn't anywhere on the order of magnitude as our cross-border performance, but there was there's definitely. There would have been higher service revenues had there been no lag. The other part of your question was...
Vasant Prabhu: Rebates and incentives, yes, we have been saying for a while that those numbers were going up because of the mix change away from cross-border. We thought coming into this quarter that we'd be somewhere in the region of 26% at the low end of the prior range we had. We were a whole point lower entirely because our mix improved because of cross-border and the reduction in the range for the year is also driven by the improvement in the mix since we now expect the cross-border business to be stronger than we had originally expected.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. I mean we don't sort of -- no one corridor accounts for a big chunk of our volume. So China opening or not don't have to make specific assumptions on that. We certainly expect some opening in Asia. The big surprise in October before Omicron hit was Asia was opening up faster than we expected. So for example, Thailand pretty much opened up all their resorts. Now they did pause, but they've reopened them again now that the Omicron wave seems to be passing. We saw Singapore announced a phased opening plan, and I believe they're still on track to do that. We even saw Indonesia, India ease restrictions. So more kinds of people can travel to India without -- and Indonesia without quarantines and things like that. China is completely shut and it's hard to predict when it opens. So I would say on balance, we are not counting on a big recovery of the Chinese business. But otherwise, the big swing factor at this point is how quickly Asia opens and how restrictive is it after opening.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, I can start, and I'm sure Al will add. I mean, look in the short run the cyclical recovery is by far the biggest driver of the growth. Having said that, I mean, underneath the cyclical recovery, which is most acute right now in cross-border, you can see that other components of the business are not only stable but also growing at an above trend level. So if you look at our payments volumes. Credit is in a recovery mode, but debit is very resilient even as credit recovers and is at a growth rate, if you do a CAGR over the time period pre-pandemic, it's a higher CAGR than it was pre-pandemic. The same is true for e-commerce growth. You could say the same about our value-added services and new flows. So while the biggest driver of short-term growth being above trend is the recovery component. If you look below it, the underlying sustainable and secular growth trends are also about trend relative to where they were pre-pandemic.
