Charles W. Scharf: Let me do a couple things, and Jack can chime in here too. Relative to what we make up of a PayPal wallet, you really have to ask PayPal that question because we know what we know and we have some general thoughts, but they really can be the ones and should be the ones. Generally, what we've always thought is that roughly half the transactions that run through PayPal run through a network, and we're roughly half or so of that, split between credit and debit, but I would call those gross approximations and directional, and you really need to talk to them. Relative to what happens in terms of the flows, again, if you go through what I said, what we really are interested in doing is to ensure that Visa cards are on a level playing field. And if they're on a level playing field, we feel great about our ability to increase the amount of volume that run over Visa cards and ultimately benefit our clients. And so what the agreement does is it enables that to occur, and there's a period of time where we will work actively together and exclusively to move volume from ACH back on to Visa cards if that's what the client wants to do. And so to the extent that that happens, net-net that's a financial plus for us. As part of this agreement, as we've said, there are incentives that we will pay, Visa incentives that we will pay to PayPal. And if those numbers aren't reached, then the incentives don't get paid. But the last thing I do want to say is partnership agreements work when there's alignment for everyone. And so we've had extensive conversations over a long period of time with PayPal, with our issuers, and other members of the payments community. And what we've tried to do here is to come up with something that really does work for everyone. And so where we could sit here and say this is all about driving growth in the electronic payments universe because we're creating better customer experiences, where they're allowed to use products that they want to use, where they get all the benefits of those products are and a seamless experience through PayPal, these products become a better alternative to cash and check and other alternatives out there. So the way we see it, we've given ourselves an opportunity to grow, we've given PayPal an opportunity to grow. And most importantly, we've given from our perspective at Visa our clients an ability and opportunity to grow and provide a better experience for their consumers.
Charles W. Scharf: I don't think there's much that we're going to add that we haven't said before on that. In the process of moving to a commercial enterprise, we obviously know what the market is. But we're also keenly aware that pricing should be reflective of the value that's added. And so I think that's a conversation that we'll have directly with our clients. And when it's appropriate, we'll talk more broadly about it.
Charles W. Scharf: So on PayPal, it is U.S.-only. And I think we're each in the position where we'd like to turn our attention outside the U.S., but we wanted to get the U.S. done first.
Charles W. Scharf: So I just want to be – so VDEP, so just a couple things on VDEP. So what we've done is we have agreed with PayPal that they will have the ability to access Visa tokens. But in order to do that, they have to work with the financial institutions and they have to agree to provide those tokens. So what we've done is – think of it like we've enabled PayPal to have those discussions directly with the issuers, and that's up to the issuers to determine whether or not they would like to do that.
Charles W. Scharf: Listen, there are a lot of people that do a lot of talking out there, and that's fine. We spend a lot of time talking to our clients and working actively with them on delivering value day in and day out and letting the results speak for themselves. I would say that from the moment that we've announced the transaction, I think we're extremely, extremely comfortable with the renewal activity that's taken place in Europe. The team in Europe I would tell you has – our team in Europe has delivered everything that they've said they would deliver to us, and that has continued in the period after the close. Our conversations with clients I feel are exactly what we want them to be, which is they are very excited about having the opportunity to get access to the capabilities that the global Visa can bring, which Visa Europe was not able to bring. And so there are a lot of things that they liked about Visa Europe that encouraged them to do business with Visa Europe over a long period of time with those relationships, and we bring additional capabilities. And so I look at the environment and say listen, everywhere we compete across the world, you have to show up with better products day in and day out, and that's what we're able to do in Europe. And until I see anything different than what we've seen, I'm going to continue to feel great about where we are.
Charles W. Scharf: I'm not going to talk about anything regarding any ongoing litigation that we have, which I think is what you'd expect. But I'd say the following things. I think as we go through the conversion to EMV, there are a lot of moving pieces, especially in the debit world. With terminals having to be reprogrammed, new terminals out there, multiple applications embedded on chips and things like that, and merchants turning on PIN pads at different times from times when they've actually turned on the EMV reader. And so there's a lot of movement between signature and PIN, which is somewhat different than we would have seen in a steady-state environment, and that will play itself out. And that's not a plus or minus; there's just movement there. And that's just the reality of what happens during a conversion like this. What we see is ultimately we just want our consumers to have the ability to use the cards. Merchants have whatever abilities that Durbin has given them, and they've had those capabilities ever since Durbin was passed. And a big part of that is they have the ability to choose the routing preference. And so as we've seen since Durbin came into place, quarter by quarter there's just a whole series of things that impact where a merchant wants to route to. People give them incentives. Whose incentives they think they're going to hit or not hit help them decide where they want to route to and route away from. And so the Interlink volumes that we see, and we look at it regularly, are very volatile. And so just keep in mind that the numbers that I talked about which have that decrease, they're two weeks. And so someone can make a change in a routing table, we can see a very big impact. That can also change two or three weeks from now based upon what we do relative to incentives and things like that. And that is the way the business works, and I think that's the way the Durbin Amendment intended it to work.
Charles W. Scharf: Listen, I guess the way I'd put it is I think – so first of all, it's completely up to the issuers on whether or not they want to proactively work with ourselves and/or PayPal. Again, we're not telling any issuer they have to do anything. But what we've heard consistently from issuers, and I certainly experienced it when I was at one, is that ACH is a really bad thing. You're disintermediated. It's a bad customer experience. They don't understand the process to dispute things. Call centers don't understand information and things like that. And so given a choice, you'd rather have a transaction run over a Visa debit or credit product rather than ACH. So I would assume that most issuers would choose to want to actively engage to try and move those transactions onto cards which, quite frankly, consumers know, love, understand and are very comfortable with how those products work. And so during this period of time, PayPal wants to work actively with us because to the extent that consumers want to do this – again, I can't speak for them, but consumer choice was an important part of the discussion in the press release, and that's what this actually provides. So again, the way we look at, just as the network – but the way we look at what we've done in this agreement is we've taken – we've tried to work with PayPal in partnership to take away the things that discourage people from working together and take away the things that create bad customer experiences. And just when do you that in anything, hopefully you wind up with a position where people actually work together. And if you don't even just get back to – it should produce a higher level of growth coming from someplace else. And whether that comes from other networks, cash, check, any alternatives out there, we don't know. But that's what this agreement is. It's about taking those bad things out, providing a better consumer experience, and then the consumers will ultimately choose what they want to use. And again, as I said, we feel very comfortable that we'll do quite well in an environment like that, as our clients will.
Charles W. Scharf: Listen, obviously they just announced it this morning, so it's very early. So I would say – and I honestly haven't had a chance to read what they've actually written, but I guess I'd just say a couple of things. And I think the same goes true for PSD2, which is – we as a network are successful not because we offer extremely low-priced commodity services with very little value-add. It's the exact opposite of that. And the ability for us to have grown the business that we've grown around the world is all about delivering value-added services, whether it's fraud protection, risk scoring, work on marketing, all those things. That's ultimately why people choose networks. And as I said, that's something that we need to deliver both not just to issuers, but ultimately to merchants, either directly or through the acquiring community. And so to the extent that we do that, whoever we compete with, because remember, we've competed, as we've – we've competed with PayPal, which has had another way of doing business here. And in the physical world, we've done quite well and felt very comfortable with our ability to compete in the online world as we've developed these solutions. So for us, it's about creating that value, delivering on innovation. And I wouldn't underestimate the work that we have done at Visa on fast funds, push payments, and things that we're doing both in developed parts of the world and emerging parts of the world. And so regardless of who buys what out there, those are activities that we had underway because there's tremendous opportunity. And I think those are the things that will allow us to compete, not just with an acquisition out there, but the types of people that will be able to insert themselves into the payment flow because of PSD2.
Charles W. Scharf: On the second question, no. And on the first question, listen, like any business, we have clients and we talk to them. And our clients have been very, very vocal – not in private to us – but publicly about what they've liked and what they haven't liked about the interactions historically with PayPal, as I've been. And so when asked, I've been very, very clear about what it is we don't like about PayPal. And I've also been very clear that we think that they've developed some great capabilities, have enormous respect for what they've created. And if we could fix the bad things, we'd be very excited about working together. And so the things that we went about from our standpoint wanting to change are exactly those things. And so I don't think anyone should be – I'd be surprised if anyone here is surprised about what those things are. And there were some things that were important to PayPal. But as I said, ultimately this is about taking the roadblocks out and creating the opportunity for people to work together. But again, we're not putting anyone in a position where they have to.
Charles W. Scharf: So on China, I would say the clarity that we need to finalize all the information and submit all the pieces is still coming together. We have submitted pieces of what's required, but there are also some new things that have come forth that we're working through that relate to national security with reviews that are going to be necessary as well as encryption standards, which was something that was new that was added. So these are active conversations that we're having with the Chinese government. And we continue to do all of our planning so that when we do have clarity, we'll be able to submit everything that we need to.
Charles W. Scharf: I'm not sure I understand what you're asking, but what you described is exactly what's contemplated. To the extent that PayPal chooses to create an experience at the physical point of sale, if they can get the issuer to agree, just as an Apple Pay or a Samsung Pay or Android Pay, there can be a token provisioned to a device. And it will be – the transaction will take place as these other wallet transactions that use tokens.
Charles W. Scharf: So the answer is it's a long-term agreement. We feel like we've addressed everything that we wanted to address, and it was a great conversation. We were both trying to get – again, as I said earlier, what we both wanted to get to was a point that PayPal, ourselves, and the issuers would look at it and say it's something that makes sense for all of us to work together. And that's based upon the fact that we're providing a better experience and the opportunities are greater than ever for consumers and merchants. So having everyone align is what we were after, and that's what we think we've done here. And so we feel very good that we're in a position, as I said, where – this is a framework where we can work happily together hopefully for a very long period of time because it's going to drive more growth. That's what it's all about. It does not change our Visa Checkout strategy. Here too, I've been very consistent in saying that one of the things that we don't know is we don't know ultimately what experiences are going to win at the point of sale, either online or at the physical point of sale. And so given the fact that we are the global acceptance mark that's recognized more than any in the world, that's something where we should have a solution that leverages that acceptance and allows consumers to pay quickly and easily and securely in the manner that they're accustomed, and that's what Visa Checkout is designed to be. But there are other payment solutions out there. We've talked about a bunch of them on this call, as is PayPal. And so what we want do is ensure that if we're working together under principles that we're happy with, which is what we've achieved here and what we have in the other ones that we support, then we want to enable multiple experiences. And ultimately consumers and merchants will choose which will win in the marketplace. And so we're happy with the progress that we're making in Visa Checkout. We're glad we're doing it. Ultimately, what we're going to look at for success is how Visa usage is doing in the physical point of the world, online, and in mobile, secondarily where it's coming from, and ultimately that will help us make resource allocation decisions. But we want to be the enabler. We want the volume. We're doing lots of different things, and Visa Checkout is one of those things but it's not the only thing.
Vasant M. Prabhu: I guess you were referring to the headwinds and tailwinds comments I had made. There was nothing there about renewals as it relates to next year. There is the normal course of renewals that we would do in the course of a year. In terms of incentives kicking in, as I mentioned, Costco incentives will definitely kick in meaningfully in the fourth quarter with a quarter lag. As you know, service revenues kick in a quarter later. You will see in our gross revenue an uptick in the rate of growth both from USAA and Costco, and of course there will be an uptick also on the incentive line. And the net of all that, we'll talk about all that as we talk more comprehensively about 2017. Other than that, I don't think there was anything else I said that you were talking about. That pretty much explains the comments on 2017.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Lisa, Visa Europe's growth has generally tracked well with what we had anticipated. The business is performing pretty much exactly as we expected, if not a little better. And we've seen some – it's very early to assess the impact of Brexit. We haven't seen much change. We've seen other than the exchange rate impacts, which I talked to you about earlier, we've seen some modest impacts on the cross-border business, as you would expect. Inbound commerce into Europe and the UK in particular is picking up as a result of the exchange rate moves most likely, especially from Asia. Outbound from the UK is relatively stable in transaction terms. But as you would expect, when the currency moves, there is an impact on the ticket itself. But other than that, the business is performing almost exactly in line with expectations.
Vasant M. Prabhu: In terms of Visa Europe's growth, if you look, there's a schedule in our operational data package. I think it's on page six that gives you some historical data on Visa Europe's performance. So if you're talking about volume, payment volume, over the past – let's say the last quarter, constant dollar payment volume growth was 6.6%. And then over the last year, constant dollar payment volume growth was a little over 7%. So it has been fairly stable if you look at the numbers for the past several quarters. It swings up and down a bit along the way. We're not expecting anything different. We're clearly monitoring the impact of Brexit to see if there's any impact. It's really not evident at this point. It's minor. We'll have to keep watching it. But as far as it relates to the fourth quarter, we're not assuming any change in trend. And in terms of its specific impact on us, you see that in the guidance we provided, where we told you that the revenue impact of Visa Europe on the quarter if you go to the table we have was 13 to 14 points of additional dollar revenue growth that would be added to our reported numbers because of Visa Europe, three to four points of additional revenue growth on a full-year basis. And as far as the income impact, we had told you last quarter and we are reiterating that that Visa Europe's income will offset the debt interest we had. So essentially it will make up for the debt interest in the quarter. So that's pretty much it.
