Alfred Kelly: On the first question, obviously we're not going to forecast ahead but U.S. debit has been performing quite well and as I said in my remarks, debit as well as credit looked very good in the holiday season. In terms of your second question, the reality is that the vast majority of transactions in United States didn't require a signature anyway because of the number -- especially in debit because the requirements of not having to take signature for under $25 or under $50 transaction. Our decision which -- we took a very thoughtful approach to ended up being at least a little bit different than our competitors where we said that we're going to move to no signature where somebody has set up for EMV. We actually think we need to be continue to encourage adoption of EMV for security reasons and therefore made the requirement that it's no signature as long as your merchant is EMV enabled. And we continue to believe that we've got a good roadmap for debit but I would say these things are unrelated, largely, and the reality is that we think we made a good decision for consumers. I'd also add that I still think there is a place for signature in a number of cases, high ticket items I think -- as we've done a lot of consumer research, consumers want to be able to validate and merchants want to be able to validate that transaction. Also consumers and in situations like keeping [ph] situations where they are adding to the base amount, also prefer to be able to continue to use the signature; so while there is no signature required we do expect that a number of merchants in specific situations will continue to request the signature from consumers and consumers will want to provide that signature.
Alfred Kelly: Well, I've said in my remarks I've been over there 3 of the last 6 weeks and I think that we have largely built out our leadership team and are very far along on the strategy for Europe. And you're absolutely right, David; if you look at our business in Europe, obviously we have very strong position in the UK, in France, we have a good position in Spain but there are 34 other markets in Europe, at least there is we -- as we establish -- how the way we established Europe and there is a lot of opportunity in the markets. You mentioned plus Italy, plus Germany, and we're in the midst of actually staffing up in a number of markets. In terms of personnel, one of my objectives is to ultimately have less people in the regional hub in London and more out in the markets where the action is. But we -- between bringing our digital products into Europe, Visa Direct, Visa Token Services; as well as adding personnel and building our relationship with issuers, Charlotte Hogg, our new European CEO has spent a tremendous amount of time in the four months she has been with the company out talking to our clients throughout Europe. So I actually -- absolutely believe that Europe, particularly on the continent represents great opportunity for us and the beginnings of what will be a journey to build our business to a much stronger position on the continent.
Alfred Kelly: I think as we said then and I think we've been consistent, look PSD2 is kind of a long-term play and I think it's going to take a while to see how it's actually going to play out. We actually think we're pretty well positioned as it relates to PSD2 coming into Europe. The strong customer authentication is going to require and put a premium on risk and authorization capabilities which is a strong point of the whole ability to have third-party accessed accounts I think was a premium on -- and outstanding payment experience and that's something that we tried ourselves in working closely what our issues are and this probably new consumer experience is that we'll emerge as a result of the PSD2 legislation and I think -- again, we feel like we're well positioned to work with our issuers partners on it. So I think this is going to be a very slow build overtime but I think we feel like we're well positioned as it relates to this regulation going into place in Europe.
Alfred Kelly: Look, we're not the type of company that can deploy capital organically, extraordinarily quickly but we've got a whole set of key investment areas that are driven off of our strategic pillars and we're going to continue to focus on those things, whether it's security in the ecosystem driving contactless expanding access, digital expansion, those will be the areas we focus on. In relationship to your second question on market share; I would say this, in my mind there is tremendous opportunity to grow in the medium and long-term and I think the opportunity is more. We're growing the market, bringing more people into the payments mainstream, expanding access by displacing cash and cheque. I think we've had a very good quarter, MasterCard had an excellent quarter; to me this isn't a quarter-by-quarter contest, we're driven and focused on sustained long-term growth for our investors overtime and I know it's a point out that I think looking at quarter-by-quarter comparisons can be really tricky, there is a whole bunch of factors that are different between us and some of our competitors, there is business mix differences, there is lapping dynamics, there is timing issues, there is wins and renewals and conversions and frankly, there is differential impact of exchange rates. So I look at it and say, I think medium to long-term opportunities are terrific, I think our fundamentals are very good and we feel good about the long-term prospects of the business.
Alfred Kelly: At this stage, I'm reluctant to get into [Technical Difficulty] A rebate structure and I think it's our expectation that we'll get through almost all of this, there might be a few lag or what gets through all of this by the end of this second quarter.
Alfred Kelly: I was doing the baseball analogy; we're still in the first -- maybe the beginning of the second inning in India, there is just a long way to go. I've read some of the same reports but I think we have hit an inflexion point. We've seen a huge increase in acceptance points and volume over the course of the last -- I guess now 14 months. The government is very bullishly behind this and while we're through the demonetization period, there is a little bit more of the cash back in circulation. I think that the government is very desirous of having the efficiencies of more electronic digital transactions, as well as ideally getting past the point where they get rid of the grey economy in India and have more transparency from a tax perspective. So my view -- and obviously, you know, I know what I know which isn't everything and I think it is at inflexion point but while I say it's an inflexion point sometimes that -- we're well into the match racing curve of this, there is inflexion point there, there is a long, long way to go; 3 million merchants and the type of volume that we're add as much as the growth rate to very attractive, it is very small compared to where India will ultimately be.
Alfred Kelly: I don't know that -- first of all, money has become plungable but we're already investing fairly heavily in India, it's one of the markets -- as I look around the world, it's one of our largest markets in terms of deployment of people. And I'm talking about people in the market, I'm not counting the 950 people we have at a technology center in Bangalore. And we were planning to grow our India presence in our plan before tax reform. Look, we've turned back to all of our regional leaders and Vasant and I have been asking people to tell us where they potentially could put money to work in a very smart way that's going to drive growth against the type of areas that we're already investing and in India, certainly one of the main areas of growth is building out acceptance, which might in some cases be physical terminals, in many cases it will be continued use of rolling out QR technology and MVisa apps for consumers. So I think it's safe to assume that India is going to continue to be an area that we're going to look to invest in and it's highly possible but decision not made for sure that we'll -- as a result of facts reform we might put a bit more money into that market.
Alfred Kelly: And James on the question about B2B; it really is a large opportunity, we are focused on it, we have a senior person and a team focused on B2B, we think that through the use of Visa Direct we can meet the needs of a lot of the small and medium sized merchants and using things like single use virtual cards in larger verticals like healthcare and travel. That said you raised a good question around how we can give you guys a bit more insight to our progress and let me take that away and maybe the next quarter or some point later this year we'll try to give a little bit more insight in terms of things to watch there and how you can evaluate the progress we're making along the way.
Alfred Kelly: On the first question, I don't think we're prepared to start giving breakdown on country by country basis on ecommerce versus card -- present type of growth. I think it developed countries that the trends that I talked about in the U.S. are similar in some of the developed countries. Obviously, in less developed countries the mix and the dynamics between the two and different. In terms of contactless, I think in the United States, again -- the pluming is in place to go, we think by the end of the year 50% of the terminals in the U.S. will be contactless enabled on terminal -- virtually every terminal being shipped now is contactless enabled. And I think the U.S. issuers are getting excited about the prospects of the customer experience associated with contactless and I would expect that you're not going to see a massive off-cycle replacement of with NFC -- that are NFC enabled. But I think that you will start to see issuers as they go through their normal card renewal cycles and there is the replaced cards that are lost or stolen, etcetera, that more of those will be replaced with cards that are NFC enabled. So I think this is a multi-year journey but -- again, there will be an inflection point at some point where it will really take off as we reach a certain level of scale and clearly, we're not there yet but I think we're poised to begin the journey.
Alfred Kelly: On the second question Bryan, I think we have to see how -- we haven't even begun the migration, as I said we're beginning next quarter. I think we're going to have to see how long it takes, we're going to be measured in deliberate and careful about it. We'll get some benefit from it financially once we're all the way there but I think in terms of timing it's a little bit too early to say and I think in terms of mentioning it, I'm not actually sure we have mentioned it; it's all part of having this transaction continue to be accretive at a level above what we thought it would be when we made the acquisition in the first place.
Vasant Prabhu: On the tax one, yes, just too sort of go through it again. The full benefit of the reduction in the U.S. federal tax rate from 35% to 21% on annualized basis is 8 points. We get 6 points this year because we're getting three quarters of benefit. We'll get 2 points from the corporate tax reduction next year, we're just being a little cautious on the two points because of additional provisions that go in next year that we along with others are looking for more guidance on. We have an initial point of view on it but we're assuming it will change through the year. As you know, when you translate that, that is $1 billion after-tax benefit to us in lower cash taxes as a result of that. There are two things -- we can talk about four sort of things around how we want to deploy the cash. One, you've already heard us say that we've already made some decisions that will reinvest about a point of that reduction in taxes, meaning one point of our pretax income in our business in operating expenses, some of which you already heard about, things we're doing for employees, others in terms of adding to some of the investment programs that are already on the way, as well as some new initiatives. That will cause our expenses to grow a little bit more than we had originally anticipated, that expenses are essentially on-track for the year versus prior outlook. We're just with a deliberate strategy increasing it by 2 points as a result of tax reform. The second dimension is commensurate with the higher earnings potential of the company. We are stepping up the dividend, we already have a healthy buyback program with over $7 billion this year, this was reflecting the fact that we were buying back some of the stock issued to Visa Europe owners. Once we get past the $7 billion mark, we need to do more, we will evaluate it at that point. And then finally in terms of M&A and investments, as Al said, our priority is to invest in our business organic growth. The fact the tax rates are lower, certainly improves the ROI you can get on investments and the same on M&A. But we were not cash constraint before, so we're not going to change our posture other than the fact that lower taxes made investments more attractive. So I'm going to turn it back to Al if he wants to add to this and I'm sure he is going to talk about the other question.
Vasant Prabhu: And in terms of pricing I think we've told you earlier that there is pricing but this year there is the pricing goes into effect in the second half. And then we'll evaluate further pricing actions in the future.
Vasant Prabhu: And just in terms of metrics, that would -- going to your question about is this permanent, yes, there is a lot more cash in the economy because cash is back to normal but as Al said, the number of acceptance points has doubled and people are not pulling back the government or the banks or all of us are still pressing hard on building acceptance. There are more people using cards, that's a measurable metric and then there is more people using cards with a higher frequency and that's a measureable metric and the real test will be once we fully lap the demonetization, what is still the growth rate and we'll tell you more next quarter.
Vasant Prabhu: On cross-border, just a couple of things to point out; that is in fact an improvement in the rate of January and we think that will sustain based on everything we're seeing. One item that is affecting our reported numbers is the shift in Europe, included in our cross-border numbers as it is for others too is intra-European cross-border volume that is cross-border business within the EU. That's different than typical cross-border volume but does get included in the cross-border volume and you do have people moving -- acquiring within Europe, and so when fairly large account decides to acquire in the UK from a non-UK location, it's a sizeable move in the reported numbers with modest revenue impacts. So if you add that back, I mean the real underlying growth rate was quite a bit higher than the reported growth rate. In terms of trends that help that, as we've said before, one of the best things that can happen to our cross-border business in some respects of the weaker dollar, we have a large U.S. acquired business. The good news is we did see the growth rate in that business step-up but it was from very low levels; so our U.S. acquired business which is a very attractive business is growing faster than it was and will most likely continue to grow faster but it's still growing less than the overall growth rate of the cross-border business. So there is one variable that could accelerate cross-border growth further would be the U.S. acquired business, growing faster and going back to double-digit levels like it has been in the past. Beyond that we'll have to watch what happens as European currency strengthened, clearly it will help the acquiring business in Europe as this becomes more attractive for people or rather the issuing business coming out of Europe as it becomes more attractive for Europeans to travel out. So those are couple of trends that can -- that are both watching.
Vasant Prabhu: On the expense side, you might recall when we talked to you last quarter about outlook we had indicated that you should expect expense growth to be higher in the first half than the second half; a lot of it has to do with year-over-year comparisons. Personnel expenses were unusually low in the first quarter of last year for a variety of reasons, I won't go into all of them, some will have to do with the consultation process that was under Europe, some had to do with the fact that we had also done the global restructuring coming into the quarter. So personnel expenses were off to a fairly slow start and if you looked at our personal expenses last year they climbed through the year; so this rate of growth in personal expenses you should not see continue beyond the first half. So there are year-over-year comparisons. On the G&A side, as I said there were some non-recurring items and some shifts and expenses that make that number higher than it normally would have been. So we did have a number of expenses in the quarter that were of a non-recurring or timing variety but our original outlook for expenses remains unchanged versus what we told you. We have deliberately chosen to reinvest an additional 2 points in expenses as a result of tax reform. I wouldn't say a lot of that was in this quarter, it was more what we expected based on comparisons plus some of these non-recurring and timing related things.
