Mike Milotich: Thank you, Jordanne. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Visa's fiscal fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings call. Joining us today are Al Kelly, Visa's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Vasant Prabhu, Visa's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. This call is being webcast on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.investor.visa.com. A replay will be archived on our site for 30 days. A slide deck containing financial and statistical highlights has been posted on our IR website. Let me also remind you that this presentation includes forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and our actual results could differ materially as the result of many factors. Additional information concerning those factors is available in our most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which you can find on the SEC's website and the Investor Relations section of our website. For historical non-GAAP financial information disclosed in this call, the related GAAP measures and reconciliation are available in today's earnings release. And with that, let me turn the call over to Al.
Mike Milotich: Thank you, Vasant. We will run a little long in order to ensure we have enough time for questions. So with that, we're ready to get started, Jordan.
Mike Milotich: I would like to thank you for joining us today. If you have additional questions, please feel free to call or email our Investor Relations team. Thanks again and have a great evening.
Al Kelly: This is a company that we're quite familiar with, we invest - we were an early investor with them, we've been working with them, what they really are - they'll allow various players throughout, at least in the foreseeable future through Latin America being able to facilitate getting any kinds of - various kinds of services up and going very quickly by connecting to YellowPepper. And then YellowPepper taking over from there. And we think as the payments of money movement world continues to grow and diversify, having a software platform like YellowPepper that makes it easier for these connections to happen and gives us an on-ramp to sell value-added services and accommodate the needs of various clients to have network agnostic solutions that it's going to give us a good path towards accelerating both core payments as well as value-added services and new flows throughout Latin America. And then over time, we will look to extend the capability beyond that region.
Al Kelly: Well, Bob, thank you for the question. So first of all, we think of Visa Direct as a new flow not evaluated.
Al Kelly: So let me try to get a little more color. So about 2/3 of value-added services are platform type of services that are driven by transactions. And obviously, in this environment some of those have done quite well. CyberSource, where people are looking for omni-channel solutions, risk and fraud services, particularly as lot more transactions have gone online and people looking at things like 3-D Secure at 2.0 and our offering from CardinalCommerce and then issuer processing has done well given that what's happening with debit, as Vasant described in his remarks. About other the 1/3 - so that's about 2/3 of value-added services, the other 1/3 is kind of split between service revenue and other revenue. So in service revenue, you have card benefits, which are offered as a package. And then in other revenue you have services that are generally not tied to volumes, things like travel-related card benefits, marketing services, data and consulting and analytics. So you can imagine in that grouping, there are things that are struggling a little bit and other things that are accelerating. So travel-related card benefits are obviously very sluggish as our marketing services, but things like data and consulting and analytics are continuing to grow at a pretty robust levels. So that would be hopefully give you some color. I don't know, Vasant whether you want to add anything to that.
Al Kelly: Thanks, Bryan. I'd say, there is a number of drivers that what's happening with debit, certainly, I think an acceleration of cash displacement at the point of sale, where people are just concerned about cash being a carrier of germs, I see that, I think that trend continues. Certainly, a significant shift online purchases and mostly in everyday spend categories which kind of favors debit a bit. I think that's going to stay up a fairly healthy level. Thirdly, what we've learned in the past and it's being reinforced now is that in these uncertain economic times, people probably would prefer to spend the money they have been than they borrow the money and hence that's a positive driver for debit. And then Visa Direct, obviously, helps drive our debit performance as well. I expect that a lot of this positive momentum will continue, but I think there's no question that, if and let's hope it does, the world gets back to normal quicker than many would might predict, that a, you will see credit come back as - as more discretionary purchases and travel start to bounce back. And maybe some purchases start to move that are online maybe move back into the face-to-face world. But I think a lot of people have gotten very comfortable sitting out there, dining room table or in their home office, shopping on online on e-commerce. So I think a lot of these drivers of what we're seeing in debit over the last six months have some staying power to them.
Al Kelly: We will ramp - as a general, I'd say there really hasn't been a lot of change. I think that they've generally been fairly similar. I think that for the most part, I think most - as you know, most of these deals are five, seven, sub-type longer years in duration and I think almost everybody thinks that we're looking at a kind of a once in a century-type of event here. The conversation, Sanjay, Vasant was just having we're not sure how long that really last, but we're certainly not looking for it to last through the duration of what these contracts are? I think that said, we're certainly thinking about the structure of deals and trying to determine where to tweak things here and there, but I wouldn't say that we've made any kind of radical changes to how we're restructuring the deals ramping.
Al Kelly: Lisa, I'd got say a few things. First of all, this movement of funds into these higher yielding savings accounts, definitely it was a real factor and that's not going to repeat itself, but not beyond that I think that you are seeing - be seen the beginnings of traction of a number of FinTech deals, I mentioned Revolut in my remarks, but Lydia and France comes to mind in and out, the FinTech in Turkey comes to mind that are really starting to scale up in terms of their relationship with Visa. I also think that we've had a pretty good track record of deepening some of our existing businesses and that we renewed as well, I commented on a few of those but if we go back over the past numbers of earnings calls commented on others. And I have made the point that, I think that I believe over the last five or six quarters that Europe has made a lot of progress in terms of relationship build they just going to take time to show up in the numbers, because they're either doing a start-up or you're doing a shift-in with the client and both of those just simply take time and they take time to ramp to get credentials out and then they take time to those credentials to ramp in terms of volume. The other thing, I would say is that open banking continues to be a strength for us in Europe, and we're having good success selling our value-added services, particularly, I commented in, Dan's or somebody else's question earlier, some of our products from CardinalCommerce as well as our 3D Secure products. So I think the beginnings of some of the success that we think we've been having over the last five or six quarters, plus this kind of one-time deal where people move money via their debit cards into these high yield savings accounts, and we'll see what happens, Lisa. Today, you probably saw our both France and Germany announced going into some form of partial lock-downs, again. So that's obviously not very positive news B2B driving volume across the continent.
Al Kelly: I, certainly, hope so Tien-Tsin. We are very, very focused on it. I think we've talked about in the past. I mean, we really feel like we've been in the last year, 15 months really on our fund footing in Europe. We've got a really good win rate on FinTech's. We're having lots of really good discussions with banks about open banking in addition to the things I mentioned, we've got our Visa trusted listing, which allows customers to identify merchants that they trust, which will help users meet regulatory requirement and have a much better user experience for the customer. We've got the Visa delegated authentication which issuers' delegate authentication to merchant or digital wallets, which also reduces friction at the point of check out. So a lot of these discussions have gone very well and I think that people, who are clients, and potential clients are viewing us as being very supportive of what they have to do to deal with open banking downstream. So I believe that our momentum is good and you're going to continue to see it in our numbers.
Al Kelly: Well, I think, issuers around the world are dialing back on their spending and their acquisition on travel related card at this point in looking at all alternatives. And even here in the United States obviously, I think you've seen a lot more activity on things like cash back than you are on travel co-brand. So I think in the near term that's going to be the case. I think though as travel returns, which I happen to be optimistic that it well, beside basically describe how I see it, which is that travel is for all intensive purposes, it shut for consumers. It's not that you are even having a choice of to travel or not to travel in most cases. It's so much of a hassle that right now that you just don't. It is not a good experience. And I think as travel can reopen. I think that people wanting to see the world and see family and friends and knock places off their bucket lists et cetera, it will start to come back and at that time, I think people will go back to promoting the travel elements of their card or the benefits of the card, as well as you'll see more attention paid back on the travel-related co-brand cards.
Al Kelly: So I'll start, Jason and Vasant can add. I would say that commercial B2B volume in the carded space is running pretty close to where you see consumer credit. So it's definitely has been hit and as the line - its growth has been, as I said fairly close to the credit line that said we've continued to invest heavily and trying to promote virtual cards is more digital spending is going to take place in the B2B arena and we're continuing to build out and invest in building out the B2B Connect network were up and have the capability up and going in 80 countries, we're looking to expand for the next 30 countries over the next year plus. And so we haven't really taken our investment dollars on building for the future, down much at all in this area, but there's no question, the volume has been impacted by lots of people curtailing their spending and lots of employees around the world working from home.
Al Kelly: So, I wasn't - in case of card-not-present, it's very, very good volume for us. As we - I think at Investor Day, we said that $0.15 in every dollar in the world. Today is, in face-to-face, it's spent on Visa Card in the card-not-present world. It's $0.43 on the dollar, simply because cash comes out of the picture. And obviously, as fraud has migrated more to online, as chip on card has depressed fraud in the face-to- face world that gives us an opportunity to work with issuers on driving down fraud by using various services and products that we can - we could provide and somebody alluded to it earlier, I mean it is still in the card-not-present world, still real opportunity to drive up authorization rates. I think it was, it was a question out relative to cross-border. And clearly, cross-border authorization rates and card-not-present are lower than authorization rates, domestically on card-not-present. But in both cases versus face-to-face, there is real opportunity to increase authorization levels to drive more volume. Darrin, you said something about contactless too, obviously that's in the face-to-face world and we continue to make, and we'll continue to make real progress there. I think COVID will help accelerate the pace in the United States which is the one market that has been much further behind, I think I said in my remarks that contactless transactions represents 43% of face-to-face and across the globe, 65% excluding the United States which gives you the magnitude of how far behind the U.S. is. I do think though that and maybe you meant Click-to-Pay, I do think Click-to-Pay will help as well, accelerate card-not-present as well, particularly for people who are - not card on file, but they are just logging on to buy for the first time and they're doing, they are being a guest. So I think that there is real opportunity for Click-to-Pay to help build a better user experience there. So we certainly remain really bullish and what can happen in the card-not-present world.
Vasant Prabhu: No. I think we're very pleased with how as Al said the platform-based services are growing those happen to be the ones that have the best margins and it's things like our fraud services, authentication, through CardinalCommerce as well as, as Al said CyberSource, clearly the growth of omni-commerce and certainly everybody - every merchant wanting to enhance the e-commerce business is very helpful to CyberSource, which as you know is a gateway for most e-commerce merchants. And then with debit doing well, the debit processing business. So those platform-services most of it show up in our data processing line from a revenue standpoint, particularly high growth right now.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, I mean, I’ll add a couple of things. And you can see it in some of the charts, we provided on the weekly trends. I think what's happening about debit, which as I said in my comments is the biggest beneficiary of the accelerated growth of e-commerce and the shift away from cash. The two things, we are seeing is that even this credit has recovered from declining 20% in April to exiting September down only about 5% I believe if I remember right, in the major markets. You see the credit line, the debit line has been very steady. It's been growing at the same rate without really being impacted by the recovery of credit and even as card present trends have improved you're seeing the debit line hold steady. So a lot of it has to be driven by the new cases, we are enabling a new payment flows through Visa Direct, as Al said. And also the fact that, there has been a true shift away from cash and most of it has gone to debit. Now clearly some of it is the stimulus payments and if you don't have them next year clearly some of that spending - may have been spending that may not sustained but that remains to be seen.
Vasant Prabhu: I'm not sure fully understood your second question. But I will try to answer it. On the first one, as we said, we live in uncertain times and it's difficult to hazard guesses on what's going to happen when if there are spikes in infections. I would say, we are tracking it very closely, and there really two things to track, its spikes in infections and then what is the response from the government? To the extent that the response from the government is to impose restrictions and shutdown, then it does have effects on spending. If the response of the government is to largely keep things open then we see less of an impact. So it will be very different region by region and country by country, both linked to the infection rate as well as the governmental response. As it relates to travel, travel habits are changing, as you saw, I mean people can't go everywhere. So corridors that are open are getting more of the travel, which is why you saw the Caribbean and Mexico are actually growing in September and October. And normally September and October, after schools open tends to be a slowdown in travel in fact we are seeing travel continue, personnel travel continue into September and October in the corridors that are open. So what you may see in terms of travel is, people really being quite astute about where they can travel and as certain corridors open up, you start to see travel moving into those corridor that may have gone elsewhere. So it all makes it very difficult to make any hard predictions about what's going to happen next. As far as your incentives question, I wasn't sure what the question was, exactly, but we've tried to factor in everything we know right now, mix shift from cross-border, service fee lag, the renewals we already had and what we might expect to give you the best range we can. We will obviously give you an update as the year goes by.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, I mean, we are clearly focused on all that, increasing authorization rates in particular corridors big priority, increasing activation of cards that can be used for cross-border critical priority. The growth of non-travel cross-border business big priority, cross-border business for new use cases that Al highlighted through Visa Direct like remittances, cross-border business with B2B Connect, all those are revenue streams that are new and very exciting and growing well, it's a big year in '21 to lay the groundwork for YellowPepper to scale. We have signed up a lot of clients. The volume is ramping, we're spending quite a bit of time and effort to ensure that the YellowPepper platform can scale and a lot of that will be cross-border flows not necessarily for consumer payments for but a whole range of other use cases. So there is a variety of non-specifically travel related cross-border use cases that are happening right now that we are very excited about and then we're doing as you said, the sort of the bread and butter stuff of improving authorization rates reducing fraud and all the things that would make people more willing to approve more cross-border transactions.
Vasant Prabhu: A couple of focus on it, let's say, bright spots from some of the early indication there is, as you know, the bulk of the cross-border business we have that's card present and the bulk of our cross-border travel is based on personal travel and that's an important one to note and that clearly seems evidence of pent-up demand because anytime a corridor opens up we shared the example of Turkey, there is a maximum pickup, there are more Americans traveling to Turkey now than they did last year by a significant amount, because they realize that's one place they can go. We've seen that from other parts of the world that are open like travel in and out of Dubai. So we're seeing a lot of travel from Europe into the UAE for example. So what we're seeing is there is pent-up demand the corridors, which are very few right now that are open are getting a lot of it and as corridor start to open you will see different travel pattern when you pre-COVID but I just seem to be a lot of desire to travel.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, I mean just a little more color on the B2B side and the - as Al said in the card-based part of the business, we're seeing the small business side recover nicely. The large and medium-size side is the one that is still somewhat sluggish. We don't have a big travel related component in our card-based B2B business. On B2B Connect, we continue to build a nodes, lot of interest and we have some big new clients that will be ramping and hopefully, we can tell you more about that in the next few quarters. And then in the very large AR/AP business, there continues to be interest. We are very focused on trying to figure out the use cases that have traction and how we create value, but I wouldn't say that there is any dramatic shift, it remains the category of people are trying to figure out a way to create value there. So we'll again tell you more as things develop.
Vasant Prabhu: I mean what happens. I'll take the second part first. What happens to cross-border is anybody's guess, right. So we gave you a range of 25.5% to 26.5%. We have seen, let's say, a 6 point improvement from Q3 to Q4, from Q4, 41% down to where it's running in October is a 4 point improvement. So we've assumed some modest improvements through the year. So it's not saying that there is no improvement implied in there is some modest improvement. I think that's probably the best way to think about it, but it is a range, it's hard to estimate, we've giving you the best range. We will tell you more as the year goes by. And then your first question, and I'll now let Al take that.
