Ryan McInerney: Yes. Thanks for the question. We have a wonderful relationship with Block, a deep partnership across many different elements, as I mentioned. As it relates to the lawsuit, there was some confusion in the market by the lawsuit. There is really nothing new here. The lawsuit is included in the MDL 1720. And thus, the lawsuit itself is covered litigation under our share class structure. So I would really put it in the category of nothing new here. And all the way back to the beginning of your question, we deeply value our relationship with Block and feel great about the deep and extended partnership we have with them.
Ryan McInerney: Yes. Thanks for the question. I mean the truth is we are at the beginning of the journey across all of our value-added services businesses. They all have enormous TAM. We all have – they have enormous runway in terms of the opportunity to continue to penetrate. Our Acceptance Solutions business, whether it’s CyberSource or Verifi or Visa Acceptance Cloud, I mean enormous amount of runway there. In issuing, we’ve talked about the opportunity we have now with Pismo when we close on that deal, and the same thing with DPS risk and identity advisory. I mean it really is – they are all businesses that have enormous TAM. We’re in the very early innings of our penetration, and we don’t see in any of those businesses anywhere close to running out of runway anytime.
Ryan McInerney: Craig, thanks for the two questions. I’ll take the second one first. We are continuing to see the benefits of our investment all around the world. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re seeing issuers, consumers shift share to Visa, shift their preference to Visa. And it happens in different ways in different countries versus the domestic schemes. But it is coming back to what you said, which is our ability to consistently invest in security features and tokenization and new digital use cases, we believe, is what’s helping us win in that space. If you go back to the first part of your question, these types of things are going to happen when you’re building out a new platform like we are in Visa Direct. It’s still the very early days of building out Visa Direct. We’re expanding in geographies and use cases. And as different partners use Visa Direct and they start to try it for different use cases, they’ll find some of them work great. And other ones, they’ll find opportunities to use it differently. In the case of the situation in Latin America that I mentioned, they started the journey of what they were working on using Visa Direct. They found it to be a more efficient way to get going in their journey, and then they found that they built an internal ledger system that they didn’t have originally. But as I mentioned, they are going to continue to use our services for a number of things that they do. And listen, I think as we all talk over the coming quarters and years as we build out this platform, there is going to be ebbs and flows. There is going to be use cases that grow faster than others and things that stick and others that don’t, and that’s what building a new global business that has the reach of our platform is going to have.
Ryan McInerney: No implications you should be considering. It won’t surprise you, we don’t feel great that consumers get surcharge. But of course, in certain jurisdictions in the U.S. and around the world, merchants have the ability to do that, and some choose to do it. Many choose to do it, and then they choose to pull back on it because it’s not a great customer experience. The small adjustment that we made that you referenced was one. Just making sure that when consumers do get surcharge, it’s something that’s fair and equitable, and that was the purpose of the change.
Ryan McInerney: Hi Lisa. Yes, thanks. So, it is one of the things we have been talking about is how we can build value-added services for new networks, specifically for RTP as it starts to grow and expand around the world. So, I guess how it works to the core of your question. So, first of all, what we have done is we have built a real-time risk score. We have built it uniquely for instant payments, where there is often unique cases of fraud in terms of how they work. We built it using deep learning AI models. And what it does is it enables banks to be able to decide whether to approve or reject the transaction in real time, which is the capability that most banks or most real-time payments networks around the world have been very hungry for. It’s a score from 1 to 99. It comes with an instant real-time code that explains the score. And what it does is it leverages our proprietary data that kind of we have used to enhance our own risk algorithms as well as the data that we see on a lot of our payment platforms, including Visa Direct. And one of the benefits of us bringing that to market is it integrates with the bank’s existing fraud and risk tools. Because we are often providing these types of risk scores to banks and they are ingesting them from us, it directly integrates into their fraud and risk tools, so the real-time information, their systems know how to use it. It can be automated into their decisioning algorithms and those types of things. So, think about it – if you back way up, if you think about it, it’s similar to our Visa Advanced Authorization service that we offer on VisaNet. But we have built from the bottoms up, clean sheet of paper, a customized solution, leveraging deep learning AI models and integrated that directly into the bank system so that they can ingest that in real time. The pilot is just getting going. It’s very early days, so we will report back as we learn more. And hopefully, we will have more examples like this to talk about around the world.
Ryan McInerney: Sure. Thanks for the question. We remain very excited about B2B in general. It’s an enormous TAM, and we are just kind of scratching the surface, and we are very excited about commercial specifically. We have the largest commercial business on the planet, as we have talked about in the past. I think it’s in the neighborhood of $1.5 trillion of payment volume, and we have been releasing numbers of innovations into the market in that space. we have released Visa Spend Clarity, which helps our clients with expense management, Visa Commercial Pay, which helps with control. There is a lot of things we have done around enabling acceptance around the world. So, we feel good about it. As it relates to the volume, some of the dynamics that we are seeing in the commercial space are similar to what we are seeing in the consumer space, you have the impact from fuel and those types of things. But as we think over the next 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years, we have never been more excited about the opportunities that we have got. And we have never felt better about the product that we are putting in the market, and we are getting great feedback from our clients as well.
Ryan McInerney: Why don’t I – I will take the first part and let Vasant take the second part. It’s early days with Reg II. There has been a lot of work that happened ahead of the July 1 date, but there is also work still happening. As it relates to our views on our ability to compete in the space, we are – we continue to be very excited and confident about our ability to compete. We think that many merchants are going to still choose to route to Visa. As you all know, merchants bear liability for fraud in the e-commerce space. So, when they are making decisions, it’s not just a cost-based decision. And we bring a lot to merchants in terms of the way we help them with managed risk. We have advanced fraud tools, advanced risk scoring capabilities. And as you know, we also have the product functionality enabled by dual messaging to enable a lot of use cases that are key in the e-commerce space. So, we are – we feel very good about our ability to compete. And there is still a lot that’s going to happen over the course of the next many months and quarters, and we will keep you posted on how it evolves.
Ryan McInerney: Hi Tien-tsin. What we are trying to do is serve our clients. I mean that’s where it all starts with. And what our clients are looking for is they are looking for innovative processing solutions. They are increasingly looking for cloud-native API-based services. Processing is certainly one of those. We have heard from clients around the world that many of them are embarking on digital transformations in their processing platforms. And so when we hear that from our clients, we immediately get to work on how we can help them, how we can serve them. We went through a global process looking at all the different players around the world, and we identified Pismo as the best. We literally studied hundreds of companies. We met with dozens of them. And after a deep, thorough scan, we identified Pismo. And yes, Pismo is the kind of tech platform, Tien-tsin that you were alluding to. That is the type of tech that our clients are increasingly looking for. And in this example, it was an opportunity for us to buy the leading player that could help clients serve their customers, expand globally and deliver a lot of new leading edge use cases to their customers. So, we are very excited about it. Thanks for the question.
Vasant Prabhu: Thanks, Sanjay. Yes. I mean the general term we’ve used all along is stability, and we think things are still very stable. You look at transactions growth, it’s been very stable in the U.S., around 8%. If you just adjust for the Omicron uptick we had last quarter, and you go back to pre-COVID trends or first quarter trends, transactions growth has been very stable. Clearly, some of the change in trends we pointed to ticket size. I don’t think I want to get into talking about next year. We will leave that to Ryan and Chris in October, which is when we normally do talk about next year. But more – in the more near-term, the fourth quarter, the biggest hit to ticket size has been fuel, and fuel comparisons are going to moderate. And so that should help us a bit in the fourth quarter, and that’s reflected in our expectations. In general, I would say the trends we’re seeing across the board are unchanged from where they have been for the past several months.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. I mean it’s – well, thanks for saying those nice things. I – in general, on incentives, they were in line with what we expected. So there were no surprises there. And incentives, everybody focuses on the percentage. If you look at what really counts, which is net revenue growth, we had healthy net revenue growth in the quarter. Even with the exchange rate drag, we were almost 12%, and the exchange rate drag would have added another point. If you look at yields, net revenue yields are higher than they were a year ago. We did have some renewals happen earlier than we expected. So we did have some renewals come into this year and Q3 that we might have thought would happen next year, but we’re happy about that. We’re always happy to renew clients even if we have to do it a little earlier. So all in all, no surprises there.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. FX volatility would not affect value-added services. We don’t count our treasury revenues in value-added services. So, value-added services are benefiting from structural and secular things. First, it’s deepening our penetration of existing clients. So, it’s a concerted effort to sell more services to existing clients. Second is some of the services were not operating globally. We are now making these services available around the world. So, it allows us to clearly increase the scope of the market. And then third, as you know, we have been adding services over time. So, this is a long-term growth engine for us. Our goal is to continue to grow it at a very hefty clip. And think about it as, to get a transaction and the more services you can layer on and the more value you can add to the transaction, the more yield you can get on it. So, it’s very much a growth engine, one of three, and we think it can grow for a very long time.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. So, just to correct, the way to think about value-added services yield, and I know you are looking at the revenue and dividing it by the volume, is there the yield on the transaction and then there is the yield on the exchange rate translation services we provide. Where the yield has gone down, because it was very high last year, is on the exchange rate translation service, what we call our treasury revenues, because currency volatility last year was 30% to 40% higher than it is right now. Currency volatility right now is a little higher than the long-term average. But last year, it was at extraordinary highs. In fact, in the fourth quarter, we will lap some of the highest levels of currency volatility reached last year. And based on where volatilities are today versus last year, volatilities are down almost 40%. So, it’s a sizable move. So, any yield difference you see in that line is because of treasury revenues. It’s not from our core cross-border yields, which remain very steady. It’s going to fluctuate based on currency volatility. And really, it’s still decent. It’s just that it was very high last year.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. I will start and maybe Ryan can add. No, there is no change in capital allocation strategy, which is pay a dividend. The dividend has a certain set of criteria we use between a certain percentage range of our EPS. It gets to a certain yield, and it’s almost $1 billion a quarter now. We do buybacks generally out of free cash flow. We have historically not borrowed to do buybacks. And clearly, our first priority is to invest in the core business and to do acquisitions that make sense. And as you can see, we have been doing both. In terms of the volume of buybacks, remember that we did contribute $850 million to the escrow account, which is also equivalent to a buyback. So, if you count that in, we are probably around $9 billion or so in buybacks, if I remember right, so far this year. Clearly, we have more capacity if you want to do buybacks. We have always said that if we felt there was a disruption in the market and stock was trading at levels that did not reflect intrinsic value, we would be willing to step up our buybacks and borrow money if that made sense. So obviously, we will keep you posted if any of our plans change. Ryan, you may want to add some things.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. On the Brazil topic, you should ask Mastercard what was unique to them, really no change from our standpoint as it relates to Brazil.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. Thank you. Yes, it is largely volatility-driven because of the very high volatilities we had last year and more normal volatilities we are getting to now. Beyond that, there is some FX impact, obviously. That line is always affected by FX more than any other line in the P&L. And other than that, there are always mix factors. It depends on corridors and all that. There is always some impact from that. But I would say the bulk of it is the two we have talked about, volatility and exchange rates.
