Vasant Prabhu: Yes, Harshita, that is a great question. As you know, 2 things we told you on the last call have remained true. One that, generally, countries around the world want to keep borders open, China being 1 exception, and some restrictions in Japan, Korea and Taiwan. And I include Hong Kong also in that list. Other than that, you can travel pretty freely anywhere else in the world. Some of them need tests, some don't even need tests. So that's true. The second is the pent-up demand for travel remains very high. And early indications on summer bookings, et cetera, as you heard from other people have been very good. So in our sort of calculations, certainly, we've been surprised so far even though we were bullish with how fast things have recovered. As you saw, after January, the recovery has been very robust. At this point, we're pretty optimistic that inbound to the U.S., which is still indexing only at 70 as of the end of March -- as of the end of the second quarter is on a good recovery track. There's still some recovery left in and out of Europe. So those things will certainly help us get back to 2019 levels. And you're absolutely right, I think the how fast and how far we get to, where we should have been prepandemic will depend on Asia coming back. Asia indexed at under 40 in the second quarter. China is an important part of Asia, it is still incredibly depressed. Japan, Korea and Taiwan are also important parts of Asian cross-border travel. Asia is recovering. We're seeing some good trends in Asia. Certainly travel into parts of Asia, like India, Thailand, Indonesia, et cetera, Australia and New Zealand are picking up fast. But you're right. I mean, getting all the way to 130 will depend on the remaining big travel components in Asia, which would be China, Japan and Korea, really coming back. And we'll have to wait and see on that, and we'll update you on the next call.
Vasant Prabhu: No, it's 2 things, Tien-Tsin, as I said in the comments. Number one, you saw that our cross-border recovery in the quarter was stronger than we expected. We'd had expect a good recovery, but this was stronger than we expected. That improves our mix, but even with the strong recovery, our mix of cross-border is still lower than it was prepandemic. So the mix affects the percentage. As you know, the percentage is numerator and denominator. When cross-border grows disproportionately, the denominator grows without a commensurate increase in the numerator, just given the nature of how many of our incentives work. And that helps that percentage, and that's why the percentage came at the lower end of the range. The second reason is there are always timing factors, timing factors in terms of renewals, timing as in when we recognize incentives linked to achieving certain milestones that contracts have, and that has pushed some of those incentives into the third quarter. So we expected third quarter to run above the upper end of the range, so to speak. For the full year, we still expect to be in the range we gave you. So it's all driven by a combination of mix and timing.
Vasant Prabhu: Sure. So it is a 4-point revenue impact from Russia. So that's pretty much what the revenue impact would be. We gave you a sense of what our revenue expectations are for the quarter in constant dollars, upper end to mid-teens. If it hadn't been for Russia, you'd have added 4 points to that. So it's still strong despite that. And as you said, it's because the loss of Russia is offset to some degree by the cross-border business being stronger. We have a similar issue or similar impact on the expense side, mid-teens expense growth helped by Russian expenses going away and there are 2 main Russian expenses that go away. We used to pay the processor in Russia for processing transactions. We no longer have to pay them. Obviously, when you're in business, you do marketing and provide a bunch of other services. Some of our personnel-related costs in Russia will remain. We've made some commitments to our employees in Russia about other roles. So those don't all go away. So that does reduce our expenses in the second half. Probably, in the range of about 2 to 3 points. On the other hand, we do have Tink and Currencycloud now that are coming in, which were not there last year, and that's about 3 points. So it sort of washes and goes in the other direction. And then finally, exchange rates will help expenses to the tune of about 1.5 points. So those are all the moving parts. Our expenses would have been probably 2 or 3 points higher if Russia had not been -- if operations in Russia had not been suspended.
Vasant Prabhu: Well, partially. Mainly, because the incentives would go with it tend to be lower and it's a higher-yielding business. Yes.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. Yes, Darren. Our full year outlook incorporates the impacts of Russia in the second half. It reflects the fact that the second quarter was as strong as it was. So when you look at the first half and what growth we had in the first half, despite the impact of Russia on the second half, in constant dollars, we still expect to be in the high teens to 20%.
Vasant Prabhu: Sure. So the primary factors that allowed the quarter to be stronger than we expected was clearly international revenues. And international revenues were not only stronger in terms of cross-border volumes being stronger than we expected. The recovery was from 71 to about 94 index to '19 between the end of January and March, which was clearly very, very strong. So that definitely was 1 of the outperformers. Because of the war in Ukraine, currency volatility was also high, and the fact that the cross-border business helps volumes add-in currency volatility and our treasury revenues were also higher than we expected. So those were 2 major contributors. And on the service line, as you know, we recognize service fees with a lag. In the case of Russia, because operations were being suspended, we were able to bill and collect revenues for the second quarter through when we suspended operations, and that added probably -- it would be less than 1 point to revenues, maybe a little over 0.5 point. So that did help. But other than that, it was all driven by just strength across the board. Value-added services performed very well, too.
Vasant Prabhu: No. I think what you will see in the future is more of what you've seen in the past. Acquisitions that can add to our capabilities like Tink did, like Currencycloud did expand the suite of services we can offer, which is what both Tink and Currencycloud do. Acquisitions where we decide it's faster or cheaper to buy than to build. In some cases, it could be acquisitions that expand the scope of an existing service like Earthport did with our payouts business around the world. And yes, to the extent that the correction we're seeing in public markets carries over to private markets over a period of time, certainly, we expect to be more active. And we have no specific objectives in terms of we're going to do X amount in acquisitions every year. It's going to be based on what makes sense to do and where we can create value.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. It's part of our network or network's approach. So we're network agnostic and acquisitions like YellowPepper and what we did with Earthport are the kinds of capabilities that allow us to send to any credential, including a bank account as part of -- we'll get your money there and part of the way maybe on the rail that's not ours.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. Just to add to what Al said, I mean we clearly have seen -- we've seen ticket sizes go up in the U.S., in particular, in Europe, but it's not all inflation. Some of it is mix. It's mix driven by the fact that the card-present transactions, which often tend to be smaller transactions, have not yet fully come back. It's mix also because e-commerce transactions, even when you do everyday purchases, can be larger ticket sizes. We could even see ticket sizes go down in inflationary times as card-present comes back. So as Al said, there's multiple impacts from inflation. Net-net, it's a positive for us. We have not seen any impact on discretionary spending that we can discern. If anything, discretionary spending, especially from affluent consumers and credit cardholders has been going up quite healthily. So in general, there isn't any evidence impact -- evident impact on inflation, but obviously, we'll keep looking for it.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. So we talk about cross-border travel ex intra-Europe, and we are now expecting, given where it ended the second quarter to be at or about likely 2019 by the end of our fiscal year. And you’re absolutely right, the last time we talked to you, we said we'd probably be around 90%. We're running better than we expected so far, so we've definitely raised our view of that. Now inclusive of intra-Europe, that would put us above 2019 levels by the end of our fiscal year. So yes, I think you got it right.
Al Kelly: Well, thank you, Lisa. This B2B segment is about $122 trillion opportunity, of which $20 trillion is in the carded space and then a $10 trillion in the cross-border space. So in the carded space, we already are the largest provider of commercial card volume. And our focus has continued to be on growing the number of issuers that are issuing commercial cards because it's a lot less than the number of people issue consumer cards. And we're also very focused on the travel and fuel use cases in addition to obviously purchasing cards and corporate cards, which are a more traditional element of this carded B2B space. We're also trying to continue to grow acceptance. There are acceptance gaps in the commercial space that hold us back from getting all the volume that we could potentially get. We are making strides, but there's still a ways to go in terms of having an acceptance footprint that mirrors the type of broad-based acceptance footprint that we have on the commercial side. It's a very important part of the business. It has attractive yields. It's -- generally has the ability to -- it was growing faster than consumer prior to COVID, and we believe that it can grow faster than consumer when we get back to a more normal time post the pandemic and obviously, one big factor there will be the pace at which business travel returns.  In the cross-border space, obviously, our major thrust there is B2B Connect. And our major focus on B2B Connect continues to be to grow out the network by having more and more banks in more and more countries involved in the network, and that has been and continues to be our focus more so than driving transactions at this point. And our belief is that once we get the network to a level where it is quite robust that transaction flow will happen fairly quickly. So those are some of the things that we're focused on to try to drive this very, very important space, which I continue to believe is an enormous opportunity for us going forward.
Al Kelly: The only thing I would add, Tien-Tsin, you followed us for a while. I mean there's art and science to this, in forecasting. And a lot of times, just dealing with the timing point that Vasant was talking about, we make assumptions about when deals will get done. We then make assumptions about how long it will take to get a deal launched or get a migration going and then we make assumptions about the performance of that deal. And the odds of us getting all of that right across hundreds of deals that happened during the course of the year. make this not the easiest thing to always forecast. But I think we do a largely good job, but the explanation that Vasant gave about why we came in at the low end this quarter is those main 2 factors of timing and mix, driven by outperformance across the border.
Al Kelly: Well, thank you. Just as a reminder for everybody, I highlighted Tink in my remarks, but I didn't talk about the fact that it's got thousands of developers on the other side of the 3,400 banks that I did cite. And today, it operates in 18 markets across Europe. Its revenue model is largely a per API call, although there are some subscription basis on some of its value-added services. Our goal is to position ourselves in the middle of open banking in a place -- in a world where it's most advanced, which is Europe. And we believe that our complementary capabilities will help drive adoption of Tink's capabilities and provide incremental value to clients. Clearly, our -- maybe not clearly, but I'll make it clear. Our focus initially is going to be on Europe. That's where Tink is strong, that's where it's got a large presence, and that's where we could -- we think that we could be additive in terms of driving their business forward. But certainly, we will -- we anticipate and anticipated when we looked at Tink and made the decision to buy it, that we will leverage its capabilities and extended their capabilities to other markets. But we want to make sure that our investment is focused. We never like to kind of peanut our investment across too many places at one time. So it's better, we think, to perfect our partnership together in the place where we both have strength, which is Europe, and we'll go from there.
Al Kelly: So there are -- inflation has some puts and takes on our business. Service fees and international fees are basis points on volume. So inflation typically lifts transaction size, but we’re offsetting that and incentives are also tied to volume, so there's some offset to that lift.  Fuel prices go up, but then on the other hand, sometimes consumers tend to moderate their buying in times of large increases in gas to the degree that, over time, if it was to happen, the dollar was to weaken, that increases inbound cross-border flows and the U.S. inbound corridor is one of our largest and higher-yielding corridors. Expenses for personnel and marketing, professional fees could go up. But I'd say 2 things and then ask Vasant to add anything he wants. So far, we're not -- as I said and I think what Vasant said in his remarks, we're really not seeing much impact that's causing us any concern in our numbers. And then the last thing I'd say, net-net, historically, inflation has been positive for us.
Al Kelly: James, I'll just share 1 quick data point with you. We recently looked at restaurant spending by various strata and the highest-performing strata in terms of growth is the $100 to $300 ticket price, and the second best performing strata was over $300. So that just gives you some sense. That's very recent data of the Affluent being back in the market and not afraid to spend in an important spend category.
