Vasant M. Prabhu: Yes. As I mentioned, it was sort of mid-single digits accretion in 2017 and cumulatively getting to the high single digits, so you could say once again, it adds probably in a low single digits accretion in 2018, so generally in that ballpark. So as you know, that's ahead of where we expected to be at this stage. No, I would say as Al said to that, 2017 performance was driven as much by revenue as expenses. So the revenue picture has been strong in Europe for two reasons. The local economies, they have been strong, and cross-border was particularly strong in Europe in 2017 because of the weak pound and the euro, a lot of cross border into the U.K. especially. And as we look at 2018, the economic situation in Europe at least as we look at it still looks very strong at a local level and the cross-border business is holding up. So it's going to be, again, I think revenue being a major driver of it. I don't know, Al, if you have something else.
Vasant M. Prabhu: And of course, we got the legal entity reorganization done, which meant that the effective tax rate on our European earnings is lower than what we might have expected immediately post the transaction.
Vasant M. Prabhu: I'm not exactly sure what you're referring to as far as the volume and revenue growth aspects of the fourth quarter. There was nothing unusual in the fourth quarter. It was a pretty steady growth quarter. There should not be anything unusual there unless I'm not fully understanding your question. As far as it relates to the first three weeks of October, we've said over and over again in the past that three weeks don't make a trend. Having said that, why is the number 7.4%? There's a little bit of shift in what are these intra-Europe cross-border volumes that accounts for probably 1.5 points or so of the difference from last quarter. Intra-Europe, sometimes acquirers and merchants can shift where they acquire the volume, and that can cause something that was considered an intra-Europe transaction to a domestic transaction. It doesn't have much of a revenue impact, but we do see that within the EU. The other factors are really driven more by a strengthening dollar causing some slowdowns, as I said in my comments, on outbound commerce from the U.S. and some limited impact from what's happening in the Caribbean and Mexico. But again, there's a lot going on in cross-border with these currency shifts, and we'll just have to wait and see. We feel pretty good about it.
Vasant M. Prabhu: On the first part of your question, which is your revenue growth was 14% despite incentives being 21.7%, I just want to make sure you heard what I said about the fact that in the fourth quarter of 2017, while we were lapping Europe in 2016, the rebates were still in place in the fourth quarter of 2016. So it's not apples-to-apples yet for Europe on the revenue front because the rebates stop being paid in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. So you really only have to get out of the first quarter of 2017 where you're comparing Europe one year to the other in a real apples-to-apples way. That's number one. Number two, we went through some of the Costco/USAA comparatives. So there are a couple of factors that make the fourth quarter that we just had have things in it that are not going to be like what you've seen in the first quarter and beyond next year. As it relates to incentives, yes, some of it is the shift. But as you know, we just went through in Europe a large number of what we call contract conversions from rebates to incentives. All those now flow through the incentive line next year, so clearly that's a factor. And then we had, as you heard, several large renewals this year. That flows through. And we don't really want to comment on what happens in 2019 and beyond. But as Al said, we've given you the best picture we can of what to expect in 2018.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yeah. I wouldn't emphasize share gains per se. Yes, we had a gain in Europe, which did help the growth rate in that line. But data processing has been a very healthy business. It's a great business. As I think Al mentioned, we would like to increase processing around the world. It has been growing in that 13% range all year while clearly having Costco and USAA come in the U.S. helped that, too. As we look ahead, we said we'd see a little bit of a step-down because of these lapping effects but still healthy double-digit growth. Beyond that, there really wasn't anything remarkable there. It's just a good, strong, fast growth business.
Alfred F. Kelly: No, I think that's fair. I think as I said, we're bullish on Europe, and I think it's a combination of what we're getting done on the revenue side and the expense side.
Alfred F. Kelly: Bryan, I think we're, at this point, laser beam focused on 2018 and trying to take this in one step at a time. I think we feel very good about where we ended 2017. We feel very good about where we think we're going to head in 2018. And hopefully, there's a trend there. But right now, we're focused on 2018 and getting to that next step in terms of the value that Europe is delivering to the entire Visa enterprise.
Alfred F. Kelly: I think the only other dynamic I'd remind you of, Dan, is that we're seeing based on the actions we're taking fairly good margin expansion in Europe, which is now a part of the overall mix of the margin number for all of Visa. But other than that, I would agree totally with Vasant's comment, which is we're going to invest at the level that makes sense and we feel good about and margins as an outcome, not a goal.
Alfred F. Kelly: Don, I think a good characteristic of any CEO is to be a bit paranoid. And while we just talked about very, very strong results in FY 2017, I can tell you that we are really laser-focused on the future and the fact that there are disruptive forces in the marketplace. I think that as it relates to real-time payments, I think we feel like we've got a very good tool in our toolbox in terms of Visa Direct. And as I said in my remarks, we saw volume on Visa Direct rise 75% year over year. The likes of Alipay and WeChat have done a phenomenal job in China and have started to migrate to other geographies. And you can rest assured that it is something that we pay a tremendous amount of attention to, and we're going to do everything we can to make sure that we remain a key player at the focal point of the payments ecosystem.
Alfred F. Kelly: The only thing I'd add is again, a small impact, but it's the lapping of some of the U.S. conversions.
Alfred F. Kelly: Lisa, thank you for the question. I think I mentioned I'm heading to London right after this call, and this is actually something that's on our agenda to discuss. The issue you raise is real. I think in the case of Europe, as a reminder, the bulk of our business or a large percentage of our business is in the UK. And as we actually look to penetrate further into the continent, we're going to have to make sure that we have strong offerings in credit as well as debit. And we, by the way, tend to be even further behind in credit in some markets than we are in the case of debit. And we're going to have to make sure that our value propositions are differentiated in certain ways to make sure that we are indeed a player. But there's no question that these country-based networks are something we're going to have to contend with.
Alfred F. Kelly: So I think there's a number of objectives that the regulators have. They're looking for – to protect the privacy of consumers. They're looking to make sure that transactions are as secure as they possibly can be. They're looking to create and foster more innovation and allowing FinTechs to get into the stream a bit more, and that's facilitating the idea of opening up access to bank accounts around Europe as defined in PSD2. So I think that what the regulators are trying to accomplish is relatively clear. I think where it all lands and what the various use cases that might develop is probably less clear. We focus on a couple of things. One is making sure that we are having good open dialog with the regulators so that they understand our point of views and have clarity around what exists that's good in the payments ecosystem and how the payments ecosystem is evolving. Secondly, we're working closely with our clients, particularly issuers and acquirers, around Europe to understand what are some of the implications and frankly, what are potentially some of the opportunities, making sure that we help them as they try to meet the authentication hurdles that the regulators want people to achieve as well as understanding the implications of PSD2 and open access to accounts and what that might mean. And I think we have found ourselves having excellent dialog with clients throughout Europe, and it's something that we'll be continuing to focus on. I actually will meet with regulators tomorrow when I'm in London.
