Byron H. Pollitt: So let me respond to that. First, just to be clear on the incentive piece, a large contributor to the reduction in the incentive guidance going forward and to a certain extent this quarter, when we signed the Chase agreement it restructured how we price so that as I said in my opening remarks, gross fees are coming down along with incentives and it's largely an offset. So while incentives for the balance of the year are expected to come in, in that 16% to 17% range, that in and of itself is not a significant contributor to the revenue performance for the balance of the year because we haven't changed our overall revenue guidance. So we are well positioned within the low double-digit range. And what we're seeing underlying that is strong, sustained performance globally. And we're two quarters now under our belt. And because of our quarter lag, remember that we actually have visibility to three quarters of service revenue. We have a much higher degree of certainty of how the year will flow out. And given the strength we're seeing outside the U.S. had good sustained recovery in our U.S. debit business as you've pointed out, and particularly as we enter into the April, May, June quarter, this will anniversary the Dodd-Frank routing rules. Notice I said Dodd-Frank not Durbin. And so while the debit business in the U.S. has sustained a meaningful loss particularly in the interlink, we're pleased with the way our mitigation strategies have unfolded and the way the business has been recovering over the past several quarters.
Byron H. Pollitt: The pricing approach that Visa Europe pursues is one that's still very much based on a bank-owned membership arrangement. And so it's different than what we have here in the United States for Visa and globally outside of Europe. Having said that, Visa Europe is still not priced to be competitive with other competitors like MasterCard in that arena, and so we've not done a detailed analysis of what the comparisons are, but there is a presumption that to be competitive you have to price competitively. And we consider Visa Europe very competitive in that part of the world. So don't really have a comment on that. And with regards to the cash volumes in Latin America, don't have a comment on that either. And so we'll – that's when we'll have to take a look into and we'd be happy to get back to you through IR.
Byron H. Pollitt: Yeah, let me do the second one first. Everything else being equal, yes the gross revenue yields would come down isolated to that one factoring Chase, because you still have the transactions, but the way that they are being charged gross equals net, no incentives. And so incentives would go down, gross yield would go down.
Byron H. Pollitt: Okay. So on the first question; we're not the type of organization that waits for our clients to call us. I mean in all seriousness, we talk with our clients literally day-in and day-out. So when this was announced, there were certainly extensive conversations that have gone on and continue to go on with clients of all sizes. And even before the announcement, the conversations that we've had were very consistent with the messaging that I laid out on the last call, which is that we want to be more flexible, we want to evolve our rules and we want to focus much more on working with merchants. So we are actively involved in talking to institutions of all sizes. I would describe them as very, very different types of conversations with people having different capabilities and different desires. And when I went through my introductory remarks, I kind of laid out what some of the principles are for us to follow, but if we can do things with them that would help them grow their business and help us grow payment volume, that's something we're very excited to do.
Byron H. Pollitt: I would just add to that. When we gave the original guidance that Charlie referred to at the beginning of the fiscal year, we said that it was that we would deliver our revenue the old fashion way through volume increases and that there would not be a material reliance on any sort of price -- pricing overall within the business plan for the year.
Byron H. Pollitt: Let me start with the -- so why don’t we start with the numbers. So the answer to the first part of the question was, do we expect to be volume accretive with the signing of this contract going into the – excuse me, revenue accretive going into the next year and the absolute – the question is absolutely yes, that when we factor in all the elements of the deal including those who reference we expect to have positive revenue growth with the Chase relationship in the coming year. And relative to the reaction of – from banks and acquirers to Chase, I mean I would honestly – I guess, I would say it was mixed initially and quite candidly it was probably confusing because there were not a lot of facts because there were terms disclosed at the point of a letter of intent not a final contract which is what we have signed now. So we have been able to have much more in depth conversations about what it is, similar to what we’ve talked about here. And I think the conversation is very much at move to what is it, it's confusing, what does it mean and this is both on the bank side and the acquirer side to really what Visa do to help them customize and differentiate with their experience. So we’re having that discussion, again from small institutions to much bigger institutions and acquirers alike and as I said, I think the overwriting concept here is; the world is changing around us. And there are lots of people that we compete with and people who want to compete with us that have strategies around working with merchants at point of sale and if we don’t figure out how to evolve our model to encourage issuers and acquirers to do that then we’ll be leaving great opportunity on the table and so we do have to be flexible on how we do it as long as we don’t think that it violates any of the principles that I spoke about before and we feel very good that what we’re doing actually does that.
Byron H. Pollitt: And I’ll just add, as we -- all of our work that we’ve got going on with merchants as I talked about, CyberSource and its capabilities are a tremendous advantage for us in those conversations.
Byron H. Pollitt: So, in the commercial side this is – a lot of success in this marketplace is dependent on the sophistication of the platforms that you bring to bear to service corporate clients. It's a very information reporting intensive business. And we have made significant investments over the last several years in a platform we refer to as IntelliLink. We believe what we have today is a state-of-the-art and one that has been compared to where we were five years ago has been a game changer for us in terms of being much more successful in capturing commercial business, and it's largely driven by the investments in the sophistication of reporting multi-currency, multi-country and that's really the lead card we play.
Byron H. Pollitt: Let me just add on the economics, John, that this business has always been built on an economic business model that says the larger the clients, the larger the portfolio, the better pricing you get. And this was one of our largest clients, one of the largest portfolios. We had the opportunity to enter into a 10-year arrangement that has a set of economics that are consistent with how we have been doing multi-year contracts with other clients over the years, including Chase. And given the size of this portfolio and where we expected to be over the next five and 10 years, is there margin compression? Yes. But that margin compression is consistent and the same zip code is what we would normally have expected to have put on the table given the size of the portfolio and the kind of growth that we are expecting this partnership to produce. So from that standpoint, we are very comfortable with the economics of this deal.
Charles W. Scharf: Let me just add to Byron's response on the Visa Europe question. As I said in the remarks, there's a very defined process that we would go through with Visa Europe where we look at the sustainable earnings power of the company. And I would presume a big part of that discussion would be what the sustainable revenue contribution would be as the model evolved and there is plenty of time throughout that process to have that discussion with them, if we get to that point.
Charles W. Scharf: The answer is no. We have – we began life as a public company committed to return excess cash to shareholders. We have done that aggressively over five plus years. Every time that was an opportunity to in effect put money into the escrow on behalf of the U.S. bank shareholders. And do that in a way that it had the effect of share repurchase, we did that. Have that money not going into the escrow. I’m fairly confident in saying that we’d have ended up buying back in the open market, those shares. And just the final point, you mentioned the buyback and the dividends for the period. If we think about our commitment in the following way. I think there is underscores not our commitment to return. We have guided $6 billion of free cash flow for the year. Roughly one billion of that six will be generated in offshore in ways that we’d not bring back to the U.S. and subjected to taxes at least at this – any time in the near future. That leaves $5 billion. We have authorization to repurchase a little over $4 billion for the year of which we have basically bought back through the first six months $3 billion of the $4 billion and if you take four full quarters of dividend payments, you’re approaching a $1 billion. So if have the share repurchases and set forward to the dividends of one, you get $5 billion of the $6 billion of free cash flow, in effect return to shareholders in the $1 billion that isn’t is offshore.
Charles W. Scharf: And on the first point, let me take a shot at that for a second. So, there – the EC is investing – is investigating several different things. One of which is INTRA, European Credit Interchange, so this is where there is a card issued within Europe and its used inside of Europe. That affects Visa Europe, it does not affect us. For say, and they are also investigating inter – interchange, which is when it is a card issued outside of Europe and its used inside of Europe. We obviously don’t know since we’re in discussions with them weird winds up, we have nothing to report on exactly the specifics of what they’re thinking in relative to how it impacts their view of the put. I think honestly that is a – that’s a question for them, whether its for Visa Europe or for the banks themselves. I would say – what we think about is what it does to our thinking about Visa Europe. And in the different scenarios that I spoke about, to the extent that we have to go through a valuation process to understand what the sustainable earnings of Visa Europe would be, that whatever the conclusion of this inquiry would be, would obviously help us – point us towards what the affect of this could certainly be. And if it's something outside of the put, we would obviously have to take into account as well. But when it's concluded, we'll know the specifics and we'll be in a position to understand the impacts
Charles W. Scharf: Let me take the question on the CFPB. As you might imagine we have quite a bit of experience globally working with regulators and it's not uncommon for them to reach out in a very informational way to try and understand how certain practices unfold within our ecosystem, and that is very much the nature of this dialogue with the CFPB. They have reached out and asked us if we would help them – help educate them on how the currency trading ecosystem works as it relates to credit and debit cards. And so myself along with a number of my colleagues have met with them personally. It was a very straightforward educational type discussion focused on the mechanics of how currency conversion works. I would describe the working relationship as very cordial, very sound. I would say at the same time that our engagement is ongoing and we will of course keep you all informed as this dialogue unfolds.
Charles W. Scharf: I didn't realize that spring was the period of time for new fees. I think I'll leave it at the revenue guidance overall that Byron gave, I think that's – for us to talk about in another level of detail of what we're forecasting for revenues would go beyond what is our practice and that's something that we wouldn't want to get into.
Charles W. Scharf: So let me respond. So, on the data processing yield, as you all remember about a year ago as part of our Dodd-Frank debit mitigating strategy we restructured our pricing. We introduced a lower variable transaction fee. We introduced for the first time a fixed acquirer network fee. When we first introduced those in the way that we bill and record revenue we had to do that to a certain degree with some estimates, and since it was a new pricing structure. And as we conclude the March quarter, we pretty much got a year of this under our belt. And so we're now in a position where we can start to true up some of these estimates. And what you saw in the data processing yield line was some true-up there and a few credits. Going forward, I would say that the data processing yield is more likely to approximate what you saw in Q1 as opposed to Q2, still very solid but I think that's from a nerdy modeling standpoint; I think that's probably the guidance we were looking for. With regards to international, as we have talked about this particular line on several occasions before, there is always some degree of variability between volume and reported revenue. Part of it is revenue mix. Part of it is the amount of volatility we see in the currency markets. And in periods where there is a higher degree of volatility, often associated with saber rattling or conflicting claims on islands in the China Sea, anything – issues around Cypress, anything that royals the currency markets and creates more volatility, creates a bit more – has an impact on the revenue that we report. And so that was the case with international this past quarter. We had a step-up in currency volatility relative to what we've seen historically. And then we also had little bit of a tailwind with regards to the specific currency and their waiting during the quarter, some currencies just naturally yield more of a return across our fee base than others. So that's the reason.
Charles W. Scharf: So let me take that. So in the event that we needed to consider funding for Visa Europe, let me just give you the following perspective. We currently – at the end of this quarter, we have roughly 2.2 billion of cash that is in offshore accounts not immediately required for working capital. That 2.2 would be available for use in a Visa Europe put situation. Once the put – if and when the put is exercised, we have 285 days to negotiate out and fund the transaction. During that period, we would generate in the normal course of business at least 3 billion of free cash flow. So before we ever get to debt, if any were to be required, recognizing we have no debt we've got 5 billion of cash readily available to deploy. And that's not to say that we would use all that cash because this might – again, if the put were to be exercised, this might be a good opportunity to actually put some debt on the balance sheet and lower our weighted average cost of capital. The second question was CyberSource. CyberSource was acquired, as you might remember, because it moved us closer to the merchant checkout page with regards to Internet transactions. The fastest growing channel we have today is Ecom and CyberSource gives us an additional value add in the transaction and a way of directly connecting to the acquirer to our network in a way that is very synergistic with the rest of our business. When we acquired CyberSource, it was primarily a U.S. business. The opportunity for us was outside the United States. And so we have invested aggressively inside resource to accelerate the expansion of that business outside the United States and as a result have been successful in sustaining its transaction growth rate at 20 plus percent ever since we acquired the business. And I can tell you that, that transaction growth rate is slightly above the pro forma projections that we presented to our board when we justified the purchase price. So we couldn’t be more pleased with the role CyberSource is now playing in the Visa Inc global strategy as we zero in on capitalizing on the internet growth opportunity which is absolutely global in its scope.
Charles W. Scharf: Well, again I think, I guess the way we think about it is; what we’re willing -- the importance of what we did with Chase is not specifically about the Chase structure. It's about what the intent we’re trying to get at, which is to put issuers and acquirers together to work directly with merchants. So, to the extent that a bank owns an acquirer it obviously allows you to have that conversation under one roof, to the extent you have issuers who don’t control their own acquirers hopefully now they’re thinking about and that are in fact having conversations with acquirers about the types of things that they could do if they worked more closely together. The reality is, I think if you go around and talk to most issuers they would probably say that there wasn’t a lot of conversation that went on between the issuing and acquiring side, and partially because of our rules that stood in the way of them working together to do something positive for the merchant. And so now that we’ve given them the ability to do that, I don’t -- it shouldn’t -- you don’t have to own your own acquirer in order to take advantage of the changes that we’ve made. And I think quite frankly we’ll see how it evolves. I think, going back to Rod’s question earlier I mean, there are -- there’s some people that look at this and say, okay, got it, understand it, but it don’t believe it. I think it's too hard, I don’t think it's going to be successful, I don’t intend to change anything, and we’ll wait and see. And if we get to a point of, hey there’s something there then we’ve got capabilities and we’ll go forward with that. There are others that are more interested in thinking through how to take advantage of some of the things that we’re willing to do. And I think honestly this will evolve over the next, it will take -- I am going to say a couple of years. It's not the type of thing that will be -- won't be very, very short. If they involved not just conversations between issuers and acquirers but you have to have conversations with merchants. They have to believe that there’s a real value proposition there. They have got to do some thing different potentially in their stores with their customers, and that’s not always the most obviously and easy conversation but again we think it's the right conversation to have, but it's a thesis that has to be proved.
Charles W. Scharf: Okay, let me take the first one. So, just to clarify the question, did – because the Chase deal was signed in April actually, it did not have any impact to the quarter just reported. So this is – it has a retroactive effect a little bit earlier, but that is all contemplated in the guidance that we gave for the balance of the year.
Charles W. Scharf: And on the staged wallet question, so first of all just on the actual staged wallet fee that MasterCard implemented, that's not something that we're currently contemplating but we're actively thinking through what has changed in the ecosystem and how we have to react to that. Our relationship with PayPal and people like them has evolved. It's complicated. They specifically are a very important customer of ours, but they have their own ambitions and we're mindful, I think, first and foremost of the impact that they have both positively and negatively potentially on our issuers because that ultimately will be what determines our success. And I think we are actively thinking about the right way to restructure the ecosystem in a way that works for everyone. And we've got nothing to announce now, but we will at some point.
Charles W. Scharf: I guess I'll just start Byron and you can chime in. I mean, it's obviously – it's very hard right now to put things into the buckets numerically the way you spoke about. But I think when you look at our issuing base, we've certainly benefited from the partnerships that we have with the faster growing issuers out there. And you can say that that's luck on our part historically or it's that Visa targeted the right population of customers. And I think it stands for itself. Things don't happen by chance and we do have a very fast growing set of customers that we certainly benefit from. And the same thing is true relative to the co-brands that we have. Co-brands can put us just like anything else not all co-brands are equal, and we think we’ve got the premier client base out there and we’ve been clearly very big beneficiaries of that and would expect that to continue.
Charles W. Scharf: I will just add one other component to this, in addition to the quality and the growth delivered by the issuer that’s also impacted by the quality of the card holder portfolio as measured by affluent income levels and we’re very well positioned in the affluent portfolios and if you think about it, what has driven the credit card, payment volume, growth over the – certainly over the past two years has been predominantly affluent. And so being well positioned as the economy recovers this is an area where we’re well positioned to sustain this kind of growth. It should be less volatile in that sense and so we certainly feel it has strong leg. Relative to the delta, that’s a much harder one to frame.
Charles W. Scharf: Well, let’s start there. What we said they could do historically was enter into pricing arrangements, directly with merchants relative to interchange. And again anyone can do that today, and that’s not specific to on-us transactions. So, I am not sure then the rest of the question flow so if we didn’t answer it, maybe come back and ask us the question again. But they and everyone else have the ability to go and negotiate interchange and they’ve got the ability to do that in this agreement in a different format and different structure. On the size of the Chase commitment, again I think the best way to characterize that is what Byron said, which net-net all in all we think that we’re still in a position to grow revenues and how we get there and what not is, not something that I think is appropriate for us to talk about. And back on the first piece, on the EC inquiry it is on interchange, and so that would be the direct impact of what it is they’re looking at today.
Charles W. Scharf: Yeah, I mean I’ll give your point of view but again why, some of those questions I think are important for them. So specifically from our point of view, we don't believe that this structure was necessary to accomplish what the end goal is. The structure is something that we worked on together because it's something that was important to them, but that's – which is why we believe that this structure isn't specific to them that we could go accomplish the same thing by working with issuers and acquirers separately without this kind of structural transaction that occurred. The benefit in this, if we're successful at this is really related to the rule change that we made, which encourages and allows the issuers and acquirers to go talk to merchants directly and to ask the question what can we do for you or to propose an idea of we can do the following thing for you to help you drive more sales and drive more volume into your stores and in return for that presumably, there will be additional transactions that get directed to the Visa cards. Again, this structure we don't believe is necessary to do that, but it certainly allows that to happen and that's what was important to us.
