Charlie Scharf: Listen, we have and I have talked about this broadly, as well. We have a terrific relationship with Visa Europe today. We have been operating in the fashion that we have been operating now since we’ve gone public. We work closely together on a day in and day out basis. And they have responsibility for the business and the brand in Europe, and we do everything we can to enable them, and vice versa. And that's the relationship that we would see continuing if these conversations didn't move forward.
Charlie Scharf: I honestly don't think we have enough real data yet to talk intelligently about it. All I can talk about is my own experience, which is I've been using it for both. But, I mean, when we have more acceptance, and we start to see more transactions, we'll have a much better feel and we'll make sure we share that.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. I've talked about our relationship with PayPal in the past. I'm not sure it changes vary dramatically, whether they're owned as part of a broader company or they're independent. Something like half the transactions that go through eBay wallets are on general purpose cards, of which we are roughly half, and that's important. But they also have a very big business that they then use our transactions to mine from, to disintermediate our clients' relationship with us, and the client's relationship with our clients, ultimately which are their banks. And so that's something which is -- which has to evolve, and is not something that we think is sustainable for the long term.  Our view is when we think about what we have got to do in the market place, we actually don't spend a lot of time thinking about what PayPal is doing or what we're doing any more or less than we look at all the interesting people – things that people are doing in the world of digital commerce. What we're focused on is the fact that we're lucky enough to have a platform and have a client base where we're the leader in the payments business globally. Commerce is moving to digital platforms.  Forget about all of our competitors or people who want to compete with us. We're doing everything that we can to ensure that we're going to be as successful in the world of digital commerce as we have been face to face. And so to that end, you see our solutions in the marketplace such as Visa Checkout, which I obviously covered here and I've talked about elsewhere. But it also relates to all the other mobile solutions and digital solutions that you've heard us talk about, everything from our token service to the digital enablement program, as well as even more broadly opening up APIs and access, and allowing others to access our services in a way that inserts us as the payments network into experiences that people are building. So that's what we're focused on, and it's very much focused on the opportunity that exists in the world, and not any one individual company out there.
Charlie Scharf: The only thing that I would add to that is that and as I referenced, we spend a lot of time with Visa Europe because we're connected at the hip. And it's very clear that with their change in leadership over the last year and a half, they have moved to a more commercial model, and increased what they would view as the economic that they are providing for their clients. And that translates through to this view of sustainable income that we've been able to observe that Vasant just referenced. 
Charlie Scharf: The only thing I would add to it is that when we look at the detail behind the numbers, you actually do see a fair amount of divergence based on the type of clients that you have. So clients that are focused on the oil industry, and it's a long list of them, you do see fairly significant weakness, which is to be expected. But on a portfolio basis, there are other types of businesses that are performing much better. So overall, we do get here in the US that 10% number, but a lot more differentiation than at least we've seen recently.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. What we've said consistently is first of all, we would start with – our first preference would be to grow organically. We've got facing assets and we've got amazing people here that have built great things without having to rely a lot on acquisitions. And that really – and it genuinely is our first and foremost way that we want to go about building things. Having said that, there are certainly times when it makes sense to buy things. I always like to point back to the three things that we've done so far, as the type of things that we think could continue to make sense. CyberSource was the most significant acquisition that we've done in the payment space, and we're not looking to get outside the payment space. Things that we do want to strengthen the benefits that our clients get of running transactions over our core network. And CyberSource allowed us to broaden the capabilities that we had in the online space. So just in the core of the business, but made tremendous sense for us. We then bought a company called PlaySpan, which at the core of what we from PlaySpan was technology and people. And those people and that technology is what built and powers Visa Checkout today. It wasn't for the rest of the business at PlaySpan; the rest of it was actually very small. And then the Fundamo business, which got us far more engaged and understanding, and brought us some capabilities in the mobile payment space in the emerging markets. And so, as we look at the type of transactions that we're looking at, what we've said is, there is -- Europe is the big one that could be on our radar screen because that put exists, and because of this compelling logic and beyond that we're mostly focused on smaller things that again would add to the capabilities of the existing network that we have.
Charlie Scharf: No, I think every one of these deals were different. I mean, take the deal that I just described. You evaluate them differently, including what it would cost you to go build something versus acquiring it, and how much time it would take to get to market, and what that would be. I did not talk about a fourth company because it's small, but very important that we just acquired called TrialPay, which inserts us into the merchant to merchant offers business. We bought that because we thought it was important to get in the market sooner, and the time it would take to build it would be much longer than that. So, each one of these I think would have a very different rationale, and if it was a big enough transaction that we would talk about the economics, we know we would have to have compelling logic, both strategically and financially for you all.
Charlie Scharf: Well, in VDEP -- VDEP does address the usage of our clients' data. So, the answer to the question is absolutely and I think the reality is we sit between a series of people that participate in payment systems. It used to be just the issuers and the acquirers and the merchants. Now there are additional parties being introduced to that. And we do think it is our responsibility to all of our clients to ensure that data is being used appropriately and the way they want and that's two ways. So, whether it's issuer data that passes over our network, the issuer should be comfortable with and if it's merchant data that happens to pass over our network, the same is true there. So, VDEP is one means, but it's a broader concept that we do take very seriously.
Charlie Scharf: It's also just flat-out timing of when things get signed. Remember, when we -- that's a little bit of -- I like to talk about this internally. Just we have to do budgets and we give you guidance, but we really don't know as we look out in the future what the timing of our clients are going to be, and how different negotiations will actually take place. So, when we come to an agreement with a client, it then needs to be documented. The processes and the timing is usually driven by them. Very often they need to go through their own approvals and it's very, very easy for these things to slip by weeks or even a month, if not more, depending on how far out we're looking and so, that's just a very natural thing that happens, which is hard for us to predict and hard for us to control.
Charlie Scharf: The only thing I would add is just on Costco for a second is Costco -- the impact to us of Costco is next year for us fiscally. So, that’s -- whether it's incentives, whether it's volume, revenue associated with it, that's when you'll see the impact of Costco. And then the other thing I would add is, because we've -- those of you that have been covering us for a long time know this, we do view our incentives going up as a good thing. Incentives go up when we're driving more business through the system and so, that wouldn't be a surprise to us.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. Listen, I think it's a -- co-brands are certainly a very competitive part of the business, especially here in the United States. We've been lucky enough to have a significant number of the large and successful ones. And so when you're the big incumbent and they come up for renewal, they're always on your mind, and you're very tuned to what's going on in the competitive environment. But just as we talk about on the issuer side, people ask about well, is the issuer side getting more competitive in terms of the way networks think about it? And I think the reality is since we've gone public, there's been an extraordinary amount of competition between us and our competitors on these deals. And you see that competition embedded in the numbers that we've all been printing for years now. So the answer is yes, you see it in the co-brand space. But I also think that the co-brand business and the issuing side of the business, there has been more concentration that has developed. The other thing, which I think is becoming quite important now, is with the evolving nature of payments and things that are going on, whether it's issuers or co-brands, I think what we wind up seeing is that our clients are making very significant strategic decisions at this point relative to who they want their payments partner to be. They're not talking about this as a commodity. They're not talking about just network services is something you need to look at in terms of just what the price is. They're sitting there saying payments is an important part of my business, whether I'm a co-brand partner, because these are my most important clients; or on the issuing side, where they say payments is core to what I do. I need someone that's going to help me navigate and be successful in this brave new world of digital commerce and evolving payments that we live in, and I need to pick the very best partner to do that. We're thrilled with the success that we've had -- not just with Costco, but Southwest as you've seen, is a terrific partner, and other conversations that we have ongoing. So the answer is yes, financially they are competitive. Again, we've seen that. That's to be expected. But there are two parts to the conversation.
Charlie Scharf: I don't know. No one knows. We live here in the United States and so we know our own system quite well, and we never know what timing looks like in this country. Listen, but listen, I think they -- the Chinese government has been -- the state council issued its decision. They've come out with some more information, which is certainly helpful. At this point, we've got -- we have plenty of information to do the work that we need to do to be in a position to apply for a license and to do the work. And honestly, that's what we're focused on. I mean, there's a lot of work for us to do, both to make the application, but also be in a position to be able to operate, if we're lucky enough to be issued one of those licenses. And that's what we're focused on. As I've said, when we talk about this being a long-term opportunity, it's for some of these reasons you point out. We don't know exactly what the regulatory climate will ultimately be. We don't know exactly the role we will play until we actually get there. But we do believe that there is great value for all the participants in the market place for us to be helpful. So we feel very good about what we can do in the country, and what it means for us in the long-term. But again, it will likely be long term and not short term.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes we had, as you saw, good growth in cross-border. It's a few things. We talked about the geographies that are doing well, and some -- we were helped on cross-border revenue growth by two other things, as you know, pricing and also by currency volatility, so we got spread revenues that flow through that line. As we look ahead, I think if the dollar starts to moderate, a big chunk of our business is somewhat depressed right now, which is the commerce into the US, and several corridors are soft, like Brazil, which was hurt in a couple of different ways, Russia, et cetera.  So there is hope as we go into next year that with some of those things now lapping and the dollar hopefully stabilizing, that things could ramp up in terms of volume. On the other hand, volatilities may go back to more normal levels and would reduce that line. So a couple of different trends there, but all in all we feel good about it.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, I'll talk about how we go about the put valuation. And in general, I think we're not commenting anything on the transaction discussions themselves, but we do have to revalue the puts every quarter, and it has to be done on the basis of updated information, the most up to date information we have. And based on that, we did that again this quarter and as a result of that, we came up with a value that is reflected in our Q. And that is the formula that we’ve used, I believe for the entire eight years that the put has been in place and it relates to making estimates of what a sustainable net income would be and then there is a multiple applied to that, all of which is described some detail.  So when you run through that based on the information – the best information we now have to estimate sustainable net income for Visa Europe, and you look at the multiples you have to apply, methodology being exactly the same as what we've used before, you get to the value we laid out in our 10-Q. So that's pretty much all there is to it. There really isn't anything different than we've done before.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, in general we had a good quarter on the commercial card. Volume growth in the US for commercial payments – volume is 10% in the June quarter. It continues to perform well. We renewed several multi-year US and Canadian clients. There's a lot of interest from non-financial institution participants who want to provide value-added services within the payments and commercial payments industry. These would be things like technology providers or health care entities and B2B programs, entertainment verticals, and so on. So all in all, we feel pretty good.
Vasant Prabhu: Oh, on buybacks, yes. As you know, I mean, there are certain rules under which companies can and cannot buy back stock depending on the information that is either available or not, and how material it is, and all that. It is our sort of sense at this point that we might not be able to buy back stock in the quarter, but things can change.
Vasant Prabhu: In terms of our -- its impact on our guidance, if we end up not buying back stock for the entire quarter that's what happens. It will have some modest impact on this year. It will certainly have some impact on next year, depending on whether we catch up later on and so on. So, there's a fair number of variables there. It depends on how long we're not buying, and how fast we catch up all those kinds of things.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah, for one quarter, as you can run the numbers yourselves, it won't be that significant. But it is certainly different than what we might have expected when we last talked to you. So, you should definitely factor that in.
Vasant Prabhu: I just want to clarify, if I wasn't clear earlier, that when we talked about our full-year mid-teens, that does envision the possibility that we might not be buyers of our stock in the fourth quarter.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah, we were sort of rounding down to 2% last quarter. We're rounding up to 2.5%. So, the currency effect is -- has been growing through the year. I think the only thing we would say is the third quarter came in clearly better than we expected, because currency volatilities were higher. The incentive piece moved some into the fourth quarter. So, I think, as we said earlier, incentive levels both in dollar and rate terms, percent terms, will be higher in the fourth quarter. So, we said last time that we would expect revenue to approach double-digits in the fourth quarter, and that is still our best estimate for the fourth quarter.
Vasant Prabhu: No, it's a couple of situations that varies depending on the geography. Volumes don't come in as expected, so they don't earn the incentives that we or they might have expected, so it hits you both on the gross revenue line and the net revenue line and on the incentive line. And then in a particular few situations, there are unique things in contracts that are resolved within the quarter. 
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah, in this quarter we had a few of those -- a few international banks that moved into the fourth quarter, and will get done in the fourth quarter and that's the timing issue.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah, as I told you last time, there will be some modest additional impact in the fourth quarter. One of the price changes and that was coming in with a little bit of a lag, so there will be a modest -- it's a small uptick in price impact. But yeah, I don't think we specifically quantified the price impact in total, but it hits two lines, the service revenue line and the international line. And it's those two prices increases we took -- just to remind everybody, it's the increase in the US acquirer service fee on all credit products, which went up by two basis points, and the international service assessment fee, which increased 40 bps for transactions in US dollars and 80 bps for transactions not in US dollars. And there will be a little more impact in the fourth quarter than there was in the third.
Vasant Prabhu: Well, that is getting very far ahead of things right now. If there is a transaction, if and when, and once the details are clear, we can talk about all that.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah, I think it's too early to give you any particular point of view on 2016. We'll do that when we talk to you in October and we'll also talk about Costco and its impact on 2016 and so on. As it stands today, the incentives -- the deals we were thinking we would get done this year are still looks -- still look like they're going to get done this year. So, we'll probably see the full-year impact of them next year, but it doesn't seem like any of them are moving into next year at this point.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, I mean there's two dimensions here. And in this quarter, you probably saw both dimensions at play. One, I believe there's publicly available information on currency volatilities and different metrics you can look at, so at least you can get a relative sense of how currency volatility is doing versus last year or prior quarter, or on a multi-year basis and so on, and it's been high. The other thing that also had an impact on this quarter was the year-over-year comparison. This was a quarter, where not only were volatilities high in this quarter this year, but they were unusually low or lower than they've been recently in the third quarter of last year. So we sort of benefited from both things, when you look at a year-over-year comparison. But you can look at external data to track some of this.
Vasant Prabhu: No, I would say you got them. Volatility is, normally going into a quarter we don't assume that volatilities will stay at sort of the high levels they were last quarter because we assume things may settle down a bit, which they actually might in the fourth quarter, given things are settling down in Greece, and settling down in China and places like that. So it was the spread revenues from volatility. It was somewhat lower incentives. It was offset by exchange rates. So you got all the factors. The pricing didn't have an impact relative to what our expectations were. It was as we expected. So, I think you've said it.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes on the OpEx, as we said, I mean, the year is progressing better than we might have expected, and so we made some adjustments as we normally do this time of the year in accruals for incentive compensation, that would probably be the single-biggest item that shows up in the expense growth. Other than that, the only thing I said in my comments was that we had exchange rate impacts of up to three points. And fortunately, the currency volatilities here are levels that offset a significant portion of that.
Vasant Prabhu: Really no change whatsoever in terms of what we are seeing. There's a big impact on debit from the gas pricing, because I think three to one people use debit cards rather than credit cards. And yes the Chase conversion will continue to moderate, and will mostly be gone, I think, after the next quarter or so. That will mean that our credit payment volumes will reflect whatever the gas impact is. And the gas impact will also begin to moderate as we lap it. But in terms of how people are deploying their savings from gas, there really hasn't been any change. I think Charlie referred to that in his comments. So the US consumer remains okay, not great.
