Joe Saunders: Thank you, Jack. As we begin our new fiscal year, I am pleased to report that our first quarter results were indicative of both the continuing secular shift to electronic payments, especially debit as well as some encouraging signs in spending domestically and internationally. With that being said, and consistent with our guidance expectations, it remains difficult to foresee how global economies will perform in the coming year, so we maintain cautious optimism about Visa’s results over the balance of 2010. Earnings for our first fiscal quarter on a GAAP basis were $1.02 per diluted share, a $0.28 or 38% increase over the first quarter of 2009. Net income on a GAAP basis was $763 million, a 33% increase over the year-ago period. Recall that we will no longer be providing an adjusted basis for these metrics, but will adhere to the GAAP reported numbers going forward. Net operating revenues in the quarter were just under $2 billion, a 13% increase over the year-ago period and in line with our guidance as a result of solid payment volume and cross border volume growth as well as strong process transaction growth. For the first time in our quarterly reporting, we are providing global payment volume growth in our operational performance data pack for the quarter just ended. These results which will still be recognized on a lag basis and reflected in fiscal second quarter service revenue show encouraging improvement over the fiscal first quarter.  Process transactions continue to grow from the mid to high single digit levels we saw over the course of fiscal 2009, ending the first quarter at 10.9 billion transactions, a 12% growth rate over the prior year period and up 9% from the growth reported for the fiscal fourth quarter. I am pleased that we are executing well against our business plan. As we expand our payments network, growing issuers and acceptance locations, expanding our processing capabilities and driving transactions with effective marketing programs, we are able to take full advantage of the secular trend to digital currency and grow our business. As a result even in this difficult economic environment, we are generating solid earnings and returning excess cash flow to our shareholders. During the first quarter, we repurchased $432 million of our class A shares under our previously announced $1 billion buyback plan at an average price of just under $79 a share. We will continue to execute on this buyback as conditions warrant. We also recently announced the unlocking of an additional 56 million shares of our class C stock which will allow class C shareholders, primarily our international financial institution owners the ability to further monetize their Visa investment ahead of the scheduled March 2011 unlock. This program has no dilutive effect on our earnings per share and is similar to the prior program we executed in July of last year. With that, let me turn the call over to Byron who will take you through the details of our financial results and then I will be back to share our views on the economic environment and our upcoming March Investor Day.
Joe Saunders: You should remember that that line item includes all of our legal expenses for litigation and we had a lot of that last year.
Joe Saunders: I think that there is considerable interest in the higher end of the retail market. I don’t think there is any question about that, and there is some evidence that there is a little bit more activity on the solicitation front, but I would say it's a way too early to say things have turned around and we're back to something that's close to what we were maybe a year and a half or two years ago.
Joe Saunders: I think as we’ve said before, the CARD Act has an indirect effect on us, but not a direct effect. You are asking a question that is difficult for me to answer. I think it would more appropriately answered by our financial institution customers. Having said that, Byron just went over the gross statistics on the credit card business compared to the debit card business and I think it’s clear that it’s not growing at anything close to the rates that it historically has and obviously a lot of that has to do with the economy and a lot of that has to do with the rules and regulations that they operate in.
Joe Saunders: I think we’ve had a pretty consistent growth in that category over the last several years, I can’t tell you exactly what percent of that category it is, it’s something that you might want to follow up with Jack.
Joe Saunders: I think that we said on a number of occasions that we're comfortable with our guidance, and we are maintaining cautious optimism. We think that we did better in the first quarter than we thought we were going to do. We don't know whether that level of activity is sustainable and I'm a little bit conservative in that. I'm not ready to predict where the economy is going and so it's hard for me to answer that question. What I can answer is given the environment that we're operating in today, we're comfortable with the guidance that we've given.
Joe Saunders: Well, I don’t how you define whether debit cannibalizes credit, obviously debit is growing quickly than credit, but I think that’s the nature of the economic environment that we are living in. I think that the question is to what extent will the credit volume accelerate as the economy improves and I think till that happens it’s going to hard to measure the balance between the two of them. I mean we obviously remain very encouraged about our debit growth, but we are frankly also encouraged with what's going on with the credit product in the world outside of United States, particularly, but we are not particularly discouraged by what's going on in the US. Was there another part of the question, I think I am missing part of the question. Did I answer your question? Okay. 
Joe Saunders: Well, I think the enhance checkout is something that we are pretty excited about and we intend to roll that out in a very big way in about six weeks. So, I think I'll leave that until our Investor Day presentation. But I will tease you by telling you we are extremely excited about it, I think it'll be a big deal. And we continue to invest in that and other electronic payment improvements, whether they are in the Internet space or the mobile space or anyone of a number of other things. Byron mentioned that probably beginning at our March Investor Day we will breakout what we are spending on what a little bit more clearly than we have up to now, but I will remind you that we have committed to spending a $150 million to $200 million on new product development this year and I think that we will get there. 
Joe Saunders: I think that we've said for a long time on a lot of these calls, that you should expect it sooner or later we are going to lose a customer and that's exactly what happened. We like to believe that we are disciplined as it relates to what we are willing to do, and how far we are willing to go, and I think that this is a case in point, so I'm unhappy that we lost a customer.  We don't lose very many, we've gained a lot more than we've lost. But that being said, it's a tough competitive environment and as I have also said on a number of occasions, MasterCard is a good company. And they are just consistently getting beat [ph] on every deal that there is. As it relates to the WaMu portfolio, I think we are just beginning to see any -- we're only at the very early stages of beginning to see any volume. The conversion is going on, I think it's pretty de minimis in the numbers that you are looking after this quarter, particularly since the service revenues are lagged.  I would say as it relates to SunTrust that I don't know what their conversion schedule is, but I believe that will take a reasonable amount of time to fully divest themselves.
Joe Saunders: But we can ride the secular shift I think for quite a while if we did it appropriately, but you are right. I mean there is a lot more to it than that, I don’t think that I could even begin to answer the question and do a justice in the amount of time that we have. But once again I will encourage you and everybody else to attend our investor conference, because I do intend and we do intend to expand a great deal on the subject and it’s worth listening to and it'll take a little time, but I can assure you, if you come, the trip will be worthwhile.
Joe Saunders: I think that we are in a period of reflection right now and I don’t think it will move quite as aggressively as we might have hoped. But having said that, these rules in general are quite acceptable to us, and I think that the one or two sticking points that will be resolved, and I think that we will proceed into the market, but I can't give you specifics or specific timing as it relates to that. I guess, I'll just have to leave you with the thought that we're still sure that we will be in the debit market in Canada at sometime in the not terribly distant future.
Joe Saunders: Well, okay, to answer the first part of the question, we've looked at this quite carefully and there is no effect of adding other portfolios in our numbers in this quarter. The growth is real growth not growth because we added a customer. To answer the second part of your question, it seems to me that when I look at retail services and financial institutions that there is a more holistic customer experience type of movement that’s going on. I think, it’s a share of wallet movement, I think it is an effort by financial institutions to embrace individual customers over a wide array of products and making sure that these things complement each other.  So, I think you'll see things begin to happen that are a little bit different and I believe that you'll see some focus on encouraging transactions and encouraging consolidation within a financial institution. But, I am not a financial institution and I cannot speak for them, and there is a lot going on in every major financial institution, every medium sized and small financial institution in this country as a result of economy that we find ourselves in, rules and regulations that they look like. So, I would encourage you to continue to ask them the same questions and see what they say. 
Joe Saunders: I think that there is a little bit more pickup than we anticipated. There is clearly more pickup in the cross border volume than what we had anticipated. So, we're pleasantly surprised in that regard as it relates to your first quarter. 
Joe Saunders: The one that you are talking about, we would lap in the fourth quarter. We have given guidance on what we expect pricing increases to generate this year in our current guidance. I don’t think that that would cover the shortfall. We have always pointed that out. As it relates to anything else, at the point in time that we make any decision as it relates to that pricing, and whether or not it will affect our guidance, we will disclose that immediately.
Joe Saunders: That’s a difficult question for me to answer. We can't grow any faster than our customers. I mean, whatever they grow, we grow. We don't have any volume outside that. We have a prepaid business that's doing quite well, but there is nothing about it that would shock you in our numbers right now.  I think that outside the United States, it’s the secular shift and our continued success in being able to make electronic payments in a number of geographies. And Tim, other than that, I think it's the things that financial institutions are doing to encourage the usage of debit cards in the United States. And of course I shouldn't diminish our effect, the effect that we're having on moving things to electronic payments through our promotions, and our advertising in our market.
Byron Pollitt: Once we normalize out the professional consulting expense associated with getting the new data center open which is now fully operational and live, we should be managing that up as we continue to invest in expanding our infrastructure and capabilities as well as new product investments. With regard to breaking that out to give more visibility to the type of expense that’s going against future growth, great question, we have that under consideration and we'll seriously consider that perhaps later in the year.
Byron Pollitt: Let me give you a little color on US debit and credit, and give you a little bit of historical trending by month and then into January, so you can see the progress. If we were to go back to October, credit grew in the US at minus four, November minus two, and then December actually turned positive two, January month to date through the 28th positive one.  If we were to do the same chronology for debit, October debit payment volume growth for the US was positive 12, moved to positive 15 in November, positive 19 in December and it's holding it positive 19 January month to date. 
Byron Pollitt: On the marketing side, the way we try to be helpful here is that the first quarter is low spending for the year. We will increase marketing spend in the second fiscal quarter, think of that as Winter Olympics driven. Then third quarter, we will be increasing marketing spend relative to the first quarter, think of that as FIFA World Cup. So the marketing spend which is under $1 billion, with the guidance for the year is much more oriented to the middle two fiscal quarters, with the first quarter probably being the lightest. If you switch to the tax rate, so we have re-guided the tax rate into a range of 36.5 to 38.5. That follows the trajectory that we outlined during our IPO presentation of ultimately aiming to be in the 35% to 36% range, so we consider that a journey. We have yet to process what the administration’s recent tax proposals are and of course that guidance was not enlightened by those tax proposals. So I would say stay tuned on what 2011, 2012 and beyond will ultimately yield, but we remain on this trajectory of getting into that 35% to 36% range that we talked about from inception.
Byron Pollitt: Let me start with the credit trends. So using rest of world as the proxy, for what you are asking about, the rest of world, considered on a constant dollar basis, the growth trends in credit, credit alone, so this would exclude debit, credit alone never turned negative. It did drop from a high double-digits growth into mid single-digit growth, that’s what we are looking at for the quarter just ended in December and on a slight upward trend for rest of world. We are still in that mid to upper single-digit credit growth. If you look at all products, credit plus debit, then you are right around 10% growth for the quarter just ended, and that would be the quarter just ended in December.
Byron Pollitt: Yes, you're referring to the other revenue. There are a couple of drivers there that are worth pointing out. The first one is, we have a arrangement with many of our clients where we handle their rewards redemption and we refer to these as pass-through revenues or expenses and so, there has been a pickup in our redemptions over the past year, that was true for this quarter and that pickup is the single largest driver of the growth rate and other revenue and that comes with roughly an equal offset in expense. There is some new licensing revenue in this category and this comes from arrangements that we have entered into with the entity we referred to as VisaNet Brazil and up to the time they went public, they would pay us regular dividends. And so the dividends stopped because our share ownership was sold, but instead, we are now receiving licensing fees, and those licensing fees appear in other revenue. The dividends that we used to receive were appearing in other income. And those are the two principle drivers for that growth.
Byron Pollitt: All right, that about wraps it up. Thank you all very much for joining us today and apologize again for the technical glitch. If anybody has any follow-up questions, feel free to call Investor Relations. Thank you. 
