Vasant Prabhu: I think what we're seeing now is, as you've seen on the numbers, debit has had a indexing close to 150 pre-COVID levels, that reflects really a huge step-up in the digitalization of cash. It's evident all over the world. You see that in CEMEA numbers, you see it in Latin America numbers. So debit is the engine of cash digitization. So structurally, debit is benefiting from cash digitization picking up, as well as the move to e-commerce. What you are seeing though, is that credit is accelerating quite fast. And if you look at the numbers, the biggest quarter-over-quarter recovery has been quite significant in credit. Structurally, I think what we're seeing is the affluent customer come back to spending because economies have reopened and the plastic sectors that would benefit from reopening like restaurants, travel, and entertainment are also picking up. There's so many things going on here that are -- let's call it recovery-related or fundamental changes, like cash digitilization and e-commerce, that it's too early to tell whether there is a significant structural change between the use of debit and credit. I think credit has got quite a few quarters to go of recovery and the trend remains quite robust even as we look at July.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah, one other thing I might add to that is, you may have seen the announcement of Visa Payout Service. Essentially, we are integrating both Visa Direct and B2B Connect to offer a single-point for our customers to come to us for all kinds of cross-border payments, either business customers, B2B customers, whether they are low-ticket, high-volume, which we can handle through the Visa Direct capability and Earthport, or if their high-value, low-volume transactions which we can handle through B2B Connect.  So, essentially, from a client standpoint, they don't -- they just interface with us. And whatever their needs are, we can meet them in any form, whether it's to account to card or to any part of the world. So it's important to note that it's also sort of integrates well with our other capabilities to provide a single point of contact.
Vasant Prabhu: Sure. So as it relates to your the second part of your question, if you look at the trends in the first three weeks of July and I want to emphasize as you said before that three weeks don't make a trend and you shouldn't read too much into it.  I told you that the third week of July in the U.S. was impacted by what happened in the third week of July in 2019 because that's sort of, we often look at it as a clean year, but when you look at week-by-week numbers is always going to be unusual things about what happened in the same week in 2019, or what day of the week was when -- or what holidays impact [Indiscernible], and so on. So setting that aside, what you saw in the first 3 weeks of July was quite a bit of stability on the cross-border side. And we think that's sort of the trend for the fourth quarter.  We see some of the cryptocurrency cross-border purchases have fallen back to pre-recall levels. We had a spike in April and May, as we mentioned. So that will -- has pulled back in July, as you can see. That was replaced by travel continuing to recover. And so that gives you a certain amount of stability. The big question mark is, what kind of a summer travel improvement will we get in cross-border travel, given that wider borders have opened and substantially more borders are opened than they were before.  It's still not normal in that all borders are not opened and especially borders in Asia are not open. So I think our best sort of view of the fourth quarter as it relates to cross-border travel and cross-border in general. Is that cross-border in general stays relatively stable with the third quarter, with travel recovering and cryptocurrency purchases falling back a bit and so on balance we're at neutral. In terms of the domestic businesses around the world, we provided you some color in the comments.  Everything we're seeing so far, if you adjust for unique things that's happened in 2019 is a trend that's either stable or slightly better in the U.S. and around the world, either stable or slightly better, with no evidence right now anywhere of Delta impact in the spending. And an important correlation there is mobility. Mobility is highly correlated with spendingly fine. And mobility -- in mobility indexes in general are either stable or climbing still, even as infections are finding in many parts of the world. And even where infections have gone up a lot, mobility doesn't seem to be impacted yet. No evidence of it, nor are we seeing any impact on spending.
Vasant Prabhu: Incentives are not generally tied to cross-border. There are in some parts of the world, particularly Asia, where for travel-related portfolios, we may have some incentives tied to cross-border in those portfolios. So a fair chunk of it would flow through to the net revenue line. And that's largely a reason, in fact, why our incentives as a percent of gross revenues have climbed. It's because of this mix shift.  As far as how that how much of that flows through into the bottom line, our approach has been -- we need to invest as much as we need to invest to grow the business. There are significant opportunities available. We've already told you about how the expenses will grow in the mid-teens in the fourth quarter. If cross-border recovers faster, that won't necessarily change our investment plans. And we've never managed for margins. Margins are in outcome. Our goal is to drive as much more human revenue growth as we can and to invest what we need to drive that growth.
Vasant Prabhu: And going back to your question about moving past our traditional business of enabling payments to merchants cross-border. You heard us talk about the extraordinary progress we're making in remittances for example. We signed up all the major Remington's providers and we can provide a very flexible, very attractive proposition for their consumers at a very attractive cost. And remittances is almost as big in volume as,?falling? direct investment. And it's not an area that we served before. Beyond that, you heard earlier about Visa payment service, payout service, which is very valuable to pay gig economy players around the world, as well as it has a big role to play in marketplace payouts and so on.  The third one I would highlight is the partnerships you signed with a whole range of cryptocurrency wallets that enable the use of Visa credentials that they issue at 70 million merchants around the world, and a big chunk of that business is expected to be cross-border too. So in our business in cross-border has gone well beyond the traditional, let's call it C2B space to P2P cross-border to B2B cross-border of course. And a significant chunk of D2C cross-border.
Vasant Prabhu: It's too early to give you a perspective on 2022. I think we'll save that for October. And where do we provide a full-year outlook or do what we've done this quarter is to give you the best sense we have of what, what we see around us right now and how it might play out for a quarter or two. Altogether, we go further than that, I think we'll look fast as we go along. As we've said, we've already given you some indications of our posture as it relates to investment. We are preparing for multiple quarters of recovery.  You'd -- perhaps, you've heard earlier about the conversation about the cross-border recovery that still remains ahead of us. So clearly, there's plenty of recovery still to come. And we are investing in preparation for the post - COVID world where we see extraordinary opportunities in new flows and value-added services. So we are stepping up investments, and our expenses are growing in the mid-teens and so on. But in terms of projecting where revenues are going to be or what the volume trends are going to be. We'll save a lot of that discussion and pricing and our thoughts for that for October.
Vasant Prabhu: we've seen a few months here and there of these kinds of spikes and purchases. So essentially, most of the time cryptocurrency impacts our business then purchases go up, a lot of the people who?microbe? go on buying them from entities that our non-U.S. based, often based in Europe. So these end up being cross-border transactions when they buy cryptocurrencies, like Bitcoin. And so when there is a spike in buying activity, you will see that in some of our cross-border e-commerce numbers. In terms of quantifying how much it is, if you look at the cross-border e-commerce business, ex-travel, has been quite stable through several weeks and months.  You will see a bump up in April and into May, and you can attribute a fair amount of that strictly to cryptocurrency purchases. We've had this before. There was another spike when there was a big run-up in crypto prices and then a collapse; I don't know, must have been a year ago. So it has happened before. It has now fallen back to pre-April levels, although it's still running at a level that is higher than it was 6 months ago. But you can quantify it if you look at the numbers.
Alfred Kelly: The only thing I would add, Tien-Tsin, is that, we saw major separation through the pandemic, part of the pandemic between credit and debit growth. And this quarter, the separation between them in the business was more like 6 points, where we've seen quarters closer to 30 points.. So that's further indication of credit starting to rebound for the reasons that Vasant articulated.
Alfred Kelly: Well, I'll star and Vasant can jump in. The epicenter of open banking is Europe, which is what attracted us to Tink. It is a open banking platform that has footprint in 18 markets that allows through single API customers, which are primarily developers to access financial data and Tink has connectivity to about 3,400 banks and FIs and about 10,000 developers in Europe. And it's one of 400 players versus other markets. There's an awful lot of players in the open banking space in Europe because of the fact that it is in ground – it is ground zero.  And we do think that the combination of our various capabilities and relationships combined with Tink 's technology and relationships is going to ideally accelerate the adoption of open banking in Europe. It's early days, but there is going to be an increased adoption of open banking and we see making progress in Europe first even beyond the 18 markets that Tink is in. And there's no reason why we can't take the business to other parts of the world, particularly in Asia and CEMEA.
Alfred Kelly: Well, I think as we've talked in the past, that the most important thing with B2B Connect is to continue to grow out the infrastructure and that requires both signing key partners and we had announced last quarter, I guess, the signing of Goldman Sachs' Transaction Banking as a user of B2B Connect. And we're using bank integrators like ACI and Fiserv and Bottomline to help us as well in terms of driving more players in B2B Connect. At this point, that's our emphasis.  Our emphasis is building out this, the robustness of this network, so it has more endpoints and more clients. Again, we see this as a $10 billion opportunity. And we think that B2B Connect is - has the capability to be a much better than a Swift kind of alternative for driving payments without having to build - cross-border payments, without having to build out a corresponding banking network.  So we've continued to sign players and they've continued to do their infrastructure connections to us and we've started to drive transactions. But at this point what I have an update on B2B Connect, I'm much more interested in how we're doing in driving the robustness of the network versus being at a point where we're counting progress on the number of transactions that we're actually seeing flow over the network.
Alfred Kelly: Well, Lisa, we remain extremely robust and excited about the opportunities in value-added services and new flows. Obviously, some of our value-added services, we actually saw our declines during the pandemic. Certainly, people were buying less travel benefits from us. There were less transactions in certain cases against which we could sell value-added services. But as I said, we started to see transactions really roll back this quarter.  For the first time ever, we averaged over 600 million transactions in the quarter -- and for every day in the quarter, I should say. And that was up 160 from -- by more than 160 million transactions a day a year ago during the pandemic. So I think that, as we start to get into what I believe is going to be a robust recovery and a continued growth in transactions.  We're going to continue to see our platform-type services, CyberSource, our issuer processing, our risk and identity services, which represent about two-thirds of our value-added services, grow very nicely. I think we've continued to start to see recoveries on the other side and things like our consulting. And I think as travel comes back, our card benefits and travel-related card benefits will increase.  So I think that while we rent during the height of the pandemic, we got off our trajectory of where we want it to be in 5 years. I feel like we're going to get right back on that trajectory and maybe even do better than we might have thought we would do. In terms of new flows, I'd say a couple of things. One is obviously Visa Direct continues to do very well. I cited that it was almost 0.5 billion more transactions in the quarter than the prior year. And I think in Vasant's remarks, he talked about mid-50s percent growth levels continuing and we've seen this for numbers of quarters now. And in the B2B space, we're starting to see some recovery.  The B2B space looks like the consumer credit space, so it's the commercial volumes kind of echoing or following that, mirroring that, although small businesses obviously recovering quicker than large market. But as I think, as people start to come back to work, as business travel starts to return, as I feel good that the commercial volume will continue to come back as well. So again, I would say that in the new flows area, while we, again, went off trajectory for what we would have said at Investor Day, the reality is I think we'll get right back on now as we're seeing a really very good beginning to what I think will be a robust recovery.
Alfred Kelly: The only thing I would add is that the action where there's been stimulus that is certainly impacted some spending, but it tends to drive spending for a couple of weeks and then wain over the third to fifth week. I might use a different phrase than pent-up demand. I think it's a little bit of a return to normal. And I'd also bring back -- we're starting -- gyms are open, people are going to sporting events. A nd then I'd come back to something besides cited in response to one of the earlier questions, which is the affluent customers jumped back into the Marketplace. These are the people that drive up white tablecloth restaurant spending, if the people make discretionary purchases. These are the people who are heading to Mexico and other places as borders open up. And so I think again, I echo what Vasant said that mobility can continue to improve. I think we just get closer and closer to returning to a more normal and therefore feel like there's going to be good run here of a good recovery for the business.
Alfred Kelly: Well, if you do simple math and say that the cross-border business would have continued to grow at roughly 10% a year as it was growing pre-pandemic. And we're indexing right now, as you said, around 82% than '19. I mean, you can do the math yourself, right? We would've been indexing closer to 120 or 121, I suppose, if you assume 10%. and that delta between 82 and 121 gives you a sense if you apply that to our international revenues line, it gives you a sense of it. Now, we do have some additional cross-border revenues in the Data Processing line because that is -- the data processing revenue associated with cross-border too. But if you do the math, I mean, you can see that it's a sizable amount of revenue. Yes, you're right.
Alfred Kelly: Well, I think what issuers are dealing is getting ready for our return to travel being a important spend category. As you well know, many of these reward propositions in North America, both in the U.S. and in Canada, are very tied to travel. All the big airlines, all the?booked big hotels? have co-brand programs and even for other programs that reward programs th at are more generic, a lot of their bird options are tied to travel.  So I think that travel's going to -- has started to come back, it will continue to come back as mobility increases, as restrictions get lifted, etcetera. And I think issuers are trying to make sure that as that happens and as the affluent consumer and the middle market consumer starts to get in their car and get on airplanes more, that their their product will be top of wallet and I think that's really what's driving the?activity?.
