Joseph Saunders: Well, I think we've mentioned pretty succinctly the arrangement that we have with MoneyGram, and much of the revenue that we generate out of that comes through the transactional volume on our cards, both at the front and the back end of the transaction. Beyond that, Money Transfer is an integral part of our mobile strategy or our mobile technology strategy, both domestically and outside of the United States. I think that money transfer takes on different forms, depending on what part of the world it occurs in. The transactions or the cards that we provided in Pakistan are a good example of how something might be manifest. Some of the things that we are beginning to think about doing in India also would embrace that notion. As it relates to our financial arrangements between various different parties from a Money Transfer point of view, I think I'll decline to comment on that at this point in time, but we are excited about the notion of money transfer and how it will fit into our nook going forward.
Joseph Saunders: Well, there are differences in our yields around the world, depending on what business we're in in various different geographies. Having said that, I mean as it relates to your question, I think we have a goal out there. I think we're well on our way to meeting that goal. We might get it done a little bit faster. Remember, I've talked about country acceleration strategies, and we're doing much better in Brazil and Russia than we had thought we'd be doing. We think that the same thing will happen in Japan, and we're looking at several other countries right now. I can't bring that all together as succinctly as you might like and say, "Hey, we're going to have more than 50% of our revenue coming from outside the United States in two years or a quarter, three years." But we are well on our way to getting to that point, and let me re-emphasize what I said in the comments. And that is that 60% of our growth in the past quarter came from -- revenue growth came from transactions outside the United States.
Joseph Saunders: Well, I learned in November and December that it is foolish to try to predict exactly what Congress will or will not do. Having said that, I think I lean towards agreeing with you as it relates to the Fed and what they are able or not able to do. And while I don't think that dialoguing with the Fed or sending opinions or commenting about what's already out there, as we are supposed to do, is over and while I don't necessarily believe that some things can't be changed at the margin, I would say that the focus would be the Congressional focus at this particular time. And our position as well as I think every other financial institution in the United States is that the enactment of this legislation should be delayed and the unintended consequences should be studied, and it should require some action to reinstate or to bring into that anything associated with this amendment predicated on the findings of that study.
Joseph Saunders: Having said that, we've repeatedly suggested, by buying back our own stock and by publicly making comments, that we believe that Visa will survive and be a very viable growth company in the future, regardless of the outcome, the specific outcome of the legislation. But the specifics of that and the timing of what happens and how things may or may not happened really is, as Byron said, pretty dependent on what the final outcome of everything is currently happening becomes. I will remind you that the majority of our growth in the past quarter did not come from the debit card business. Much of it came from outside the United States and from other initiatives that we have within the United States. And I'll remind you that the debit business is about in the neighborhood of 20% of our total revenues. So I, again -- and of course, without being specific, we're not going to lose all that business under any circumstances. So you're going to have to think about it in your own terms, but we are excited about Visa's future, and we'll be specific about how excited we are when we have a framework in which to communicate it.
Joseph Saunders: Well, certainly, not all of our mitigation efforts will be focused on increasing our revenue outside the United States, although that is and has been, even prior to Durbin, one of our primary objectives, and it's an important part of who we will be in the future. But there are mitigation efforts that we will back against the business in the United States. And as we've just said, I mean, I'm not going to go into detail, but we're not going to turn our back on the United States. And we expect to grow revenue and develop our business whatever the outcome of the legislation is.
Joseph Saunders: Well, unfortunately, the answer is no. I can't answer any of those questions. Obviously, the litigation continues, and there are conversations. But beyond that, I really would be foolish to say anything else.
Joseph Saunders: Well, I mean you've asked a lot of extraordinarily good questions and therein lies the dilemma. I mean, everything you said is reasonably accurate. We are in a very good position, and regardless of what happens, I don't think you're going to see any kind of an overnight deterioration. And I think you're obviously going to see us doing everything that we can to be the network of choice, and I think that there are many compelling reasons that we can put forth that will help us secure that position. And whatever happens, we look forward to using our people and our assets, which we believe in this regard are second to none, to make sure that we come out ahead of the game.
Joseph Saunders: Well, Visa is in support of chip technology and on a global basis. Timing of when it will occur and how it will occur is still somewhat questionable, particularly in the United States. I think that the current state of affairs between the Card Act and the Durbin amendment has stopped some issuers as it relates to whether they want to invest and how do they want to invest. I don't think that there's any magic wand that is going to automatically make a contactless chip terminals or contact chip terminals automatically appear in an overwhelming way in the United States. I think that that will indeed take some time, and I think most issuers and even merchants believe that to be the case. I'm not certain, but I actually think there are somewhat fewer contactless terminals today than there may have been a year ago. So we've got -- there are issues in that regard as it relates to standards, chip standards. There isn't one contactless chip standard around the world and so all of this has to be reconciled before it becomes -- we become a country, where people walk around with cell phones and just automatically walk into face-to-face merchants, swipe their cell phones on a contactless. That being said, there is an inextricable momentum to mobile technology and contactless chips that is beginning to occur, and it will manifest itself over some period of time. We are extraordinarily involved in those efforts, and things that we are doing in that regard will become apparent as each quarter goes on. And we're reasonably confident that we have invested the right time and effort and capital into taking our business in the appropriate direction.
Joseph Saunders: I can't predict what Congress is going to do. I can remind you that there is significant effort that is going on that is embraced by large banks, mid-sized banks, small banks, credit unions. I think that you will see some reaction from consumers, because in our opinion, consumers have been thrown under the bus in this legislation. And so in that regard, I would have to think that through some of the conversations we've had and because it is the right thing -- and I want to emphasize, it is the right thing. We're on the right side of this issue. I'd like to think that something will happen. I would like to think, as I said earlier, that it will take the form of a delay in the implementation of the legislation until the unintended consequences can be better assessed. But I can't promise you that. I can't tell you that I've had secret conversations with anybody and that this is a [indiscernible] (1:03:14), because none of those things would be true. So now that I've answered that, I forgot the second part of -- Mobile. That's an interesting question. But when you look at mobile technologies, as I said just a few minutes ago, I mean, it's coming or it's here. However, you want to define it. It makes it easier for people to shop. It opens up new avenues of things that may be purchased through your wallet, and there are a lot of technology companies that have significantly positive offerings and capabilities in this regard. Visa also has significant capability. We still have VisaNet. We still have a whole processing infrastructure. There are still 1.8 billion cardholders around the world, and we have been vigorously looking at and working on the technology. And we think we're going to be in a very good position as it relates to the evolution of mobile technology in the electronic payments business. I think that it will afford us some revenue opportunities that we currently don't have, and I think that will be a very positive thing. Will it change some of the other economics we have? I mean, it could. It could, but when we look at the overall landscape, we are comfortable that this is a positive thing for Visa and will be a positive thing going forward. And remember, we've talked to these other entities that you're referring to, and they do need some of the capabilities that we'd have, or they're either going to have to provide them themselves, or they're going to have to come to somebody like us to get them. And so there are compelling reasons for partnerships to occur. A significant -- even when you look at somebody like PayPal, let's not forget that a significant amount of their business is driven through Visa, MasterCard, and that isn't about to change in the near future. And I know that's not totally analogous to mobile technology, but I think that what Visa has put together over the years is very compelling as it relates to what it brings to the party from a speed or reliability or privacy and a security point of view. I don't think we're going to let that go.
Byron Pollitt: Our view has been from the beginning that when we guide to 2012, we would like the benefit of being able to interpret the rules that the Fed has promulgated and to put them into the context of the mitigation strategies and our go-forward strategies in the debit arena that we have crafted knowing that once the rules are clarified, we will know which ones are relevant. We'll be able to much better size the impact by line item and be able to give to all of you much more thoughtful guidance than we would today, which would be largely speculative. And so until the rules are clarified at which point we'll be able to -- we'll be much more open about what our competitive strategies would be at that time, we're going to defer at least another quarter before we address 2012.
Byron Pollitt: Yes. So on the personnel side, the major callout is we are lapping a quarter in which we did not have CyberSource. So we are -- that's the single largest component being added to the personnel line year-over-year. And then in addition to that, we are actively staffing our growth initiatives outside the United States. And so as we continue to put more boots on the ground to drive and accelerate revenue growth outside the U.S., you're going to see some of that in the personnel line, which will be somewhat amplified by the weakening U.S. dollar. So you are seeing some foreign exchange impact in that line as well. With regards to the G&A line, there are always going to be some factors that are non-recurring that are adjustments to certain reserves. That's the line item that it appears in, and this quarter, part of that explanation is non-recurring accruals related to those matters.
Byron Pollitt: If I could just add one comment, actually, to Julio's prior question. Julio, the G&A also is impacted by the addition of CyberSource. So literally, all the line items in the P&L are being impacted by the pickup of CyberSource expenses. So that's another important driver of that line.
Byron Pollitt: Jim, for some time, it has been plus or minus, roughly equal, plus or minus. It has not materially changed when we first talked about that. I think it was about a year ago. It might be a bit more. If I were to round it, we would round it a bit more to the acquirer, but there's been no material change since we first voiced that ratio about a year ago.
Byron Pollitt: Yes. So on the first one, with regards to personnel, as you readjust your models for that line item, it would make sense to look at the fourth quarter of last fiscal year recognizing that we integrated CyberSource and I think the last two months of the quarter. So you should see a beginning step-up in personnel expense the next quarter -- so the quarter just completed, that's reflective of what you should be thinking about going forward, recognizing that there's always going to be some degree of lumpiness in personnel as we make various accruals, but we would suggest keying more off the first quarter. As it relates to our word, our expression is client incentives. I think another company uses rebates. With regards to client incentives, this is -- as we've talked about historically, this is a category that tends to be a bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter based on when certain contracts are signed, when renewals are signed. And so rather than seasonality, let's use it's a bit lumpy, and therefore, we came in a bit lower than our full year guidance in the first quarter. Therefore, you should see some -- in future quarters, we would expect it to come in a bit higher to average out to somewhere between 16% and 16.5% on a full year basis.
Byron Pollitt: So on Rest of World credit volume, looking at it on a constant dollar basis, it has been pretty steady -- again, on a constant dollar basis, pretty steady double digits, mid-teen double digits through 2010, and January picked up a little bit, but that's -- no, the first quarter picked up a little bit. So it looks like very sustained positive momentum. Our transaction volume is picking up. Our processed transactions are picking up outside the United States, so that's encouraging. And the cross border travel outside the United States has remained very, very healthy. So with January, a pickup over the first quarter levels by a couple of points. So from that standpoint, the economic momentum for Rest of World appears very solid, very sustained, both from a domestic standpoint and from a cross border standpoint.
