Al Kelly: Yeah. It’s 4 point -- I think you said 4.3 billion, Lisa. It’s 4.8 billion. We have had some but not a tremendous amount of success yet in terms of selling tokens into other networks. We view it as a -- we play a critical role in the ecosystem and we view tokenization as critical to the security of the ecosystem and then, ultimately, the trust of the ecosystem as it relates to card transactions that convert get -- their cards converted to token. So over time, we expect this to have very positive impacts on our issuers and merchants in terms of fraud. There are a few cases, the clearinghouse being one, global payments being another where I know that we are getting revenue today from the tokenization capability that we are building for them.
Al Kelly: Yeah. I think that our capabilities are just terrific and in an e-commerce world, David, the liability for fraud sits with the merchant. So they are going to be very, very careful about who they do business with and they have done business with us for years and know that we have very, very strong risk capabilities, very, very strong fraud prevention capabilities. And those are the types of things that in our experience since Durbin in 2010 that have a good amount of merchants who solely stick with us, they never route to the unaffiliated network because of those security and fraud capabilities we have, plus as Vasant alluded to the fact that we have the ability to be dual message, which makes a big difference in car rental, hotel. And in the online world, we will make a big difference when people order multiple items from a merchant. It will allow the merchant to ship in different shipments as opposed to waiting until all the products are gathered and they can ship it and they are forced to ship at onetime if you are using a single messaging capability. So I think we have a lot of history and a lot of important capability differences and a lot of our merchants in the United States are very familiar with the strengths that they get from doing business with us.
Al Kelly: As you alluded to, I mean, right now, we are seeing nothing but stability and it’s been true over the last numbers of quarters. And our business is very different than it was the last time there was a downturn. We are much more into everyday spend categories. E-commerce has evolved tremendously. There’s been a lot more cash digitization. We have a very heavy debit portfolio, which tends to perform better during these downturns. And frankly, I don’t think any of us know what the impact is going to be coming off of the pandemic where there still seems to be a lot of pent-up demand for travel, for example, which is a highly discretionary purchase and we are in an unusual time where employment has really held up. So we will certainly watch if payment volumes are impacted in any kind of significant way. Back to the core of your question, obviously, we will have some hit on our revenue line, but we will continue to manage on the expense side and I will let Vasant take that half of the question.
Al Kelly: First of all, Ashwin, we -- I’d say, we have seen stable for more than a few months, but probably pretty close to the last 12 months, certainly in the last nine months. Look, there’s -- as I said, while there’s stability, the reality is we do know that there’s some changes in consumer behavior going on, but they are still spending the same amount of money and they are still paying in the same way, which are critical to us. So we know there’s some substitution going on, where people are buying generics versus buying brands. We know that people are spending a certain amount on that’s -- an increased amount on food and drug products, and that’s causing them to have less money available for discretionary spending. But and we are still seeing -- as I highlighted, I think, last quarter, the affluent customer is still jumping back in the market and that’s a very, very good thing because of the amount of spend they do and we are still seeing employment levels at a very healthy level. So we know this stuff that is going on, but the reality is that all consumers might be altering a bit what they buy in different categories. The realities are that -- as I said, they are still spending the same amount of money and using the same ways to pay as they did before. In terms of value-added services and new flows, obviously, value-added services is somewhat dependent on transactions. So we provide additional value on transactions. If those were transactions were to go down, that obviously impacts the value-added services business. The net flows business really took a bit of a hit, because of the amount of business that we had in Russia. But as I reported it, it was up 42% in the fourth quarter, excluding Russia, which was up 7 points in the third quarter. So the momentum is very, very good there. And I think that, that has a lot to do with the fact that over the last 15 months, we have done a really good job of further diversifying that business in terms of use cases, enablers and geographies and all of that’s helped us a lot.
Al Kelly: On the -- let me first tackle the -- why Visa Direct. First of all, Visa Direct biggest advantage is that it uses the VisaNet platform, and therefore, comes along with all the capabilities of the VisaNet platform. Second, we have incredible reach with Visa Direct, as I talked about, almost 7 billion endpoints, including accounts cards and wallets. And as you alluded to, we have become a bit agnostic of exactly how that flow happens, if the first or last mile is on an RTP network or an ACH network or a payment gateway, that’s fine by us. And we are continuing to invest in capabilities as it relates to Visa Direct, and then you get a lot of the protections that you get 0 liability, charge-backs, dispute manage -- good solid dispute management, the fact that you get the security and the monies that we spend on protecting consumer data, as well as battling cyber security. And all of those capabilities offer an awful lot of peace of mind to a consumer versus a transaction where the money is immediately moved from your bank account across an RTP network to pay somebody. And all of a sudden, if there’s an issue, there’s nobody to turn to. There’s no rules governing what happens. There’s nobody to help mediate what’s happening. All those things are things that our network does that makes Visa Direct a really, really strong alternative to an RTP network.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah. I will answer the first part of the question. I am sure Al will have more to add on the second part. Obviously, we have to wait and see the pace at which the second network is enabled on cards on e-commerce transactions. Our current expectation, given that our fiscal year, as you know, goes through September is that the effect in 2023 will be minimal, if any. But we will keep you posted. More broadly, just in terms of our views about the impact longer term, people come to us because of the value we create and that value comes in the form of having a dual message network and everything that goes with it, the security and the reliability we offer that is unmatched, as well as the dispute resolution and other sets of services, tokenization, all our risk management services that we layer on. We have competed for business in the past and merchants have chosen us based on the value we provide, and I am sure, Al, you have more to add on this front.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah. I mean and continuing on revenue for a minute, I mean, clearly, we now have new flows and value-added services, which are businesses, which are in new use cases that are very different than we have had in past times when we had recessions. So and they are also ramping in many cases and value-added services clearly is a whole range of new services that are not necessarily all tied to economic ups and downs. So clearly, there’s a lot of differences from the past. But as Al said, recessions can come in all forms and shapes and sizes, and they could be global or regional. They could be deep or shallow. They could be recessions that have lesser impact on consumer spending and so on. As it relates to expenses, as I said in my comments on planning assumptions, I’d say three things. One, we are moderating expense growth as we go into the year. So expense growth is clearly coming down from the levels you have seen. For the year, our going-in planning assumption is nominal growth of about 9%. But I would just note that in the second half of the year -- the fiscal year, the growth is actually at the high end of mid-single digits. So it is moderating through the year and we don’t know when there will be a recession or if there will be a recession. But if you look at what all the various prognosticators are saying, it appears that most people think if there’s going to be a recession, it’s sometime next year, probably, six months from now. Now that would put us in the second half of our fiscal year. So we already have expense growth moderating to the sort of the high end of mid-single digits. Clearly, we will look to reprioritize, scale back, postpone, et cetera. And depending on the nature of the recession and the impact it’s having on our revenue, we would seek to manage our expenses to be even better than what our planning assumptions might be and bring the rate -- growth rate down. So we will calibrate as we go along.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah. A few things on goods versus services, as you know, we tend to look at how various segments are performing versus the pre-pandemic level in 2019. It’s a clean way to look at things. And while there’s been a lot of talk about how goods are underperforming, most of the goods categories index for 2019 actually have done quite well and they are holding quite stable. What it means is that they grew a lot faster in the early parts of the recovery and then haven’t grown as fast as people shifted from goods to services. But overall, if you compare to 2019, the goods business has done very well, indexing very well to where it was and very much either on or above the pre-COVID trend line. More recently, even as services and restaurants, travel, entertainment, have continued to grow, we are starting to see goods do better. So they went through a period where they had very high growth, especially through the stimulus period and so on, recovered much faster than services, then services to come back. We are starting to see some recovery on the goods side, too now. But overall, goods is doing quite well on a three-year index, too.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah. Clearly, lots of moving pieces, as you pointed out. So I will just go through them one by one. Yes, we did benefit from very high currency volatility in the second half of this year and that does help us, as you know. It’s in our international fees line, international revenue line and what volatility is going to be is anybody’s guess. For planning purposes, we assume that it starts to moderate through the year. It’s still high and we are assuming that it will be maybe higher than normal in the first quarter and then moderates as we go through the year to what we have seen in the past to levels that are normal over a long period of time. So that’s the impact of volatility. As it relates to the dollar and its impact on cross-border travel, we have told you that we have seen about a 2-point monthly improvement in that index in the last few months. And again, I mean, it’s very hard to predict these things. You know we got it wrong last year. The recovery was a hell of a lot faster than we expected. We will probably get it wrong again, but we have been very clear about our assumption, which is that the recovery we have seen for the past several months, we think is probably the new rate of recovery. There will be accelerations and decelerations and maybe if China opens up and lift restrictions, there could be some acceleration. So that’s sort of what we are assuming for travel. What impact of recession might have on it remains to be seen. As Al say, there’s pent-up demand and how much will that offset it, we will wait and see. The main message is there’s still recovery in cross-border happening, but we are also lapping much stronger cross-border levels from last year. As you know, cross-border travel really started to recover last September and so we are now beginning to lap some really stronger periods last quarter. So the rate of growth inevitably has slowed, and it will continue to slow through the year, but it’s still above the long-term trend line, because we still are in recovery mode. So, hopefully, that helps a bit.
Vasant Prabhu: In regarding to your second question, maybe we will give you two examples. At one end is a high value use case and that will be cross-border remittances. The use of Visa Direct gives you extraordinary flexibility. You can do it account-to-account, account-to-account, account-to-account, sitting at home, you don’t have to go to someone to give them cash. It’s also tremendous flexibility at the other end in terms of how someone receives the money. It’s real time. It has all the other benefits Al mentioned. As you know, cross-border remittances have a very high cost right now. We can do all that for a lot less and still have a yield that is quite attractive relative to our traditional yield. At the other end of the spectrum, P2P, very much a preferred way to do it is to have your debit credentials in there, because it makes it a lot more secure and has all the value we can add. It’s a high volume but lower yielding use case and very often it’s the way we get going in most markets. So those are two examples, and in between, you have insurance disbursements, earn wage access, marketplace payouts and so on, all of which are different.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah. On operating leverage, as we said, we are trying to balance the short-term and the long-term. As you have heard, we think there are extraordinary opportunities in new flows and value-added services. These are long-cycle businesses. You have to invest now for the future. So, yes, we are choosing to invest in the business and that reflects the expenses that we plan -- our expense growth plan relative to the revenue growth. And the other part of the question was other revenues…
Vasant Prabhu: Right. On other revenues, yeah, there are some things there that will also have some sequential slowdown, because there are things like car-related benefits and so on in the other revenue line that are linked to travel. And as you lap a stronger recovery of travel from last year, there will be some sequential slowdown. There are also a few other value-added services there. So just like the overall business where there is a sequential slowdown because of the lapping effects and some currency impacts in Russia and so on, you will see that in the other revenue line, too.
