Joseph Saunders: Thanks, Byron. In summary, I want to underscore my confidence in Visa's future and our ability to drive continued growth both in the United States and internationally. Visa remains at the forefront of this highly competitive, dynamic industry after more than 50 years in the business because we have a track record of innovating, adapting and successfully navigating challenges. And we will continue to take concrete steps to achieve our strategic objectives and secure our long-term growth to the benefit of Visa's shareholders and clients. This past quarter was a great example of executing on those goals. With that, I'll open the floor to questions.
Joseph Saunders: Well, look, the answer is that I can't specifically answer that question until I get a little bit more clarity in the rulemaking process from the Fed. Now we’ll, as I mentioned, be a positive part of that, but until that happens, it's a little difficult to ascertain. Now we maintain through the process that having a dual-price structure would be difficult, if not impossible, and nothing has happened that particularly changes my mind about that. The solution to the issue does not lie with Visa alone. It lies with several different parties in the chain, as you know, so it's not totally in our control. We will, of course, do everything in our power to adhere to the law of the land. And we're just going to have to see what kind of effort that takes and how other people respond to the same challenge.
Joseph Saunders: As it relates to the proposals that Durbin just made, it would have very little effect on interchange in total. I mean, it's de minimis.
Joseph Saunders: We have rules in place that govern direct currency conversion. We have some of the globe operating under those rules. Some of them have been grandfathered based on practices that existed before Visa merged. And so what we have done is put a moratorium on direct currency conversion, while we study this situation. And so in the months to come, expect to hear more from us on this subject.
Joseph Saunders: At this time I don't have any reason to back off anything we talked about in our March Investor Day. We're moving forward with all of those strategic notions. As it relates to reaffirming the guidance, we're reaffirming the guidance so I mean I think that, that speaks for itself. And we didn't do it without thinking about it. I mean, we didn't do it without looking at what was going on in the economy. We didn't do it without understanding what was happening legislatively. We just didn't do it without being cautious and prudent and thoughtful, and so we're confident that we'll deliver.
Joseph Saunders: There is not an interchange issue with the DOJ. The primary issue is their concern over surcharging, and it relates to credit cards. This is a dialogue that we've had with them for a lengthy period of time. The current conversations are dovetailing with the litigation conversation. So we're in the midst of -- so I think this is just part of the same fabric, and I think that things are moving in a direction that we have anticipated and so we're not unhappy with where we are.
Joseph Saunders: Well, you made some specific statements as to what the implications of the amendment are, and I'm not as certain as you are about how those are going to manifest themselves. And we've already had, of course, had dialogue with our clients. We've had an initial dialogue with the Fed. We’ve continued to pursue it congressionally as it relates to intent. We've looked at who we are. We looked at what we do. We look at what value we bring, and we have a number of different ways to react to the situation that you're referring to. And I think that when everything is said and done, and all the smoke is cleared that we'll continue to do well. What that specifically means, I can't speak to right now. And as it specifically relates to Interlink, it may or may not affect Interlink per se, but that's just part of our business. I mean we have a PIN Debit business and a Signature Debit business. And maybe there's less distinction between the two, maybe there isn't. I think we'll have to wait and see. But either way, we're prepared.
Joseph Saunders: Let me offer the initial response. We will look to give you an update on annual guidance going forward at the next earnings call. That's our custom, to guide at the beginning of the year. It has been around $1 billion for the last couple of years. And in light of the unfolding recovery in the economy, where we stand in the environment, hopefully clarified by then in the U.S., we'll take a very hard look at where the marketing dollars yield the most return. And then, on a bottoms-up basis come to a total and give you some reference points at the next earnings call.
Joseph Saunders: I don't think that there's any pressure that we're feeling right now that we haven't been feeling for quite some time. I think we've been in a competitive environment for a while. This probably exacerbates it to a certain extent. I obviously can’t get into talking about any of our contracts specifically. I think that we have thoughtfully taken our relationship with our clients into consideration in giving you our current guidance. And beyond that, there isn't much I can say. I mean, look, there are different things that can happen as a result of the Financial Services Act, and we'll have to see what that means. I really don't believe in my heart of hearts that it's going to stop the electronic payments from growing in the United States. And I really believe that Visa will be a significant part of that in the future as we are now. What that means, what form that takes, how that changes our business model is not -- I'm just not able to specify that at this particular point in time. But you should take some confidence in knowing that we are paying attention. We’re not just sitting on our hands waiting for something to happen. We are aware of the different directions that things can go and we are aware that different things will come into play. But to specify that publicly right now is just not possible.
Joseph Saunders: Some of it was WaMu. I mean some of it was WaMu and some of it was -- we did have some conversions. And I think that Chase started putting out Visa cards last July and started their conversions in January and the conversions are still going on and will go on through the end of the year.
Joseph Saunders: We've allowed discounting for a number of years. The definition of how someone can discount has been modestly expanded. But frankly, we've never looked at that as a significant risk. I mean, we've always been okay with the notion of discount. We've had a little bit more trepidation as it relates to surcharging, but not at this time.
Joseph Saunders: We have not looked at it so much from the yield side as just the raw, secular revenue opportunity. And you particularly singled out mobile as opposed to the e-commerce space, which is one of the, if not our fastest-growing source of transactions, many of which are cross-border. So from that standpoint on the transaction basis to the extent that there is a disproportionate number of cross-border transactions within the e-commerce space that we're seeking, yes, the yields could be significantly higher. But you focused specifically on mobile, and in our view, there are going to be, particularly in the developing and emerging countries where a U.S.-type infrastructure is simply not in the cards, there is a significant opportunity for mobile to be the plastic of the emerging and developing world. India, it is why we are so focused on building out our business in India because mobile is such a good match with the infrastructure that will be cost effective for that enormous country.
Joseph Saunders: On Payclick, literally in June, we just launched a pilot. And as you pointed out, that was done in Australia. So it is very, very early days in that. We'll have much more to talk about that going forward, but early days on that. Pilot just underway. Stay tuned.
Joseph Saunders: The answer is, there was a pricing action that took effect in July. But because of the quarter lag in our reporting of service fees, that won't actually show up until the first fiscal quarter of next year. And on the second part of your question, it is incorporated in the guidance that we have given for fiscal year 2011.
Joseph Saunders: No call out on the international. It is somewhat impacted by currency, but basically, we just outperformed during the quarter. And this has been a significant upside for us during the year. Just to give you all a little color, in month of April in constant dollars, cross-border volume was up 15; May, 19; June, 18; July through the first 21 days, 18, and that compares to the first month of the fiscal year when cross-border was zero. So this has been a very good story for us through the course of the year. With regards to timing of contracts, this is always hard. It's just hard to pick the quarter. And so nothing to read into this other than the pace has probably slowed a bit because with our U.S. banks given the dramatic attention that Washington has commanded over the last two quarters. Other than that, I would say nothing in particular to read into it.
Joseph Saunders: I don't know that I indicated that I thought that there was going to be an impact one way or the other. I just said that I have clarity as it relates to where we are for the last quarter of this year and next year. I also said I wasn't sure of all the implications. And I wasn't sure of exactly how we would position ourselves in response to some of the implications. But if I indicated to you that I thought there was a storm on the horizon, I didn't mean to. I'm just not going beyond 2011 at this particular juncture. As it relates to your question about our stock, you guys have more to say about that than I do. You tell me what happened. That's not my job. My job is to tell you who we are, how we're performing and how we see our performance in the future and that's what we're doing.
Joseph Saunders: With regards to CyberSource, we had some impact in pro fees in the third quarter. We will have much more in the fourth because we closed out the transaction during that quarter. And so, most of the direct CyberSource cost that are specifically deal-related will hit in the fourth and, of course, will not recur. We could easily have some integration costs that will stretch over into the early part of fiscal year '11. But the CyberSource fees pretty much goes away at the end of this quarter. Personnel, we're not going to talk about that specifically. But what we will do on the next earnings call is give you a sense as to where we see revenue growth and where we see margins, operating margins, which will encompass personnel, and don't be surprised if we have a word or two on marketing.
Byron Pollitt: Julio, Byron. So we're just going to respond to the pricing opportunities pretty much what we have said before that we have behind us most of the mark-to-market opportunities, which were more domestic in nature going forward, more of the opportunity that we have. First of all, more modest. Second, it is much more outside the United States. So much more of a rest of world opportunity. We are still in the process of standardizing practices so opportunities still remain. And then of course, with the unfolding legislation that we have in the United States. Once the legislation is clarified, then that will give us an opportunity to relook at the services that we provide that deliver value and look for opportunities to reprice consistent with the strategies that we will be pursuing in the new environment going forward.
Byron Pollitt: On the first part, the conversions did contribute, but very, very, modestly, not material. And on the second part of the question...
Byron Pollitt: So the appetite remains. So I'll just use this as an opportunity to once again reaffirm that management's intent to return excess cash to shareholders in the form of both dividends and repurchases. Of the outstanding authorizations that we have today, we have $336 million unutilized, and we will be looking for opportunistic moments over the next several months to use that authorization. And then, of course, we are never hesitant at future board meetings to ask for additional authorization.
Byron Pollitt: So let me take that one, Jason. Let me share a few more granular numbers to give a little bit of perspective. I would say overall, our view is that we are in recovery. What we're seeing on balance suggests maybe a lower probability of a double dip than what we might have suspected a quarter ago. But we also believe that the recovery is going to be protracted. When you look at it on a month-by-month basis, the numbers are certainly good, given the prior-year comps. But you're going to have some bumps along the way, and hence, the notion of a recovery without turbulence, our guess is it's not in the cards. Let me give you a quick snapshot of what we saw the last several months for the U.S. This is all-in payment volume. Let's start with March. March payment volume increased 16% then went to 15% in April, then it went to 15% in May. Then it dropped to 12% in June, still a good number, but a little turbulent. And July, through the 21st of July, it's positive 13%. So all suggesting recovery. But whether it will be consistently upwards sustaining and accelerating, hard to call.
Byron Pollitt: I would just add to that, that in addition to the conversions, we are perhaps seeing a build in recovery. Remember, we are comping off of a pretty low volume last year that is -- relatively, we had actually negative-payment-volume growth last year. So we are ramping up. And then, in addition to that, you have your conversions that are contributing to that. So it is an underlying resurgence in the business. Consumers spend within that. And then on top of that, you have an extra increment associated with the wins that we've experienced and conversion.
Byron Pollitt: So let me talk about the data processing first. I think the biggest dynamic, as you transition from three to four in terms of quarters, is that we've lapped the pricing action that we took last year. That's by far and away, the single, largest dynamic. And from a modeling perspective, the way you might think about looking at data processing as I described in my opening remarks is that if you began with the underlying transaction growth, Visa processed transactions are the primary driver of data processing. And then, basically what we're saying is that as volume is building, a lot of that volume is going to clients that are already in our lowest pricing tier, or we're putting more of the volume in lower pricing tiers. And that's a natural outgrowth of the healthy growth in the business and what happens when you have increasing economies of scale. We share that with our clients. And so that's basically the dynamic on the data processing side. On service fees, it's a much more complicated dynamic. I wouldn't read too much into month-to-month shifts. And so, hard to comment surgically on that. I would just say, there's no material callout today on service-fee trending.
