Chris Suh: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So April volumes, as I said on the call, through the first three weeks were lower than March -- the month of March. This was due to the timing of Easter, which again was in March this year and April of last year. And so once you factor that into March and April growth rates, the change between the months are -- the change in growth rate is not meaningful. As far as tax payments at this point, I don't really have an update. Largely they've been consistent at this point year-to-date.
Chris Suh: Yeah, sure. Why don't I start? Yeah, we don't have specifics to break-out. As we talked about, the e-commerce business has been strong. It continues to grow above what we expected. The yields across our entire cross-border business are positive and accretive to Visa overall. And so we're happy with all flavors of cross-border, but I don't have a further breakout for you in terms of the pieces that you were asking about.
Chris Suh: Yeah. As we talked about on the call, we see quite stable -- relatively stable volumes in the US across credit and debit, normalizing for the things that I talked about. And so in addition, as I talked about Reg II, the impact remains stable as well. And so from our perspective, our data indicates stable volume growth in the US.
Chris Suh: Yeah. Let me talk about Q2 growth. The two pieces of information that we gave you in terms of Q2 growth. We saw commercial volume growth globally 8%, stable to Q1 and in fact, stable over the last several quarters. And we saw very strong growth in Visa direct transactions, growing 31% for the quarter. New flows revenue in total growing 14%, which was in line with our expectations that we shared with you at the start of the year. I think the recovery that you're referencing to was because Q1 growth was lower and that was really due to some lapping issues that were one-time and non-recurring, which we passed at this point.
Chris Suh: Yeah. Okay. Let me start first with incentives, the first part of your question. So, as you all have seen from quarter-to-quarter, incentive growth can vary based on a number of factors, client performance, deal timing, which is what caused half one to come in lower than anticipated. For our outlook for the second half of the year, our expectations remain largely unchanged. We still expect year-over-year growth to be lower in the second half than in the first half as we lap the higher incentives that we saw starting in the second half of last year. And we do expect the Q4 incentive growth rate will be the lowest growth quarter of the year. So expectations for half two are unchanged. To your second question on ATS, let me -- there's a lot of moving parts in here. And so maybe I'm just going to kind of go through it in detail and unpack bit by bit. Globally, Q2 ATS year-over-year growth was down slightly, which is consistent with the growth that we saw in Q1. Breaking that apart between the US and international. In the US, ticket size growth actually continued to improve from Q1 to Q2, still slightly negative, but the trend improved from Q1 to Q2. And looking ahead in the US, this is something that we've spoken to previously, we do continue to expect ATS will turn positive in the second half of this year as we lap the lower ticket sizes in the second half of last year. Internationally, outside of Asia-Pacific, let's set that aside for a second, we saw improvement in several regions, including the impact from higher inflation in several markets. And so overall, excluding Asia, we still expect ATS to turn positive in the second half based on the expected improvements in the US with the impact of Asia factored in, global ATS will be slightly negative and that was factored into the revised payment volume outlook that I gave for the full year.
Chris Suh: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. I think Europe is the most developed open banking market in the world. We bought Tink two years ago believing that it was the best platform in Europe and I think that's proven true over the couple of years that we've had a chance to own it. On the client side, in Europe, we've been making great progress. I think I mentioned a couple in my prepared remarks, we've been -- we've been winning business and winning share with both fintechs as well as more traditional banks, merchants, and others, both in the payment side of things and in the account information side of things. I would describe the US market as less developed as Europe. And so I think it's an opportunity for us to take the learnings that we've had in the much more developed Europe market as well as the success we've had with our clients, the products, the services, the wins and the losses and bring all of that to the US market. So we're excited to do that. And as I mentioned, I think the US market is still at the very early stages of its development. So I think it's a good time for us to be a competitor in the market. And we're hopeful that over the coming quarters and years, we'll have a chance to share with you a lot of the success that we have in the US market.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Tien-Tsin. I think what you're seeing is good execution from our sales team, doing what we do when we do it best, which is in with our clients, listening, learning, obsessing about what's important to them and then bringing them products and value propositions that are helping meet their needs and drive their strategies and really just kudos to our team on the ground there and the great work that they're doing.
Chris Suh: Yeah. Thanks for the question. On the -- it's really the first of the things that you mentioned. Now, of course, we need to have great acceptance. We need to have great capabilities and all those types of things, which we do in every market we operate around the planet. So then it becomes sitting down with clients, helping them understand the value of, for example, a Visa debit card versus a card that runs primarily on domestic schemes. And then you get into e-commerce capabilities that Visa Debit is able to provide their clients that maybe they don't get the same type of capabilities from the domestic scheme. You get to cross-border travel opportunities that their customers would have if they were using a Visa card versus one of those domestic schemes that I mentioned. You also get into the risk and fraud prevention capabilities that I mentioned earlier and the ability to have more transactions approved and lower fraud rates, tokenization, I mean, all these kind of benefits, you've heard us talk about over and over again, those are what our teams can sit down with the clients and explain to them. Often the clients will do some pilots and some tests, they'll see the results, they'll see higher spend, they'll see higher client satisfaction. And then ultimately the decision to issue Visa cards to their clients becomes a very clear decision for them.
Chris Suh: Yeah, sure. Yeah, I spoke at length about volatility. So we had -- in Q2 we saw volatility -- currency volatility at multiyear lows. This one is hard to predict. In Q3, our assumption, what's embedded in the guidance for Q3 is that the currency volatility levels remain at this low level. We do have, again, embedded in our forecast. We do anticipate that Q4 improves slightly. That's generally in line with market expectations. But, yeah, that is our view of currency volatility. That said, the underlying health of our business as we enter the second half of the year, we feel really good about across consumer payments, across new flows, across value-added services. And so volatility is sort of the variable and we'll have to see how it comes in.
Chris Suh: Sure. Let me unpack that a little bit. From a -- as you heard us, we reaffirmed our prior year guide for the full year, adjusted net revenue growth, OpEx, EPS. And within that, I spoke about the fact that volatility is going to cause our currency volatility -- treasury revenues in international to be lower than we anticipated in Q3. But again full year unchanged within that. Our expectations for new flows in that are consistent with the ones that we shared at the beginning of the year, which we anticipated. For the full year, new flows will grow faster than consumer payments with weighted toward faster growth in the second half of the year. We're seeing that with the 14% growth in Q2. We anticipate continuing to see a good growth in the second half of the year. Value-added services has grown over 20% in each of the first two quarters. The momentum there is pretty evident. The second part of your question was, I think, around cross-border travel of volumes in total. So we did make a little bit of adjustment. You heard me talk about based on half-one trends. And so again, this is one with a couple of parts, so let's just go through it in detail. First of all, we feel really good, feel great about our first-half total cross-border performance, 16% growth in Q2, in line with our expectations, and within that, travel was 17% and e-commerce growth mid-teens better than expected. And so that unpacking travel a bit, we've seen most of our travel volume expectations play out actually as we planned at the beginning of the year, which continues to be strong and healthy in most regions LAC, Europe, CEMEA and all the ones that I talked about on the call, with Asia being the exception to that, which again continues to improve with the pace of recovery being slower than expected, offset again by strength in the e-commerce cross-border business, which is performing better than we expected.So we expect these trends to continue into the second half and thus, we've moderated our outlook for travel due to AP and upped our expectations on e-commerce. So putting that all together, overall, our view is that total cross-border volumes remain strong, growing in the mid-teens in the second half, which is frankly the better measure in relation to our financial performance given the strong yields across both travel and e-commerce.
Chris Suh: As we talked about both service revenue and data processing revenue grew generally in line with the underlying drivers, service revenue at 7% versus the 8% in constant dollar PV, Q1 constant dollar PV that's impacted by a number of smaller things, none of which I would call out as a single thing. Data processing revenue grew a little bit above processed transactions, 1.12 versus 11 and that was helped aided a little bit by pricing. From a yield perspective, I think the thing that's important is that our second quarter yields remained consistent with Q1 and consistent with the average over the last several quarters. And so we're seeing very stable yields across the business and we're pleased to see that. And even more broadly, our net revenue yield across the whole company remained quite stable.
Ryan McInerney: I mean, I'll talk about the business just for a minute, Moshe. Thanks for the question and then, Chris, you can add any specific callouts. As I think I said in my prepared remarks, the business is really hitting its strides in a lot of different areas in terms of the product we're bringing to market, the success our sales teams are having around the world, we're really focused on three big areas of trying to drive growth. One is just deepening the penetration of products we have with existing clients. That's -- if you think about it is the most near-term opportunity that we have and we've got metrics, client-by-client all around the world, what are they using, what are they not using. We're arming our sales teams with that. We're building case studies on how we can help them and we're driving progress in terms of deepening the relationship we have with our existing clients. And then we're building new products that we're bringing to market. I mentioned a few of those in my prepared remarks today, both in the risk and fraud space as well as in the open banking space and then driving geographic expansion. I mentioned I think just one cybersource deal in my prepared remarks, but cybersource has been a great example of a platform where we've been having success growing in markets where we hadn't traditionally been as deep. AP is actually a positive example of that in the cybersource space. So those are a couple of call-outs, Moshe, in terms of kind of how we're just seeing the broader business.
Ryan McInerney: Hey, Dan. Let me backup. I think this is a little different than what you were describing. What we found in the US e-commerce market is that it's the most -- on the one hand, it's the most developed e-commerce market on the planet. On the other hand, it's become the place of the most sophisticated fraud and attack vectors that we see anywhere in the world. And so what we were bringing -- we are bringing to market with Visa Deep Authorization is an e-commerce transaction risk scoring platform and capability that is specifically tailored and built for the unique sets of attack vectors that we're seeing in the US. So it's -- as I was mentioning in my prepared remarks, it's built on deep learning technology that's specifically tuned to some of the sequential and contextual view of accounts that we've had in the US market. And the whole goal is what we do with a lot of our fraud and authorization products. We want to -- we want to make it a better buyer and seller experience. We want to reduce fraud rates, increase authorization rates, increase shopping conversion for our merchant partners. And we think Visa Deep Authorization is going to be yet another tool that will help do that.
Ryan McInerney: Thanks, Trevor. I think the good news on this front is it brings clarity and stability to the market. This is litigation that's been out there for the better part of 20 years or so. I think there's been a lot of great work that's been done to bring this to a resolution. Just to remind everyone what the main planks of the resolution are. It really is two different sets of things. One is it will reduce interchange for US -- for credit cards in the US market for both Visa and Mastercard and it will have no increases in interchange for the five years of the agreement. And then the second set of things are tools that give merchants more flexibility to how they manage payments significant -- specifically as it relates to surcharging and things like that. I think, overall, it's what I said, Trevor, which is clarity and stability that lets everybody who operates in the US market move on and move on continuing to grow the digitization of this great payments ecosystem that we've all collectively built in the United States.
Ryan McInerney: Okay. You have a great memory. As we've said, our top 265 clients or so use on average about 22 of our value-added services. We don't talk about like how that's moved quarter-to-quarter, but the opportunity is enormous just when you think about the number of clients we have around the planet. And so as I was mentioning earlier kind of what we've done is we've armed our frontline teams with kind of client-by-client, what are they using, what are they not using, what are the opportunities to create value for the client by putting value-added services A, B, C or D to work for them and we're having great success and you see that in the numbers. In terms of the pricing, it's -- it's different pricing models for different products and different suites of solutions in different places around the world. We're always trying to come up with the right product pricing mix that's going to work best for our products in the market. And we have a portfolio of value-added services that span from issuing to acceptance to risk and identity to advisory into open banking and the competitive sets are deep and different in all of those markets. So we're bringing different pricing approaches to each and every market around the world to help meet the best that we can for our clients.
Ryan McInerney: Yeah. Thanks, Jamie. We view the Mexican opportunity as a very significant one. And coincidentally, I was just down there a couple of weeks ago meeting with clients and meeting with the Prosa team as well. So as I think I explained on one of these calls, today, because we don't process transactions domestically in Mexico, we're not able to deliver a lot of the value-added services that I've mentioned over the course of this call to our clients. And so first and foremost, our clients are very excited about us having the opportunity to have a majority ownership stake in Prosa and then bring these world class capabilities that we've built to the Mexican market, the things I mentioned earlier, tokenization or the risk scoring algorithms that I mentioned or the e-commerce capabilities that I mentioned those types of things. Now Prosa itself is a great asset. It's been operating for 50 years in Mexico has deep processing experience, it has scale. They do more than 10 billion transactions annually. They have a great base of clients. So it's really the combination of both Prosa's experience and deep footprint in the Mexican market combined with our experience, our technology, our track record in bringing a lot of these services to market, the combination of those two things gives us a lot of confidence and our clients a lot of confidence that we can digitize the significant amount of cash and check and electronic payments that exist today in Mexico.
Ryan McInerney: Yeah, thanks. We're having great success in all three. I gave you examples. Some of our teams are ahead of others in different parts of the world and domestic schemes are more prevalent in some parts of the world than others like I mentioned Europe as an example. But the opportunity is enormous in all three of these areas and we've been having really good success in all three of the areas.
