Al Kelly: Well, I think as we grow out our capabilities, if you see the recovery in the pandemic. I think that these have payouts capability we just put in place, which basically brings together what was earth for. And Visa Direct is a single point of connection is going to facilitate many more use cases and make it very, very easy for, for people to spend money cross-border. And that’s kind of the high volume, lower value types of transactions. I think we are continuing to make progress in connecting more banks around the world to B2B Connect. And as we complete the grow out of that network over the next few years, I see us as having great capability to drive cross-border B2B high value, lower volume types of transactions. So I think the combination of our capabilities, what has happened in terms of continued adoption of digitization and the capabilities that we have built in and the use cases that we are working with today and anticipate adding to the mix over time. I think this is going to become an increasingly important and growing part of our business.
Al Kelly: But – I will start Darrin. First of all, I think we definitely see millions of new people coming into the e-com shoppers who weren't there before, and I don't think they're going to turn backward at all. So I think that certainly remains obviously as we get out of the pandemic, the stimulus types of money will dry up and that will go away. I think the people being concerned about cash and much more comfortable shopping online, the combination of that will continue. I think that will also see structurally much more Tap to Pay as people find that to be a more helpful way to shop. I think we're seeing governments during this pandemic become bigger clients and they're increasingly interested in showing the way in terms of digitizing more of what they do as a government and I think we'll see more of that activity taking as well. I think that, in general we had before the pandemic a very little separation in growth rate between debit and credit, in any given month or quarter, they would kind of grow within a percentage point of each other. We saw incredible separation during the pandemic as much as 40 points of differential incomes of growth. We're now seeing in this quarter credit come back a bit and then start to drift into a positive territory. But I think that at least for the foreseeable future and maybe for longer, that I think you're going to see debit continue to grow above credit, although as travel comes back that should certainly help bounce back credit buyers, particularly since most of the travel co-brand cards and many of the actual travelers tend to use credit cards.
Al Kelly: Well, I think the – first of all, good to hear from you. I think that the pandemic has interrupted a little bit, a real bolstering of credentials that was driven by a combination of marketplace platforms, wallets, Neobanks et cetera. I cited a number of examples in my remarks about the fact that we think that there's upwards of 2 billion more credentials out there from a lot of those types of players and we've seen, but I do it by building partnerships with numbers of Fintechs over the course of the last year or two, a tremendous amount of opportunity to grow these credentials. Either by having these players become issuers and acquirers for us, which is a very big and important trend particularly in developing countries, but also just getting currencies and credentials into some of the existing wallets. But we believe there's an enormous opportunity to grow the number of credentials. And it's something that we're certainly focused on particularly as we talked to the FinTechs, the Wallets, and then the Neobank around the world.
Al Kelly: Well, thanks, Dan. This is an interesting subject. So let me give a little bit of background to talk about where we see the opportunities. So first of all there's two market segments as we see it. No one is, are the Bitcoin to kind of, which are primarily assets held by people, they're not used much in a form of payments. We kind of think of them as the digital gold, and then there are digital currencies including central bank digital currencies and stable coins that are directly backed by existing fiat currencies, and they're definitely emerging as a payment option. And they're running on public blockchain, which is really an essence and additional network, much like an RTP or ACH might be. So our focus is on five different opportunities that we see in this space. And I would say that this is space that we are leaning into in a very, very big way and I think are extremely well positioned. The first opportunity is really at the core of what we do, which is enabling consumers to make a purchase of these currencies or Bitcoins, and we're working hard with Wallets and exchanges to just make sure we're facilitating acceptance of people's ability to use their Visa cards to buy. And besides referenced that in his remarks that we through our some increase, some of them by paying for people making these purchases on Visa card. Secondly, the second opportunity is enabling digital currency cash outs to fiat. So converting a digital currency to a fiat on a Visa credential, which then makes that those funds available for shopping at any one of the 70 million Visa merchants and gives immediate utility to the digital currency and we're the clear leader here. We've got over 35 digital currency platforms and wallets that have chosen to work with us. Coin based crypto.com, block five-fold BitPay are just some examples. And, so that's certainly the second big opportunity. Thirdly is enabling financial institutions and FinTech partners to be able to have a crypto option for their customers. So what we've done in this space is we created APIs that enable financial institution customers to purchase custody, or even trade digital currencies held by anchorage, which is the first federally charted digital asset bank in the U.S. and we've done our first rollout with first Boulevard, which is a digital Neobank focused on building generational wealth for the black community. So that's the third opportunity just helping FIS and FinTechs have this crypto option for their customers. Four point is settlement, which you started to reference, we've upgraded our infrastructure to allow a financial institution to settle with Visa in a digital currency with stable coin, starting with USDC. As you think, today we transact in 160 currencies every day, and we settle every evening in 25 currencies. So we're going to now be able to support digital currencies as an additional settlement currency on our network. And on our end, we're going to settling in USDC is pretty similar to settling in U.S. dollars, but the mechanics of receiving these funds is a bit different and requires just some integration work with several crypto custodian like players like anchorage. And then the fifth area of opportunities just working with central banks. Central bank digital currencies being explored in many nations and I think it could end up being proved to be quite valuable in countries where the infrastructure to distribute cash is either unavailable or limited. And it's one of the factors that hinders these 1.7 billion people I referred to on remarks that are outside the financial mainstream for being in the financial mainstream. So we're talking to central banks about the criticality though of public private partnership, and in particular the criticality of acceptance, because for these central bank digital currencies to have value they're going to have to both these secure in the minds of consumers and that's something we have a long track record with and can help. And then secondly, obviously they have to have some form of utility. So Dan, that's a bit about how we're thinking about crypto with our real focus on digital currencies and those five opportunities.
Al Kelly: Sorry, Vasant. I'd better tread a little bit lightly there in light of the DOJ case, so we feel very good about our Visa debit business. We think we've got very, very good capabilities and we believe that the innovations that we have the ability to stand behind customers in disputes and other cases makes our products something that both consumers, merchants and issuers look to true. And we will continue to invest in debit for a product that we hope people use both online and in purchases around the world.
Al Kelly: Well, Dan, we don't typically get into forecasting out that far, but obviously you hopefully got a good sense in my remarks that we feel like we have three very strong growth drivers and we think each of them has tremendous gas left in the tank. We – and our consumer payments which has been our staple for years still has huge upside, you're back to Tien-Tsin’s question about credentials growth. We think there is tremendous amount of growth in credentials, we think there is tremendous amount of growth in acceptance footprint. We think there is a tremendous amount of growth when we look at various geographies, and we look at the 1.7 billion people that are outside the financial mainstream. When we look at new flows there is $185 trillion of opportunity there. So we think we've got two big efforts going in both B2B and Visa directed to take advantage of those. And value-added services is relatively new as well, but we've got to – in terms of how we talk about it, we've had many value-added services or capabilities or solutions for years and they've always contributed well to our revenue, but we were increasingly been focused on them the last two years. And we’re driving a lot more revenue and higher revenue growth than we had in consumer payments through value-added services. And so we think there is still a tremendous amount of upside there, I commented about the fact that we're getting high usage from a lot of our clients, but there is still a huge amount of room to grow with existing – with clients that are already using value-added services, as well as clients that are not assuming as many of their value-added services. So I look ahead and say the future is very, very bright and adding on top of that a lot of what we've talked about in terms of digitization and the fact that we will come out of this pandemic and we'll start to see travel recover all of those are extremely good trends for us.
Al Kelly: I don't know where installments is going to end up, but we are attacking that, like we attack crypto and other things and assuming that it's going to be successful and that we want to lean in heavily and be in the middle of it and be a driver of what's going to potentially happen. As you alluded to, we have both strategy working with third-party providers as well as offering our own Visa proprietary platform that would allow issuers to offer their own buy now, pay later capability. And we see it as potentially having a very, very good effect for us. I mean, we could see – we could work with a whole bunch of options, virtual cards from Visa could be used for repayments, a Visa card on file could be used for repayment, we could explore Visa Direct as a way for installments to be paid off. And in many of those cases, if that's the case, what ends up happening is a single purchase turns into a number of installments. So that one transaction can end up being three to four or five payment transactions, which is certainly very, very good for us. We also think that this is a space where we can sell value-added services, data analytics broadband providers underwriting for example are risk products to help some of the third-party provider. So we’re doing a lot in this space, we're committed to it, there are countries where it has taken off, there is other countries where it's nascent. Again, I can't predict exactly where it's going to land, but we are going to the degree that it takes off, we're going to be there to be part of it.
Al Kelly: Well, in my remarks, what I believe I referenced was that in travel, we were seeing higher spend per card versus seeing more people active. And while we haven't been able to study that, what we think is happening is that with – in places that people can travel, there tend to be also just less restrictions. And that's just opening up more options for people to actually spend. And for instance instead of doing takeout, go to a restaurant and eat a more expensive meal or a nice bottle of wine and et cetera. So I think that right now, what we're seeing is simply higher spend per card in terms of travel. We haven't commented on spend per card beyond that.
Al Kelly: And with that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today. If you have additional questions, you can always reach out to myself or Jennifer and we're happy to help you. So thanks so much and have a great day.
Vasant Prabhu: A couple of things to add, before we got into the pandemic two-thirds of our cross-border business was travel related, one-third was e-commerce related. Today, in the second quarter two-thirds of our business was cross-border e-commerce, one-third was travel. It says two things, one how much our cross-border e-commerce business has grown and the second, how much recovery is left in our cross-border travel business, because Al has said, most of our cross-border travel is personal travel and there's a substantial amount of personal travel that is going to come back once border is reopened. So the traditional, cross-border e-commerce is an area of significant growth we've seen that as people move online, they become somewhat less sensitive to where the product is shipped from. And there's just a lot more cross-border e-commerce. The other use case that pulls a lot of potential is to the extent that crypto related transactions become significant and they are enabling a vast number of them. One use case that is particularly useful in either stable coin or Bitcoin type of scenarios is cross-border. And that is another new use case that could have a lot of potential in the long-term.
Vasant Prabhu: I mean, a couple of other things to add there is, as you know, debit has become the engine for cash digitization. And what we see in this pandemic, especially as it has gone on for quite a while, is there's often a hurdle in getting people to change habits. So people are used to using cash, getting them to use digital forms of payment, not take some time. This pandemic has called a range of changes in behavior, because there was no choice, whether it's an emerging markets, where there was a greater propensity to use cash or certain cultures, you've heard of Germany and Japan as having been very cash based economies for a very long time or habits in terms of people using cash for certain categories like food and drug that's changing, more people using more cash at the physical point of sale, as Al said, with the cash dirty risk, as well as Tap to Pay are making payments easy at the physical point of sale, we're seeing a substantial shift towards cash digitization, even at the physical point of sale. And then the point you said about smaller and smaller transactions that used to be cash moving digital, again Tap to Pay is a big engine for that and the trajectory of Tap to Pay remains very significant. And we are probably within a year of coming to the point where the U.S. will be in takeoff with on Tap to Pay to which is a very big market.
Vasant Prabhu: Well, David, I think one of the incredible stories of the pandemic was that, debit has become the cash of the e-commerce world and people are doing much more everyday shopping post the pandemic than they did pre the pandemic. The amount of food orders that are placed and takeout orders that are placed, buying normal household staples that might have been, many of them were in person or the vast majority and maybe even some of them were in cash. But we're just seeing the type of transaction that typically goes along with debit is everyday spend. And so what we're seeing as a real structural change is, everyday spend is food from in-person to e-commerce in a big way. I do think though that credit will make a rebound particularly as some of the larger discretionary spending comes back in as the affluent get back into making travel reservations as the online travel agency business starts to grow. I think that there'll be a closing of the gap between debit growth and credit growth. But again, as I said to Darrin, I'm not sure that we get back to those two different card platforms growing at the same level going forward. I think we certainly closed the gap, but I think at least as far out as I'm looking right now, debit will continue to outpace the growth of credit.
Vasant Prabhu: On revenues – high teens is our best estimate. Service revenues as you know were recognizing with a quarter lag. So the service revenues you've seen in the third quarter remember will not reflect the revenues related to the volumes in the third quarter. So the third quarter will have a big ramp in volumes as you're seeing, because we're lapping, but the revenues in service fees will reflect the revenues from the volumes in the second quarter, it's important to remind people of that. In terms of the cross border business, I think you see what the trends are. In terms of transactions, I think the trends are fairly stable at this point quarter-over-quarter. A point to make on incentives, it's important for you to note that last year third quarter was when our incentives were really hit because volumes declined, even though we recognized and received that allowed – our incentives are recognized in the quarter based on quarter volumes. So this quarter we'll see a big ramp in volumes relative to last year, which are going to cause incentives to go up a lot and be compared to a quarter last year where they went down. The second thing is, we have these incentives tied to certain thresholds being achieved last year because of all the drops, thresholds were not achieved, this year we're resuming the ability, so you get an additional amount of incentive, because clients are going to hit certain thresholds. So you have to factor in the fact that year-over-year incentives growth is going to be quite high in the third quarter and factor in the fact that we won't have the benefit of the volumes in our service fees because of the lag. So you should make sure you have all that as you think about our third quarter revenue growth.
