Vasant Prabhu: Darrin, just a couple of things. I think the two things you should take away from what we said was there's a certain amount of moving around going on between the third quarter and the fourth quarter. We said that the revenue growth in the third quarter will be the low point of the year in terms of growth and then it will pick up in the fourth quarter, approaching double digits. So that's one thing. The second is expense growth will step up a bit in the third quarter. Still in the mid-single digits level for the full year, but step up in the third quarter as some expense is shifting between the first half and the second half in marketing and technology. And then if you look at our personnel expenses, you should be looking more at what the first quarter level was and a little bit of growth with some of the initiatives we have underway. And the last piece that shifts things, mostly between the third and the fourth quarter, was the tax rate. The main take away from all this is, as we said, $0.06 to $0.08 shift out of the third quarter. For the full year all we're saying is we still feel good about the range we provided, but we're at the lower end of the range. Really in line with where the street is right now. Your other component of the question was currency volatility. We did tell you that it was at five-year highs in the second quarter. So in terms of what we're expecting going forward, as you know, we benefit when there's volatility because FX spreads widen. It does offset a little bit the translation impact of currencies. We're not assuming they stay at five-year highs. We're assuming that there's some amount of regression to the mean, but we're not assuming they go to the kinds of lows we saw last year. So it's anybody's guess really. So we're just assuming that it's not going to stay at this level, but nor is it going to be as calm as it was last year.
Vasant Prabhu: And the pricing is in. Just to clarify, the pricing -- there were two changes, both of which happened in April. The first was U.S. acquirer service fees on all credit products and the second was U.S. acquirer international service assessments. They went in roughly around the same time, but the impacts are somewhat different. One of them hits a little earlier in terms of impacts on our financials, the other a little later. So we get the full benefit of the pricing in the fourth quarter. We get a little less of a benefit in the third quarter. It's really a small difference.
Vasant Prabhu: I just want to highlight that we're not changing anything in terms of our full year expectations on expense growth. So there's really no change. So it's not like we pulled the trigger to do something different in the third or fourth quarter. As Charlie said, there are some marketing programs, particularly as it relates to Visa Checkout, that we think we can get a lot of traction doing in the back-to-school period. That's money that has been coordinated with merchants and things like that, that this is the best time to spend it. There are some regional marketing programs that are happening in the second half. There's some technology initiatives that are ramping up that may have been a little slower to start than we might have expected earlier, but are ramping up into the year, but it was all expect. And then in terms of the personnel expenses, there's a reasonable predictability in that, it fluctuates from quarter to quarter, sometimes there's some noise, small items here and there. But if you look at our first quarter run rate and you assume there's a certain amount of growth with some of the initiatives we have, all in all, I guess the short answer is -- we're not doing anything specific to ramp up the expense growth and our full year expectation does not change. And as we said in our remarks, if the world changes, we're ready to take a hard look at what remains to be spent and decide whether it needs to be spent.
Vasant Prabhu: Setting aside the share question, commercial payments growth for us in the second quarter was quite healthy at 10%; it's performing well. A lot of interest from non-financial institutions, participants to provide value added services. So there's a lot of non-traditional people coming in, like technology providers, healthcare entities and so on. I don't know if Charlie --
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, I think you should look at -- there are three things going on in that international transactions line. One is, of course, all those transactions are in various currencies, so there is clearly an FX translation impact which is largely negative. The second is the things we talked about which is that strong currency markets have outbound commerce that's improving, but the purchasing power of the currency is greater. So that you don't get the full volume benefit even though transactions are growing and then in weak currency markets you've got inbound -- you've got declining outbound commerce and a weaker currency. The net effect of all this is also negative. Offsetting that, certainly we've benefited from volatility. I don't think we really ever publicly quantified those kinds of benefits. They move around. But clearly there's no question that some of the negative impact of the currency translation has been offset by the widening of the spread. And the two are uncorrelated. You could see the currencies moving the other direction but the volatilities don't have to go along with them. But we'll keep you posted. As I said in the comments or in the question earlier, we're not assuming that volatilities remain at these highs. We're assuming some moderation in volatilities in the second half of the year. We're also not assuming that currency markets will go back to being sort of as calm as they were around this time last year.
Vasant Prabhu: Exactly, there are other things. As I said, three things going on in that line. Higher volatilities will help us on that particular dimension. On the other hand, a move in currencies which affect the translation line and so on. There are many things going on in that line.
Charlie Scharf: Let me take the second one first. Co-brands are in the market certainly all the time. It's been a competitive marketplace. And all the things that I talked about in terms of the advantages that we think we brought to Costco, we think we can provide to almost all co-brand partners out there. In this case, it's certainly helpful to be the incumbent and the leader in the space. We've got deep relationships with the largest co-brand providers, certainly here in the United States and others across the world. And those relationships, where we believe if you treat the partner properly, you prove to them over a period of time you help them grow, there's got to be a reason for them to want to do something else, other than be with you. And so we feel very good about our positioning there. On the Costco front, I think when you take a look at what we bring to equation, you can assume that Costco, who's got the most to lose in this, has thought an awful lot about what risks they have and what opportunities they have. And the reason for them to want to go and take the risk of moving the portfolio is because they think there's more upside doing business with us and Citi in this case. And when we think about and they think about the brand preference that their customers have, as I said in my remarks, the things that specifically the affluent and millennials think about our brand versus the competing brands out there, we're very confident that we'll be able to do a better job for Costco than the incumbent. And that will start day one, as we work extremely closely with Citi and Costco and that work has begun already.
Charlie Scharf: First let's talk Costco for a second, then we'll talk more broadly about co-brands. And I tried to make this point clearly. So, let me just make sure that I'm even clearer on it. We view Costco as something extremely unique. And so this is an industry where it's amazing, the gossip. And I don't know whether it's the consultants or what it is, but everyone likes to go around and talk about everything that's happening in terms of pricing and who did what to whom on this. What I would tell you is what we and my guess is issuers were willing to do for Costco is very specific to a unique opportunity to gain the kind of credit acceptance that we've talked about and the kind of co-brand that we've talked about, for a partner now that didn't accept our products in the past of this size. We view it as a unique opportunity to capture that volume and then to use the ability to have that acceptance to grow our products elsewhere, regardless of whether they're co-brand or not co-brand, but obviously the co-brand here will bring with it extraordinary benefits. So Costco to us stands on its own, in terms of the way we think economically about what we should be willing to do. In terms of whether the co-brand space is getting more competitive economically, I'm not sure. It's very, very competitive, as is the issuing business. And I think when people lose relationships like this, they need to figure out where they're going to look and so we assume that they'll continue to be competitive. As we think about our future and we think about our ability to continue to deliver the kind of growth that I think you are all expecting from us, we factor that into our assumptions along the way.
Charlie Scharf: Well, I guess I would start with, there were a lot of -- there were more issuers than Citi who wanted to win the co-brand. And so whoever certainly was involved in the process understands the competitive dynamic and what would exist. And again, I think from our perspective, the conversation is exactly what I've said here. It's a unique and strategic opportunity to get access to an extraordinary amount of volume that we and our clients weren't going to have access to and if you think about if we didn't win, the kind of conversation that we were going to have and the kind of conversation we would have to have with our issuers and their clients about not being able to participate in the opening of one of potentially the biggest retailers in the world, is not a conversation that we would have relished. So we feel very good about what we've done here. When we make decisions that affect our clients, we take them extraordinarily seriously and understand that they will look at those decisions in the context with everything else that we do for them and we feel good about what where we've come out and are confident that it's a benefit for them.
Charlie Scharf: Let me do the first one and then, Jack, you need to remind me about the second question. So in Brazil, listen, losses are losses. You know, I would just make it clear that these types of decisions aren't generally decisions that people make without talking to a series of people. So we were certainly involved in a series of conversations. And again, everyone makes their decisions in terms of what they're willing to do and at what price they're willing to do it at. And when a large issuer says that they're going to move volume away from you, it's going to be hard for us to make that volume up elsewhere. And that's a decision that we chose to make to some extent relative to how aggressive we were willing to be relative to pricing. Because we, as I said in my remarks, it's important for us not just to win volume, not just willing to win incremental revenue, but do it in a way which is smart for us and for the payments industry for the long term. And ELO is -- it is a fact. It is what it is. It's a different kind of network with different kind of capabilities targeted, for the most part, at different types of consumers than we generally target our business. And I'll tell you that I feel great about the relationships that we have with the other large issuers in Brazil and think we have the opportunity to continue taking share from them, albeit that share won't we place what we'll lose from Itau.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, Mexico. There is no timetable. We're actively working on some things, there, where we think that we can prove to the issuers that by us processing, it actually becomes a benefit for them and there's nothing imminent there, but it will evolve over time.
Charlie Scharf: Let me do the first one first. The first, they are unrelated. There's nothing that we see on the horizon or anything like that. As we said, incentives -- I've been here two-and-a-half years and it seems to me that we talk about this every single quarter which is we do our best to provide insight and we certainly do it for our own planning as to what incentives are going to be, quarter by quarter. But we don't have a lot of control over it. It's hard to know exactly when negotiations will become finalized, contracts will close and it changes the level of incentives. So as we've talked about multiple times, it is the full year that we really think about as something that we feel much better about than quarter to quarter. And on the one hand, we'd love to have things close sooner. It's not something we try and delay, but it happens in the normal course of business. And on the marketing side, there it just relates to some specific things that we're going to be doing in the second half of the year that really relate to the summertime, coming out of the summer into pre-school and then eventually leading into the holiday season. That relates to how we want to time our marketing spend.
Charlie Scharf: The only thing, commercial -- we all talk about commercial, across all of the different people that participate in this business, as one of the great opportunities. I mean, the two really meaningful opportunities that the industry has that are really meaningful, apart from just the business as we know it, is P2P and commercial. There are large, large sums of money that -- on the commercial space, specifically, we compete in. We've worked really hard on our products, we're doing fine in it. I really don't know about share. It's hard to know about it. But I think the 10% growth has the opportunity to be much, much larger. And that's something that we're working through and hopefully in the coming quarters, we'll have more to talk about specifically about what we're doing there. But it's an important business for us today. And the question is whether or not we can crack a nut and incrementally move it from the something which is incremental to which is more of a step function.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Again, I would say, the devil is going to be in the details in terms of the way the rules are written. I would say it's been our expectation -- well, let me back up. What I said in the remarks is that there was -- what has been said has been what we've expected. And so you should assume that we've been planning for that and working towards that. There are different time periods that are laid out in terms of what the state counsel announced, relative to when things would have to be ready and we have teams of people around the company that are working to be prepared to enter as soon as we possibly can.
Charlie Scharf: So we have the rate card out there. We've waived it through 2016 and we're continuing to look at exactly what we think the right way -- I would say what the right long term way for people to think about tokenization is, but to me, the important thing is, no one should expect that to be a monetary driver for us.
Charlie Scharf: On the first one, listen, I don't think it changes the probabilities at all from our perspective, because we're not inside their board rooms to understand exactly what they're saying and what their drivers are. It's a consistent question that people ask us, in terms of what the probabilities are and we really don't know because they need the 80% vote. Until they get the 80%, then it's not going to happen. So really don't know, really don't understand what the dynamics are and again, what really matters is how the blocking group of people feel about it. So those that don't want to vote for it. That's something that we're not privy to because we're not in those boardroom discussions. But again, to circle back, we work really closely with Visa Europe. Example, whole group of people here today, Nicola, the CEO, is here today, as we're working through all the things that we're doing together to do a great job for our global clients, enable them to be as competitive as they can be versus the competition in Europe. And then the credit acceptance versus MasterCard and American Express, hugely relevant. That's why when you talk about the uniqueness of it, it just doesn't exist for a merchant this size that never accepted our product and now all of a sudden doesn't accept our other major competitors here in the United States. As we think about what that means for all of our clients and for our cardholders, that's certainly factored into our thinking and I'm sure the issuer is thinking in terms of the importance and what it could mean certainly for our brand.
