Charles W. Scharf: Thank you, Jack. Very well said. I just want to start by letting everyone know how excited I’m to be part of Visa. After 10 years as some combination of an issue or a member of the Board, its great to be part of a team that I’ve known for 10 years or so. And especially Byron and his team, whom I’m going to embarrass him a little bit, he is even more impressive from inside the Company than he was from outside the Company as well as the team. I do feel lucky to be part of what clearly is a growth Company and a growth industry. These times are exciting. We got some great competition out there, both from traditional players and from new players. But as I’m going to talk a little bit here in the call, we love our position. Well first, we’re going to go through the quarter, which as you saw was very, very strong. And then even more importantly, I think once we go beyond that I’m going to talk a little bit more about our continued strong investment in the future of the Company. And it's our confidence in that you can see is exhibited by the additional share repurchase authorization that’s in today’s announcement. So Byron, going to walk through the quarter and then I’ll come back and give you some more detail thoughts and leave plenty time for Q&A at the end.
Charles W. Scharf: And Jason I will take the question on flexibility. I think – the way to think about that one is – again, if you go around and you talk to issuers across the globe and if you talk to merchants and if you ask what is the negative quality of these, hopefully after they go the long list of positives, they will talk about that we’re not as flexible as we could be, we got lots and lots of rules. And so what that means is they tend to get nervous that we can just change rules. They’re not sure about how that might impact them in the future. And our goal should be that we got rules that protect the integrity and the value of our payments network. That’s why they were put in place to begin with and they’ve just grown over a period of time. So, what we have to do is – as the Company evolves it has become much more commercial figure, define the rules as those things that are quote ‘who we’re’ and the protection of the value of our networks I described and then move other things into commercial arrangements that you would have with customers.
Charles W. Scharf: Yeah. We’re here to support the customers of our issuers and acquirers. That’s the way we think about it. That’s the way things are built here and that’s the way things will continue to be build. So, something like V.me, we're building V.me on behalf of our customers. If you go use V.me, you will have to register for it so that your information gets in there. But from that point forward, it is completely supportive of our banks. When you pay for something using V.me, we have the ability to show the card art exactly as it exists in someone's wallet today. So, V.me is not meant to be direct to consumer to go around our issuers, it's actually just the opposite. It's meant to support them with the electronic wallet that will enable them to continue to grow commerce. So as we think about – I want to talk about extending who we are, we love the business that we're in. Presumably, you all love the business that we're in which is why we trade the way we do. And so we're very mindful of that. And the opportunities for us to continue to figure out how to use technology whether it's our own or whether it's other peoples, to feed that network and to use our assets is what we're focused on.
Charles W. Scharf: Let me just add to what Byron said. If you just look at relative levels and just get my own view coming in from the outside is there's a lot of investment that's going on here. You see it in the expense line. You see it in the initiatives. You see – I mean you don't get to [work] with something like V.me without putting the resources into it or being able to be in the market with mobile, without having used the capital on something like Fundamo and whatnot. So, there is a significant level of investment going on with what you see and it still allows us to do what we've done with the dividend and with the repurchase program here. So, we feel like there's just plenty of room for all of those things.
Charles W. Scharf: Let me do that one first. I’m not at all worried, did I say worried, I always worry to the extent of, we all should be careful and clear. So, just assume that’s the case. But in my conversations with issuers, we all agree because they’re in the exact same spot. And I speak as much from where I came from as where I am, that we all need to do a better job of working with merchants. Our customers are merchants and acquirers. We’ve got that. We understand that. But ultimately there’s someone who uses the payment product, and there’s someone that accepts the payment product. And if the person that accepts the payment product is not particularly happy, that’s not a good thing for us. And that’s not a good thing for the issuers either. So, we are in total alignment on changing the nature of those relationships where they’re wanted. And it's something that we do -- that we’re working on in partnership with them, as well as partnership with the acquirers. We've had very open conversations with the acquirers about that. I was just with them, with all the big acquirers this past weekend, and they’re totally supportive of it. So, I’m not -- again assuming that we do this openly, the right kind of way. I think we’re all in this together. And your first – the first part of the question.
Charles W. Scharf: I guess the only thing I'd add is, listen, I think it's unfair and it's hard to try and stick yourself into the position of someone else when you're going through what this company was going through. And so, I have not personally sat and gone through exactly what happened, what was the thought, what were the options, I mean all the things that you would do to answer your question directly, I haven't done because I'm looking at the future here. But as I said, I think as we -- and I think we're all in the same page internally on this one is just as we look forward which is the important thing here, I mean it's about balancing everyone's issues and it's balancing issuers, it's balancing those with merchants, with acquirers, with our own. And we're going to be very, very conscious of that. We're going to do the right thing whether it creates noise or not, but make sure that everyone's represented in that discussion before we make a decision.
Charles W. Scharf: Sure. I was in China, I don’t know two or three weeks ago and had the opportunity to meet with a couple of senior members in the government with some of our big clients with China UnionPay and do some, and participate in some other activities that we’re involved in socially there. China is an interesting place for sure, we’re over there. We make money there and we have got some great partners there. The WTO ruling speaks for itself. Over time that market will evolve and will change and we feel like it’s important for us to be a good partner to people within the country to bring the benefits of Visa to China. In my conversations with people there, they want us there. They think we can add value not just because of the brand, but because of what our network is versus maybe what China UnionPay is today. And we’d hope over a period of time that we can work with China UnionPay in the context of the way the regulations exist today and as that market changes and evolves. We will figure out how we can do more inside that country, just as they look beyond that country as they develop. But again, I come back to what we have. Our network has been around for a long time. We’ve got 2 billion cards? That’s the number? 2 billion cards outstanding. The largest open-to-buy, the quality of the fraud tools, I mean, I can go on and on about what our network has, and if there is another competitor out there, so be it. Good competition is a good thing, not a bad thing.
Charles W. Scharf: Yeah. So listen, I said this before, which is, our number one opportunity is cash. So, we’re constantly -- the first thing we look at when we think about share is we think about the share of cash versus electronic payments. And it's our goal, it's our mission, it's what we do for a living is to move that number towards electronification. For all the reasons I talked about, it's just -- it's the right thing and it's a good thing for all the participants in the market place. And so, I know everyone likes to always ask questions, I mean, even my old job; they used to ask how you compete against the other competitors out there? We've got great competitors. They are doing some neat things. They are smart people. So, I think first and foremost given the market we’re in, there’s plenty of room for a bunch of us to be successful here. And so, that is -- the enemy first and foremost is cash. When you look at how we’re doing versus competitors; we looked pretty good; pretty happy with it.
Charles W. Scharf: So let me just go through a couple of thoughts. First of all, I would say focus, knowing -- being clear who our clients are and not isn't extremely important. We get a lot of pressure from a lot of people to use our assets to go do things and whatnot. And so my comments around knowing that our clients are the issuers and the acquirers is extremely important. We change the nature of those relationships. We put a lot of money in jeopardy at this place and potential future growth. Regulation and legislation clearly has been a big issue for the industry. We're very, very conscious of it. You can't be here and not be. Hopefully, some of the things I talked about when I talked about the priorities, over time with things that get to those issues, because ultimately if you've got the people who are participating in the payment system wanting to do business with you, as opposed to the opposite, then you don't get some of the pressures that you see. Again, competition is competition. I mean there's some great competition out there. I wouldn't trade our position with other people. It doesn't mean that we don't think about them, it doesn't mean that people don't do some really smart things, that we sit there and we say why them and not us, that's always the case in every business. But hopefully, they're sitting there and thinking more so of us. So, we spend a lot of time talking about both the traditional and the non-traditional people. So for sure we worry about it, but ultimately that one -- as sitting here today, we feel like we're in a good place.
Charles W. Scharf: Sure. On dis-intermediation I talk about competitors, traditional, non-traditional and that encompasses a wide range of people. So, again we think about it. We worry about it. What we hope people would look at over a period of time, and what we think people look at over a period of time is, our assets that we have here is really hard to build. It just is. The global connectivity, the acceptance that we have, the actual network the way I described it, and other people have other assets out there that they bring to the party. And, what we should be doing, and are doing, and will do more of is engaging with that community to figure out how they can get access to our network in a way which is friendly to our customers because, ultimately it doesn’t make sense for them to go build something that we already have. It doesn’t mean people won't try. It doesn’t mean they haven’t tried in the past. But again, I keep kind of saying this; it's up to us to prove to people why our asset is as good as we think. And that’s what we’ll continue to do.
Byron H. Pollitt: Why don’t I start on the tax rate, that’s correct, your tax rate is always comprised of components. This was a component that the timing of which uncertain. But this type of component was contemplated and as a result it’s fully consistent with the guidance we gave at the end of last quarter.
Byron H. Pollitt: I'll start. So I would say the first call on the growth in our capital is going to be software development that underpins our new products in mobile, V.me or right on the point of the sphere with that. That would support products that were to be deployed both in the United States and in rest of world and the development of those products, the actual incurring of the capital would also actually occur both in the United States and outside. As you build additional product capability and extension of the services we offer, that will also require investment in infrastructure. Now just the capacity to house, to operate and to process, but also new challenges like security. So VisaNet very, very formidable battletested defenses as you start moving into products that are going to start operating as an extension outside of VisaNet, but it requires additional investment in technologies in order to properly secure. And so that is the primary source of hard dollar capital. And then as Charlie mentioned, we still have an enormous runway of growth in our base business. So we are adding offices, we are expanding, we are putting more people on the ground. We are at our best when we have people deployed in country giving personalized, tailored service to our clients, banks, acquirers, merchants. And so that reinvestment will not just be capital expenditure, it will also be operating expense with an immediate return in the core business.
Byron H. Pollitt: Yeah, Charles I’ll take the first one. So, the first question I think Tien-Tsin was more about in our effort to be -- have more tailored and flexible client relationships, do we expect this -- is that going to cost more in terms of capital? And I would say, at the current point in time, the big capital is in creating the products and in the capabilities that allow you to operate and leverage a large network, and that today, is there expense involved in tailoring? Yes. But we don’t have line of sight to larger expense. And a good example of that would be our strategy of recognizing, as Charlie said earlier, that the single largest open to buy on the planet is the Visa cardholder's access through our network. Hence, part of our strategy is to build products that can be accessed through our network with common stacked APIs that make it very easy for users or our clients to hook into the network. So, in the spirit of how we're expending our capital, I would say over the next several years its past is much more a representative of prologue.
Byron H. Pollitt: It is a wonderful dynamic. There are always two doors in the government. The first door is always open with an open invitation. You can't tax what you can't see. Hence, there's a very strong motivation for governments to be very interested engaged partners. And then I would say the other piece is our position and others when we get deeply involved in the electronification of payment, we become an important part of the monetary system or can be in a country. And that's why in virtually every major market we have government relations representatives, we engage early, we educate, we lay good groundwork so that these dialogues are constructive and increase the probability of a good reinforcing regulatory environment as we lay the foundation for growing in the domestic markets of these emerging markets.
Byron H. Pollitt: And Bryan, on the international PV up-tick in this quarter, for reasons that are not -- that aren’t clear other than the tension that we had around China and Japan, and mostly in Asia Pacific around that impacted the Chinese, the Japanese, Korean cross-border travel as tensions over Island ownership spiked. And everything from the Senkakus to the Diaoyus to the Spratleys, there seemed to be a more broad-based malaise in that quarter. And the recovery, if I can call it that or the rebound was very broad-based. It's still down. And that – in that [pocket] of Asia where the – where that tension existed last quarter, but there’s been more of a broad-based uptick. So, it's not win specific, it's more a broad-based uptick. And remember for us, that’s the world excluding Europe.
