Joseph W. Saunders: Well, we're -- I'm not exactly sure about the specific question, but I'll -- there were 2 significant things that we did, one was the pricing and one was the paid or the debit card change. So from a fixed pricing point of view, that's been fully implemented. From a paid or a debit card point of view, that has been significantly implemented, but it's being implemented in phases and it will take a few more months to get it fully done. Remember, however, that we retained the Interbank logo on the majority of our largest customers. And so none of that volume, as long as the Interlink logo is there, will go through paid.[ph]
Joseph W. Saunders: Yes. I don't think that there is a significant amount of traction yet on some of the credit wins in the United States. So I don't believe that, that's where the growth is coming from. But certainly it is cause for optimism as it relates to our credit volumes going forward. I would also reference a lot of our wins outside of the United States, which are picking up steam as we talked about and will provide revenue. And I'm sure, as Byron has pointed out, that everybody understands, a lot of our '13 guidance was a reflection on how we would fare given the Durbin legislation. Right now, our metrics in every other regard are quite strong. And we will, as Byron said, address our expectations next quarter.
Joseph W. Saunders: There's been a, I suppose that you could characterize for the last 7 years, as a contentious relationship. But the fact of the matter is when you look at the history of the usage of electronic payments, it's been growing quite rapidly during that period of time. So I'd characterize it as a kind of a love-hate relationship, I mean something that you sometimes can't do with and what generally you can't do without. And I think that we are in a position to reach out and do much more going forward, particularly because of the technology that we're embracing that will bring a new level of value to the merchant community. And I'm very, very optimistic about it. We work with the merchant community through all of this, even as you talk about what's going on right now or as certain merchants may complain about this or that. Remember, we have incentive contracts with a significant number of them. And so we are working with them. We're dealing with them on a daily basis, and we think that those relations will improve as time goes on. Certainly, that's going to be our endeavor.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, I mean, we always expected to have some deterioration in the magnitude of that growth number. And as a matter of fact, it's doing better than we had originally anticipated. Remember, when the whole Durbin thing came, and you had a number of debit cards with rewards associated with them, it drove financial institutions to promote it much more heavily. It encouraged consumers to use it considerably more. And so part of the whole Durbin legislation was a little bit of a damper on debit card transactions in general. Not that they were going to stop, it's just that the rate of growth was going to slow down. So we're actually quite happy with where we are.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, yes, I think we are right on track with the Click-to-buy and aliasing capability that we suggest that we would rollout by the end of the year. It is up. It is live. It is running. We have -- we currently have 6 relatively large merchants on the system. We do not have a significant number of consumers at this particular point in time. But we're on schedule with several financial institutions to begin that in the very near future. And so right now, we're still anticipating a holiday season rollout of the project. And of course it'll gain a lot more traction in 2013 than it will at the beginning of 2012. But we're happy with the progress, we're happy with the performance and we're happy with where we are, both with the merchant community and with financial institutions.
Joseph W. Saunders: And as it relates to your first question, we -- I mentioned in my comments that the demographics of the world are changing, the number of places that accept electronic payments are increasing. And so there is some countercyclical things that occur and allow us to build volume even when economies are slowing down to some extent. That's always the difficulty we have in calling out what's going on in the world or what do we see or how do we measure or know exactly what's happening. And it's tough because more and more people have access to electronic payments, and more and more locations accept electronic payments. And those have to be factored into the equation.
Joseph W. Saunders: Without making an absolute prediction on the heels of what Byron just said though, I will remind you what I said in the remarks I made earlier, and that is there will be a permanent deterioration in our debit card volume as a result of the Durbin legislation. There's absolutely no question about it. So when we talk about waiting and seeing, we're kind of waiting to see where it gets to, but I don't expect to be -- I don't expect to be close to where we were when the whole thing started.
Byron H. Pollitt: So let me take the first one. We have no change whatsoever in our philosophy of returning excess cash to shareholders. To the extent that we are not placing cash in the escrow account, the alternative would be open market repurchases of our A shares, and that is exactly what we intend to focus on. So no change on that front, as further evidenced by the approval by the board to authorize a new $1 billion dollar share repurchase program. Second, with regards to margins -- let me reframe that, last year, we delivered about a 60% operating margin. That is our guidance for this year. The lower margins, that operating margins you're seeing in this quarter and we'll see again in the next quarter are all consistent with our guidance of about 60% for this year. As you may recall from our -- at the beginning of the year earnings call, beginning of fiscal year, we indicated that it would be about 60% for the year, but that we would be a little higher in the first half of the year and a little lower in the second half of the year, largely due to a ramp-up in technology investments and a weighted marketing spend for the Olympics timed with the second half. So this year, past year, about 60%, and we'll let you know what '13 looks like in another quarter.
Byron H. Pollitt: So what we said was -- or meant to communicate was that this was a comment around the implementation of the Durbin rules. And that what we expected is that once we had annualized the impact of Durbin, which will take us through the first 2 fiscal quarters of next year, once we have lapped those rules and the Durbin impacts were in our base, at that point, everything else being equal, we would expect an acceleration, particularly in our -- specifically focused on our debit business because we've got the Durbin impact now in our base. So that's what we meant by that. Everything else being equal, we would expect to see it. Again, with regards to revenue growth for next year, we'll be much more specific about that on the next quarter call.
Byron H. Pollitt: I think it's too early to make that conclusion. John, what we do is watch -- we break down the quarter month-to-month. And there can be some very wide differentials within a given quarter. Let me give you an example. In the quarter just completed for U.S. credit, we grew 8% in the month of April, 12% in the month of May, 10% in the month of June. All-in, it delivered 10% growth. And so when we look at the monthly kind of progression over the past couple of quarters, these are all -- they bounce around month-to-month, but they're all pretty healthy. And so I think the hardest part of a trend to call is the beginning. And given the kind of healthy growth rates we're experiencing, it's -- we just don't see a discernible trend. But I promise you, we will update everyone quarter-by-quarter, and would be happy to go through monthly progressions to help give a better flavor for this. So I'm not saying it's not happening, just saying we're not seeing it yet.
Byron H. Pollitt: And with regards to the, Tien-Tsin, the unlocking of the shares, we've had a lot of practice with the unlocking of the C shares. And as a result, we are very confident that when that time comes, we'll be able to manage that with barely a ripple with regards to impact on stock price.
Byron H. Pollitt: And I'll just add a little quantitative perspective. We were -- in the fourth fiscal quarter of '11, we were kind of at the upper end of mid-single digits in that category. We've remained in that range for Qs 1, 2 and 3. And if you look at Q2 on a normalized basis, pulling out the leap year, the growth rates for Q2 and Q3 are identical. So I would say this is a -- with the overlay of what Joe said in terms of kind of a modest level of impact, it has been relatively sustained during this fiscal year.
Byron H. Pollitt: Let me start with the Latin America. With regards to currency -- first of all, let me just mention to the group that we do hedge exposures. So whatever impact, with the exception of 2 countries, which I'll turn to in a moment, we can dampen the impact on FX. With regards to currency-specific countries, we are seeing a depreciation in Argentina and a continued depreciation in Venezuela. The outlook for devaluation, I would say, is nothing's a certainty, but I -- at some point, it looks like we're heading to that. And you can't -- there's no economic hedge for either one of those 2 currencies. So is that a bit of a drag on our Latin America business? Yes. Is it hedgeable? No. And so -- but that's baked into the numbers we reported. With regards to any other country call-out, I would say Brazil has tempered a bit. There has been a tax placed on credit usage for cross-border travel, which has definitely put a bit of a break on the exuberance of the Brazilians to see the world. That tax is not applied to debit, but it is applied to credit. And so I would say overall, particularly the rest of Latin America that the business is strong. It has very, very healthy growth rates, unimpeded by shifts in currency. Average credit ticket, no substantive change in that metric for the moment. But if you'd like something more specific, I'm sure if you call our IR group, Jack or Victoria would be able to give you something more specific.
Byron H. Pollitt: Let me start with the yield question. So the yield increase in the data processing category absolutely was expected. Remember a couple of things as perspective, that as part of our Durbin mitigation strategies, we are -- we implemented a fixed acquiring network fee, which is completely captured in the DP category. We also reduced variable transaction fees, which are also included in the DP category. But we then introduced a degree of incentive offset, and that appears in a completely different line. So while the growth yield for DP goes up, it's not a true picture. And instead, you really ought to be looking at net yield, which I'll come back to in a minute, as it relates to Visa Inc. revenue yield. With regards to the DP yield, there's one other factor involved, which will -- which has an impact on the calculation, which is our lowest yielding product is Interlink. So as -- and that has borne the brunt of the loss as we conform to the new rules. And so as Interlink moves out of the denominator in terms of yield calculation, it has the least impact on the numerator and automatically, the yield moves up. And so you have both of those indicators going forward. There are a number of factors impacting the DP line. Debit is one, including Interlink; CyberSource booked into the DP line. And so I think what it's going to take is the next 2 or 3 quarters or so in order for us to kind of reset what the base trend lines ought to be projected off of with regards to data processing. So I think -- wish I could be more helpful, but I think it's going to take another couple of quarters before this sorts out. When you put all of this together and you look at the Visa Inc. revenue yield, of which DP is an important component, but that captures the incentives. In the way that we capture and measure yield, our yield for the third fiscal quarter of '12 is actually flat with the yield we experienced in the third quarter of '11, fiscal year '11. So a lot of moving parts. This is where we're sorting out, and I'm afraid it's just going to take 2 or 3 quarters before we can we reset the different trend lines on the different fee categories.
Byron H. Pollitt: Yes, I'll do the first one. With regards to the litigation of the -- how the tax impact will be utilized, there's a different treatment for GAAP, and it's a different treatment for cash flow. So for GAAP, we go ahead as soon as it's probable and estimable, which we concluded it was, we go ahead and put that through the income statement. So on a GAAP basis, that's now behind us. With regards to the cash flow impact, you can't record the deduction on your return until you actually make a payment. And so the payments associated with this are potentially some time out. And so there will be no cash flow impact this year associated with that once the agreement is -- once we're further along -- much further along in the litigation process, we'll be in a position to actually make payments, at which point we can then take the tax deduction. We'll give you some perspective on that on the fourth quarter call.
Byron H. Pollitt: We're in uncharted waters. We like the notion that it's an improving trajectory. And we will -- honestly, we'll know better how competitors respond to our strategies, and I think this is still very early days in terms of trying to project how this will play out. Remember, the rules only went into effect April 1. So we've only had, what, 3 months and 3 weeks of operation under these new rules. And to date, we're pleased with how our strategies have taken hold to start, and we'll report on how well they continue to perform in the upcoming quarters.
Joshua R. Floum: Thanks, Joe. As to the process going forward, we are very confident that the court is going to approve this settlement. And the reason I say this is this case has been pending for 7 years. And during a great deal of that time, there has been a court-ordered mediation process with 2 mediators and the involvement of the court. And at the end of that time, all of the class counsel, the class representatives, the individual merchants, as well as the financial institution defendants have agreed to the deal. It's a fair and reasonable deal. And therefore, we're comfortable that at the end of the day, the court is going to approve the settlement.
Joshua R. Floum: Right, the way the deal is structured is that opt-outs, and you always expect a couple in a class action lawsuit, can sue only for monetary relief. There's something called a non-opt-out class for injunctive relief. What that means is that all of Visa and MasterCard's rules in existence as of the time of approval are released both by the opt-ins and the opt-outs.
Joshua R. Floum: And as to your first question, opt-out merchants can only sue for monetary damages. And by the way, those claims would be covered under our retrospective responsibility plan. Claims for things like rate relief or interchange reductions, that's in the nature of injunctive relief. And opt-outs cannot make those claims.
