Vasant M. Prabhu: Tien-Tsin, going through your questions, if you look at next year, I think we tried to give you as much as we can in terms of what we see in terms of trends. So clearly from a growth rate standpoint, you have a sense of what growth in Europe has been this year. We are seeing, as you saw through the year, some slowdown in the cross-border growth rate. We're seeing some slowdown in the payment volume growth rate. But overall, it will be a decent year of growth in Europe, though not as high as we are seeing in other parts of the world or in the U.S. So that's Europe growth. In terms of yields, yes, yields are assumed to improve. Some of that we anticipate will happen from some of the actions we are in the process of implementing, like what we told you. The elimination of rebates and the replacement with client incentives and some other actions we're doing. So you will see yields improve. But as we look ahead, Visa Europe will be an integral part of Visa, and you will start to see the impact of Visa Europe in the aggregate numbers we report and what happens to our yields from the new baseline you have in yields and so on. So hopefully that helps. We tried to give you as much detail as we can on what the current trend is, and it will help you figure out what Europe is contributing as you look ahead.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Just to reiterate what we're expecting, and again, I think we tried to give you as factual a point of view as we can. Our revenue growth if you adjust for the exchange rate drag, which perhaps you may not have anticipated without thinking about the hedging implications, and you might have seen the hedging implications in our second half results. Our currency impact essentially stayed flat through the year mostly because hedging helped in the first half and hurt a bit in the second half. And all it does really is delay the impact of the moves in the dollar. But if you adjust for the hedging impact, what you're seeing in high teens revenue growth – net revenue growth. And what you're seeing is mid-teens plus 1.5 to 2 points EPS growth. It's not that different than perhaps what you might have expected of us going into the year. Visa Europe is tracking as we expected. We feel very good about it. What could surprise one way or another, we laid out all the factors. Clearly, the cross-border trends are heartening. And hopefully, if the dollar stays on this track, which is either stable or further weakening, that would be good for us. I think currency forwards are now expecting more of a flattening of the dollar, which is what we've assumed. In terms of the currency volatility front, that's a little bit of anybody's guess. We did tell you sort of what we're assuming. But overall, I mean, if there is going to be anything on the plus or minus side, we have assumed that the European trends have softened through the year, and we've assumed that those trends will continue into next year. Hopefully European economies will do better than that, and if that does, that'll be great.
Vasant M. Prabhu: I think we'll talk more about all that as we get into the latter part of 2017 when we talk about 2018. But trajectory-wise, I wouldn't assume significant changes. Visa Europe is now part of the numbers, and that explains, as we told you earlier, about half the delta. And there's also this impact we get when we pull back the rebates. It has the effect of raising gross revenues and incentives at the same time. So Visa Europe lands up at a place where their incentives as a percent of gross revenues are certainly driving the new level. Beyond that, yes, we have Costco coming in for a full year. That certainly adds to it. And we had some significant renewals, in particular, Asian geographies. So this – you should assume that this is a level that is about where we should see it stay, but we'll update you as we get through this year.
Vasant M. Prabhu: I think you're reading too much into it. I think as a general rule, we've gone through all our releases and we try to lead with what is the GAAP number and follow with what's the adjusted number. So you've seen us do that almost everywhere, and you should not read too much into it really. And also, the currency impact certainly is moderating, but I wouldn't say that's the reason why it follows rather than leads. It has more to do with wanting to lead with GAAP numbers wherever we can.
Vasant M. Prabhu: In the fourth quarter, I would say on the margin, revenue was a little better, but expenses were better and the tax rate was a little bit better. So in aggregate, it was a little better than we expected. As far as next year goes – and now Visa Europe is an integral part of our business. We tend not to – we do not separate out our regions. So you would – so we would report everything on an aggregated basis and not separate out Visa Europe. It becomes more and more integrated in, and – it's best to sort of look at it on an aggregate basis. But we've given you enough so that you will get a good sense of what Visa Europe contributed, and as you model next year, I think it will give you a good sense of what Visa Europe will contribute to next year.
Vasant M. Prabhu: It's an active process. It's well underway. We're happy with the progress. There's a well-choreographed process, which talks to a large number of issuers. So I don't know if there's much more than that we would say at this point.
Vasant M. Prabhu: There's really not much to say about Mexico. I mean that is an ongoing discussion we're having. And over time, if there are new developments...
Vasant M. Prabhu: What percent of our European volumes are from the UK? Yeah. If I remember right, I think it was – from a revenue standpoint, we've told you that revenues from the UK were a little above 10%. So that gives you a rough idea. In terms of our cross-border business, what we saw in the fourth quarter, as we mentioned, was a nice recovery in the U.S. acquired business. We also saw quite a bit of growth in the acquired business in the UK from the weakness of the pound. We saw improvement in the acquired business in places like Mexico mostly benefiting from the U.S. Those are some of the big growth spots. The good news, though, was from an issuing standpoint, we saw growth in a lot of places. We saw growth coming out of Brazil, out of Russia, out of many of the commodity and oil-based economies, Middle East and parts of Asia also improving and China beginning to stabilize. So our expectation going forward is not for a significant change from these trends. You should assume we're hoping that these trends stay roughly about the same.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Let me talk a little bit about that. I believe the – I think we reported this. I think we had most people report their co-badge volumes in the fourth quarter. So the fourth quarter number ended up being relatively untainted by lack of reporting, and I think the payment volumes, if I remember right, were somewhere in the 6% range. So as you can see, they are lower than what we see in other parts of the world, in terms of growth rates. As you look at next year, the issue on co-badge volumes is that there are a certain number of issuers that have co-badge cards with us who are no longer required to report their co-badge volumes and transactions we do not process. The biggest impact is in France, and there's some impact in some Scandinavian countries. If they don't all report, which is what we expect, we expect that they will all not report, then payment volumes will decline next year, we said as much as 15% to 20%. So remember, I mean, if it's plus 6% and minus 20%, that's a delta of almost 25% or 26%. Plus, as you know in the first three quarters, Visa Europe payment volumes will show up as all incremental to our payment volume and will have this impact on it. So you will see a fair amount of distortion in payment volume reporting as a result of this. Now, the lack of payment volume reporting and its revenue impacts we've factored into our outlook. So that is all factored into what we told you our revenue picture is next year. But the payment volumes will look odd. Although we report by region, so at least you'll be able to see what it is by region and be able to look at how everybody else is doing, and Europe will just look odd.
Vasant M. Prabhu: I think mid-single digits has been our historic. And by the way, that's the expense growth for let's call it core Visa ex-Europe, the expense base you've been used to looking at. And if you look at the history, we have typically run mid-single digits. We are continuing to invest in all the programs we want to invest in. What we did this year was to prioritize around all the other things. As you look at next year, the run rate returns to what has been more of a long-term trend. The level of investment remains as steady as it has been, and we'll continue to drive productivity. Some of the charge we took is a reflection of that. So that was in terms of the expense growth rate. So it really is a return back to what has been a very long-term trend, into level of investment we need to keep the business focused on all the right things. The other part of the question I may have forgotten, on the other one.
Vasant M. Prabhu: On incentives, we didn't have the impact of Visa Europe in the fourth quarter to the extent that you have it next year because in the fourth quarter, the rebates were still in place. We eliminated the rebates only as of the end of September. And then also quarter-by-quarter impacts, Visa Europe brand are relatively higher level of incentives in the first half of the year, somewhat lower in the second half if you look to the filings we had done. So the full impact of Europe was really not as visible in the fourth quarter because the rebates to client incentive shift was not in place in the fourth quarter. Costco, we had some of their incentives in this year, but clearly it's a full year of Costco, so you see the full impact. Plus, there's a whole bunch of renewals that I talked about that really start flowing into next year, mostly the ones we did in Asia. So it's all these all together.
Vasant M. Prabhu: No. As always, you give a range because there are some things you know. The things you know are the deals that have already been done and what their impact might be based on the assumptions you're making on the revenue side, and as the revenues play out as you expect, then you get the incentives coming in as you expect. The variability comes from things that are potential renewals during the year or things you have to do along the way because something happens that you didn't expect. So those would be the things that take you to one end of the range or the other.
Vasant M. Prabhu: And as we've said before, there's a lot of focus on incentives and trying to predict them from one quarter to another. And in the end, what really counts is net revenue. Net revenue is what we essentially keep and take to the bank, and it's net revenue growth that counts. And there's always going to be some noise in the trade-off between gross revenues and incentives, and there could be shifts from one quarter to another depending on when renewals happen. The number to focus on is net revenues, and we would keep saying that.
Charles W. Scharf: I'll do the first, and I'll let Vasant do the second. I think you should expect that the answer from us to be that in both years, we try and be as accurate as we can. And obviously, there's a tremendous amount of assumptions that go into this. And I've said this time and time again, which is you all put all this weight on what we're telling you 2017 will be. And what we try and make clear is there's a series of things that we know and there's a series of things we don't know. And the series of things we don't know – but where we're making assumptions, we try and lay those out for you. And quite frankly, you've got to make your own determination whether you think those are aggressive or conservative. But I'll tell you, it's certainly not in any of our bones and hasn't been in any part of Visa's bones since it went public to be on the aggressive side.
Charles W. Scharf: Let me just start with China for a second. I've said this, I think, over and over and over again. And so this will be the last chance I'll get to say it, which is China is a very important opportunity for us. It's something that we spend a lot of time on and we take very seriously. But it's a long-term opportunity. And long-term is not measured in months or even single-digits numbers of years. So the work and our thought process that we have going on with China does not demand that we're allowed market entry at any specific date. We've said we're committed for the long-term. We don't expect it to be a meaningfully different contributor to the revenue growth or the profits of the company in the shorter period of time because there's a lot that's out of our control. And so as we sit here today, as we think about our forecasting over the next bunch of years, we don't rely on China when we think about the opportunities for us to continue to grow the company. At some point, we do believe that they will pan out but, again, that's a longer-term opportunity rather than a shorter-term opportunity.
Charles W. Scharf: Yeah. So that one's client-by-client, and we have some good discussions going on where it's up to us to talk about the benefits that clients get when we process transactions. And when there's something to talk about relative to movement in the marketplace, I'm sure Vasant, you'll do it.
Charles W. Scharf: Listen, first of all, I think – and I really do believe this, which is it's – and I said this when we did the call last week, which is, I mean you all know as well as I do that companies like this are not dependent on any one person, right? There are 13,000 other people here that are going to continue doing what they've done the day after I go, and with a leader like Al [Kelly], I would assume, will do it as well, if not better. And so as we think about what we've done over the past four years, or even what this company has done since it's gone public, it's based upon what an entire management team has done. I think that what I feel very good about when I think about the things that we've done, I think you brought up the work on – that we have really – I would describe as, we've really begun to do with merchants is an important part of the way we think about what we do. We are not trying to do work for merchants in lieu of any other client or any other partner, but just recognizing that everyone participates in the payments value chain should get access to the capabilities that we have. And so someone asked me last week if I were them, how would they evaluate how we're doing at making progress with merchants, and my answer was, I would look to see that we're continuing quarter after quarter, year after year, to introduce solutions in the marketplace, which help merchants grow their business, and then try and derive some kind of understanding of what the adoption looks like for those products. And don't be confused by the couple of merchants that are always going to be unhappy, that are always going to be doing things in the marketplace. The merchant world is very fragmented across the world. We've got some very, very strong relationships, and we've got a bunch of relationships where those merchants are sitting there very eager to work with us on the solutions that we're developing. And then I think just not because I don't want to take up the whole call with the question, I do think just when I think about the way we thought about innovation here and the way we thought about our work in digital commerce, I think the whole organization has just made tremendous progress. We don't talk about – let me say it differently. We don't use the word innovation around here anymore because it becomes part of the way people think about doing their business. We're rooted in supporting our client base and supporting the four-party model, but we are very focused on being as successful and having our clients be successful in the digital world. And whether it's the work of the Dev Center, the APIs that we've made available, all of the things that we've done that position us well in the world of digital commerce, including Visa Checkout, those are all part of those things. So everything we do is about continuing to be strong in the physical world but recognizing that we needed to think very differently in the digital world. There's a tremendous amount more to do, so I don't want to – and I don't think about this as if we've done it and it's time for me to move on. I think we've done an awful lot. But I'm confident that those activities and the way people think is the way the organization thinks.
Charles W. Scharf: Sure. Listen, I think what's important is that there is this – and I'll describe it as really a government sponsored, whether it's official or not, push towards faster payments. And so when I think about ACH and we think about what's going on, I think that is the predominant driver because certainly the ACH system here and others around the world haven't been able to provide the same kind of level of service as you get from other products or other networks. And so when we think about what it means for us, we know the capabilities that we have. When we think about what we've done and the way we've positioned ourselves with Visa Direct and getting access on a push payments basis to 3 billion cards across the world, we feel really good about the position that we have with those capabilities. It doesn't mean that that's all we're thinking about and all that we're doing, and you've seen us do some work, as you mentioned, in the blockchain space, thinking more about, where are payments inefficient. And for what we do in our traditional consumer-to-business world, that's not a problem that needs to get solved today in terms of what blockchain can do. But certainly in the commercial space, it's a very, very inefficient market, and there are opportunities to use different technologies to bring some efficiency there. So the things that we're doing, they are around doing things to improve something that exists and for the core business of what we do today between consumers and merchants – and it will be through consumers-to-consumers in terms of using our push payment capabilities, it's leveraging the core assets that we have that work really well that have access to these 3 billion cards across the world.
Charles W. Scharf: And also to keep in mind – our incentive deals aren't generally structured as a percentage of gross revenues. Every deal is structured differently. Sometimes they're tiers, sometimes things are based on volumes. They're based on lots of different things. So we make a bunch of assumptions as to what we think will play out by client in a year, and it doesn't always play out that way by client. So a range really is the right way to think about it. And I just think the continued 100 basis point range is because we know a bunch of it has been signed, and it's just a question of how those bonds play out. But we do, as Vasant said, will sign some new deals throughout the year that will impact those numbers, and we make assumptions on what that looks like.
Charles W. Scharf: The one thing I would add is I think, I mean, I personally have enormous confidence in the work that the technology teams on both sides of the Atlantic are doing. We know how to do these integrations. And remember, what these integrations are is, I mean, this is really in many cases what we're doing is we're taking the systems that we have at VI. We're looking at what capabilities need to be built into our systems to accommodate Europe's clients, and building them out, just as we always do on an ongoing basis, into the VI systems and do it in a way where everything works as anticipated. So we – I mean, our team is extraordinarily professional. And I personally just – I think – I just have every level of confidence that they'll do that well. And to the timing question, I think this is one where – someone asked the question about – before about on guidance aggressive or conservative. I think this is one – we've been very clear about this, which is we could do this quicker. It's not a question of us doing the work to build out those additional capabilities. That will be done relatively quickly. The real question is what's the appropriate pace to complete these conversions along with our clients. And what we've said is that we don't intend to rush that. This is the type of thing that we have to do in a way that fits in with things that work for clients, and I think that's just a smart way. I think you would want us to think about it that way. We'll get plenty of benefits in the next couple of years from Europe and there will be plenty more beyond that that we should do this the right way.
Charles W. Scharf: Listen, I don't have a lot more to say from what we've said on EMV. I meant to just give you the update on the numbers in terms of almost 65% of the credit cards and 45% of the debit cards, 1.6 million merchants, which is about 40%, are accepting them. I think it's a lot of work, for sure. It's progressing along a timeframe which is faster than we've seen in any other part of the world when they have moved from mag stripe to chip. We've said this I think last quarter or the quarter before. Today it's the largest chip card market in the world, even though we still have a long way to go. And you see the meaningful impacts on the reduction in fraud when chip-on-chip exists. So there's no question that as difficult as it is that it's the right thing to do. And it will just take a period of time as these tails continue to complete the conversions. And while we continue to complete the EMV rollouts in the U.S., I can assure you that we are working really diligently, as are – well, let's say we're doing this in partnership with everyone including acquirers, issuers, merchants, everyone in the ecosystem just to think through what's next, which is certainly looking at the online world but also continuing to look at encryption and new ways of authentication in the physical world.
