Byron H. Pollitt: For tax, it's a little early to make that call since we've got this year to play out. But we will, rest assured, we will address tax guidance for the coming year in the next couple of quarters, which is our practice. With regards to marketing, no change. Think of this as timing. Our guidance hasn't changed. We have the Summer Olympics coming up, and we are rephasing our marketing spend to coincide better with the Olympics and the promotions that come in advance. So you should expect to see some movement on the marketing line in fiscal quarters 2 and 3 commensurate with that.
Byron H. Pollitt: So let me take that. This is more a reflection of how some of the risks that Joe and I called out on the last quarter's earnings call, how some of those risks are playing out. Recognizing that we have a one quarter lag on our service fees, that means we've already got a line of sight into 7 months of that revenue. Cross border volumes have held up very well. With regards to both the U.S. and the global economy, both have demonstrated sustained momentum. The exciting drama unfolding in Europe has yet to really play out on the volumes. And so the guidance adjustments are more a function of having a portion of our year with a clear line of sight. And some of the risks we were most concerned about we're getting well into the fiscal year, and they haven't materialized to the degree that -- we had to at least contemplate when we gave the initial guidance.
Byron H. Pollitt: Tien-Tsin, I would say that it's clearly weighted to the second half of the year after April 1. If you think in the context of -- a portion of these incentives are assigned to merchant routing, and they trigger when the routing is successfully sent Visa's way. That's going to weight a portion of the incentives that really hasn't -- that isn't as relevant in the first 2 quarters of the year relative to the second. And then the rate of deal activity, which has nothing to do with Durbin, but has to do with the ongoing course of our business, primarily credit, both in the United States and outside the United States, that level of deal activity was just less than we anticipated in the first quarter. And so that will just carry forward into quarters 2, 3 and 4. So we are -- we reaffirmed our guidance as 17% to 18%. We still feel good about that. No real call-outs, just timing.
Byron H. Pollitt: So let me answer the international one first. So we reported nominal growth at 12%, and there was a 19% increase in revenue. Whenever there is significant above-average currency volatility, then our revenue stream trends up. And then -- and so that's the primary delta that you are seeing. It doesn't have anything to do with our pricing. It's much more a function of currency volatility, and that has largely been courtesy of Europe and the unfolding drama around the euro. With regards to -- let me see if I understand the question. On balance in U.S. debit, when you combine the fixed acquiring network fee with the lower variable transaction fees associated with U.S. debit, this constitutes a net price reduction. And that has been completely folded into our guidance.
Byron H. Pollitt: So the debit processing fees grew at 8%, but we reported at the gross level data processing fee growth of 13%. Of that delta, I would say 60% of it is due to the addition of CyberSource and PlaySpan transactions into the data processing line. And the other 40% is due to value-added services that show up in the other fee category of data processing. And so those are -- that explains 100% of the premium that we are earning above the growth -- underlying growth in data processing transactions. And I would expect that, that premium -- certainly, the CyberSource and PlaySpan piece will continue. We'll have to see how that plays out in the second half of the year as we see much more impact from, or potential impact from implementation of the Federals.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well getting back to the particular issuer that we talked about, it was -- I think it's fair to say that it was just a decision about how they were going to comply with the law and knowing to a certain extent that accepting PIN numbers on signature cards as we've always done was an opportunity. I think it was just their way of rationalizing how they wanted to go forward. It weren't a price issue. And then what was the second part of the question? I'm sorry.
Joseph W. Saunders: Yes, on removing Interlink, I think most of them have made their decision. There is no other major issuer that has Interlink on the back of the card that's contemplating taking it off. And we have had several wins on putting the Interlink mark on the back of non-Visa debit cards, and that will manifest itself certainly no later than April 1. But I can't really talk about it. We're in the final stages of several contracts, and they don't like us to disclose who they are.
Joseph W. Saunders: The second part of the question first. And then Byron can answer the first part of the question. When I said the dust hasn't settled, I also suggested that I'm very happy with how we've implemented our strategies and I am very happy about that, and things appear to be playing out quite well in that regard. But how we get to the end of the year and we see exactly what the actual results are, there is some ambiguity, although changing our guidance and expressing a degree of confidence would suggest that we're pretty happy with where we are and what's going on.
Joseph W. Saunders: I think it's modestly better than what we had contemplated. I think that the implementation of our strategy has put us at the better part of that, which is what I've said about the regulation pretty consistently. So I don't -- I just -- I don't know how to put it in total perspective because as I said earlier, we got to see what happens. In some cases, there's been accelerated early adoption. And in some cases, there's been less early adoption. And I think it appears like it's going to even out, and it appears like things will occur in a manner that we've anticipated. When I say that, I'm not really factoring in the potential positive effect of some of the things that we've done to drive volume to us over time. And we will have to see how that works out with the -- through the acquirers and the merchant community.
Joseph W. Saunders: I think that what we've done, we've announced 2 quarters ago, and we've consistently talked about, I think any time you change the paradigm that there's probably some consternation somewhere along the way. But in general, we've met with -- it's been pretty benign, and we've met with favorable receptivity. I would say out of our largest merchants, there are a significant number of them that have signed contracts with us that anticipate the fixed fee. And they're fine with it. I mean I suppose that doesn't mean that they won't complain about it later, but that's kind of the history of our business. As it relates to that, we're putting -- officially we'll put out the specifications for that in about the -- in the next week. As it relates to activate -- fully activating the PIN capability on the Visa debit card, that would begin on April 1. And all of those things are going along as we anticipated, as we had planned. We're very happy with the way that it turned out. And as you might expect, I mean there's been a lot of water that's gone under the bridge. They're both complicated paradigms. As Byron says, we feel that we're in a much better position in the long run with a modest fixed fee and a lower variable fee. We believe that, that suits merchants in a much more compatible way than in the past because they can take advantage of economies of scale. It is not price increases. As we speak today, as it relates to the PIN capability on the signature cards, that seems to be the way things are moving. It's a capability that we have, and we're very comfortable with that as well.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well when I look back over the last 2 or 3 years, I mean I'm very comfortable with how we fared and what we've done. Based on the number of things that I talked about in my remarks, I'm very bullish on where we're going to wind up in 2012 as a result of some new transactions that are on the cusp of occurring. That doesn't mean that I don't consider MasterCard to be a formidable competitor because they are. It doesn't mean that every time we get involved in a transaction, that we'll win and they'll lose. But I'd have to say as it regards to credit, we're in a pretty good position. Remember, we've talked the last 2 quarters about the United-Continental merger and our win in that regard. I think as I mentioned in my remarks, we have the best array of co-branded partners, period. And that is what's driving a lot of the growth. So we feel like we're in a very good position. We don't feel that, that's a position through which we can rest on our laurels. We do believe that V.me and the wallet and the single click is going to make a difference in the credit card world, as well as the debit card world. So I think we're trying to move forward in a very measured way and we're pretty excited about our prospects. And the same goes for our international business.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well remember the credit card volume has been growing quite robustly for several quarters now. And so you certainly couldn't attribute what's happening in that product totally to Durbin and people switching. And it's too early to tell, looking at the volumes exactly, what kind of switch there may be. Anecdotally, of course you know that rewards have been removed from debit cards and rewards exist on credit cards. So there are probably -- I mean just logically, you have to assume that there's some movement in that regard. Some of that is constrained by the credit worthiness of individuals and their credit lines. And so it's pretty complicated environment and it's a little bit difficult to say. Obviously issuers seem to be pushing their credit businesses a little bit more strongly or a lot more strongly than they do their debit businesses at this point in time, which is what one would expect. So I think that the jury is still out about how much something moves from one to the other. But I think it's pretty clear that you're going to see strong credit card growth at least from Visa in the foreseeable future.
Joseph W. Saunders: I don't think that there's an absolute connection between Fundamo and Western Union and the Western Union-type of business. Remember, I think Fundamo is an incredible part of our future. I think that using mobile technology as an access point to Visa prepaid cards in emerging economies, where there's a lot of under, under-banked people is just one of the most incredible things that I've seen coming along in quite some time. As it relates to money transfer and Western Union, we are much more heavily involved with Western Union today, and will be in 2012 than we really ever have been before. And we are doing a number of things with them and some of the -- as it relates to money transfer in some of the emerging economies. And I'm going to kind of leave it -- leave Western Union at that. But we also, as you know, do business with MoneyGram. And I mean we're pretty invested in money transfer business for the unbanked. We are aware of the issues that surround the transfer of money and the protections that it requires and so forth and so on. And we're doing things through people that have those infrastructures. And we're happy where we are right now. Let me say we're happy to be doing what we're doing, and we will continue to endeavor to.
