Al Kelly: So Vasant, I also understand that we had a technical issue that some people might not have heard the end of mine and the beginning of yours. 
Al Kelly: I'm looking for a little -- I was hoping Mike would give us a little direction whether we should summarize those points. Maybe... 
Al Kelly: Okay. So maybe what I would suggest is that let me just quickly summarize what I said at the end and maybe you could talk a little bit about U.S. debit before we open it up to questions. 
Al Kelly: So what I said is that certainly the future is going to have uncertainty associated with it, but we continue to believe in our strategy and our growth prospects. Certainly, there were things that declined in the quarter: net revenue, EPS, overall payments volume, cross-border volume and processed transactions. But we did see growth in a number of important areas: growth in debit, growth in e-commerce volumes, growth in Visa Direct transactions, growth in tap to pay, advances in click-to-pay enablement and growth in value-added services revenue.  We also demonstrated our ability to reduce our expenses while continuing to invest in the future and we returned capital to shareholders at historic levels and retained our dividend. So net-net, we believe that our business model is resilient and we have a lot of confidence in the efficacy of our global network of network strategy.  I think it would be helpful, if you'd Vasant could just comment on U.S. debit because I think a lot of people might not have heard it from what I understand. 
Al Kelly: Well, interestingly enough as you probably could see in some of our charts as card-not-present has – I'm sorry as card-not-present has started to work its way back it lagged obviously card-not-present it was impacted much more greatly by the pandemic. Card-not-present volumes have held up, so we're not seeing any declines there. And I think that what all issuers and anybody who's rooting for economies around the world to come back would love to see a situation where both card-not-present and card-present both bounce back and that bricks-and-mortar commerce on main streets and communities around the world continue to grow. I think the case for contactless Matt has been made. We have seen consumers and governments and merchants voting through their actions and contactless has had – or tap to pay had tremendous momentum kind of going into COVID. And if anything COVID had accelerated the momentum of tap to pay even in the United States, which we know has been further behind, but as I cited we've added 80,000 – or I'm sorry, our issuers have added 80 million credentials that are tap to pay-enabled in the first six months of the year. Something like 80% of the merchant volume is – that is occurring in the face-to-face world is occurring at terminals that are enabled for tap to pay. So I think it's going to just continue to grow everywhere around the world. And I believe that the COVID situation will help accelerate the growth here in the United States at a perhaps faster pace than it might have happened otherwise. As for Plaid – 
Al Kelly: Matt, let me address your Plaid question. It's still pending regulatory approval. And we certainly are expecting to close by the end of the calendar year and are doing everything we can to comply with any request from the regulators that are looking at it. We are as excited about the Plaid acquisition today, as we were back in January, when we made the announcement. And we really believe we got the asset we wanted. And all of the various benefits that we have articulated in prior calls we believe are still there. Everything from the depth of their integration with fintechs, the fact that they are most attracted to a lot of fintechs that they're positioned in terms of how far along they are we believe they have the best team. And we see it as the best way to integrate into Visa. So we're – we remain very excited about Plaid and hopeful to close by the end of the year.
Al Kelly: And Darrin on your second question, I'm very bullish on what's going to happen with value-added services in a post-COVID world. First of all two-thirds of our value-added service is a platform-type services, CyberSource issuer processing risk and fraud. The need for those is going to continue. And if anything the volumes and transactions that will run through those will go up. Where we've seen some declines are in travel-related card benefits which is going to get better as travel comes back. We've also waived some fees because of the pandemic. And once we're past the pandemic, we won't waive those fees as readily, so that volume will go up. Travel-related benefits will go up, as I said, as travel comes back. So I see value-added services being very well positioned coming out of COVID and feel very good about the contribution they'll make and how they'll continue to diversify our revenue profile over time. 
Al Kelly: Well what I said in my remarks was that P2P is up almost 80% in third quarter and in Latin America -- that was in the United States I'm sorry up 80% in the third quarter. And in Latin America there we saw progress with two different apps -- P2P apps in Peru where we saw a nearly 400% increase in transactions in Q3 over the prior quarter Q2. We've got this tremendous track record of working with P2P providers. And as we said in the past, we were heavily skewed toward the United States and Russia. But we're -- and where we have relationships with most of the big P2P providers; Square Cash, Venmo, Zelle etcetera, I think that now we're seeing our P2P capability through our Visa Direct platform becomes something that people are looking to us for as P2P applications are developing in other countries around the world. 
Al Kelly: Let me address your other two questions you asked about Durbin. Visa is fully compliant with all the requirements of the Durbin Amendment. And we don't have any rules or requirements or other restrictions that inhibit a merchant's ability to select their routing decisions make the routing decision of their choice. And merchants are free and often do route to various unaffiliated networks enabled on a debit card. So that would -- I think we're in good shape as it relates to Durbin. EPI, we have a history of dealing with either regions or groups of countries or countries developing their own scheme or intra-market network. It's something that we're very, very used to dealing with. We do know though that developing a network is not an inexpensive thing to do and it's not a onetime investment. You have to continue to push and invest and innovate and be creative to stay ahead as it relates to all the elements of security, fraud prevention, risk, authentication etcetera. And so we will continue to monitor and engage constructively with regulators and banks in Europe on EPI. But on the other hand, we're going to continue to invest heavily behind our various networks to make them as good as they could possibly be. And we will be continuing to focus on making sure that our clients know the benefits that they can obtain by doing business with us and running on our networks. 
Al Kelly: And Tien-Tsin, it's Al. I would only add that I think the -- if I look back, same observation you do about the 2008, 2009 time frame. But e-commerce is just much, much bigger and it just appears that people who are doing card-not-present e-com non-travel are using their debit cards much more than their credit cards.
Al Kelly: Look, I think like many people governments are finding themselves in uncharted territory here. And they're all well intentioned trying to figure out the right things to do. Our biggest piece of advice to governments as it relates to core payments is to do no harm at the moment. I mean, right now I think the less amount of moving parts, as we're fighting through this pandemic is the best answer for everybody. This is not a time for any kind of changes. Governments are also increasingly talking to us in terms of looking for information that we have in terms of trends, because they're trying to understand what's happening in their economies. And in many ways, we could get them real-time picture of what's going on faster than they can get it themselves. And the last thing, I would say is that, there's a lot of interest in the form of governments to become more role models in terms of what they want to see in their countries from a digital adoption point of view. And so as they are – have genned up stimulus programs, unemployment programs, thank-you programs, and all kinds of other things, they're looking to Visa to help advise them on how they could distribute funds digitally as opposed to cutting checks. So, I think my view at the moment is that governments have – are being very, very thoughtful and reasonable in terms of what they're saying, and they're also being good listeners. And so, we're going to continue to do our job to provide them with whatever information they need and to provide them with whatever advice and counsel we can provide to be helpful to them both in their role as governments, and setters of laws as well as in their role as potential clients for various Visa services. Before we close out, one of the things I gather that did not – when we had a little blackout with – in terms of the transmission was I did before I closed make a comment about the race situation in the country and around the world. And I'd like to just cite that again. For four centuries, Black and African-American women and men have experienced incredible forms of social injustice and discrimination. And it's offensive, it's frustrating and it's unacceptable and it has to stop. At Visa we've committed to do our part. We recently announced the next steps in our journey to drive inclusion and diversity across our company. We announced a number of actions, including the establishment of a Visa scholars and jobs program. But very importantly, last week we announced that we're committing to increase the number of underrepresented U.S. vice presidents and above by 50% in the next three years and increase the number of underrepresented U.S. colleagues within Visa overall by 50% in the next five years. We want to do our part to eradicate the social injustice in the world. It's way past time that that has to be the case. With that, thank you to everybody. Mike, did you want to – 
Vasant Prabhu: Okay, Al. Yes. So I talked about why debit was outperforming credit. As you may have heard debit has bounced back about 30 points and is now growing at about 25% in the first three weeks of July whereas credit recovered by less than that and is still declining 9% through the first three weeks of July, whereas credit recovered by less than that and is still declining 9% through the first three weeks of July. I went through six reasons for that. I'll do those quickly. Economic impact payments going directly into checking accounts helps debit. In times of economic uncertainty, consumers do shift spending away from money they have borrowed, to money they have in the bank. Third reason, the shift to online has caused a lot of everyday spend categories to move to e-commerce, which has favored debit, because normally debit is used for everyday purchases. Affluent customers reason number four, tend to use credit for discretionary purposes like travel, entertainment and restaurants, which have been especially hard-hit in times like these. The economic impact payments this is reason number five, were distributed using Visa prepaid cards in 20 states, including the unemployment benefits which lifted our debit growth in May and June. And then finally, Visa Direct, which helps our debit numbers was up over 75% this quarter as a whole bunch of use cases performed really well. So I think, we'll probably stop there Al and take questions. I think we might have lost Mike, so we can take questions.
Vasant Prabhu: Al, I might add a couple of things. One crisis fosters innovation as you know. And if anything this has made more and more merchants focus on omni-channel commerce which CyberSource is very much in the middle of. And increasingly merchants are getting better and better at serving customers, seamlessly across bricks-and-mortar as well as e-commerce. It has also made a lot of categories that never used e-commerce become a lot better at e-commerce. And that's – you've seen that in a lot of everyday spend categories. You've seen that with restaurants. And more broadly across retail people have come up with more innovative ways like curbside delivery has been perfected in many ways. And that we think is going to be here with us, which is really a way where you order online but you may pick up physically. So you have one more delivery option, you can get it delivered after a day or two delay or you can get it right away by going and picking it up. So there's a lot going on. And I think the most important point that Al made was that even as we've seen card-present improve from minus 50 to minus high single-digits, card-not-present has stayed very robust continuing to grow at those mid-20s levels for quite a while now. So lots of changes underway.
Vasant Prabhu: Sure. So if you look at the various lines on the revenue line, service fees as you indicated and as we told you in the comments are known already. They're going to report service fees based on our volumes in the third quarter. And the volumes in the third quarter was hopefully the low point. And as we said had we not done a lag, our service fees would have been down 11% and total net revenue would have been down as you said in that 4, 4.5 range. So that is going to happen. That's a known fact. And even if volumes improve on the domestic front and transactions improve, the service fee number isn't going to change next quarter. So that's locked in. So when volumes do improve which we expect will be the case on domestic volumes and transactions, transactions revenues will definitely go up. Value-added services revenues will definitely go up. But the other thing that goes up is the contra-revenue line incentives. Incentives will go up to reflect the higher volumes because we don't book incentives with a lag. Incentives will go up but the benefit of that revenue from the higher incentives we won't get on the services line – service fee line, we will get it on – we will definitely get it on the processing line. So there's something of an offset there. I just want you to be aware of that. But the biggest variable is going to be cross-border. If there's a change in trend in cross-border and it improves then that would be the single biggest reason to expect Q4 trends to be better than Q3, recognizing that you've got pressure going in the other direction from the service fee lag. So there's some complexity created by these things because of the turbulent times we're in. We've tried to help you with it. And hopefully, we can help you some more if you like answer more questions later on.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. I think the other things to add there, three of our largest value-added services we think are going to sustain their growth which has already accelerated. Our issuer processing business, which is directed towards debit. Debit has become the engine for cash conversion right now. Debit growth rates as you saw are 25% in the first three weeks of July. So as long as debit growth rates are at an accelerated level, the issuer processing business will clearly have high growth rates. CyberSource always benefits from the shift to e-commerce. And now with their focus on omnicommerce, CyberSource clearly is benefiting from the shift. And then finally our risk and fraud services, certainly benefit as things move more to e-commerce which is where fraud is an area that we can really help a lot on. So they're reasons to believe that higher growth rates can sustain post-COVID. 
Vasant Prabhu: Since we had some issues earlier we'll run longer. So we'll probably go for at least 10 minutes past the hour. 
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. In times like these I think it's not easy to make long-term projections clearly. In terms of cross-border and its recovery yes it's possible I suppose that it remains sluggish. It all depends on borders reopening. Wherever borders have been opened or the restrictions have not been significant, we've seen some pretty quick recoveries. So to the extent that there are borders reopening, it may not be globally but there could be corridors opening up as we're already hearing Australia, New Zealand you've seen that it's mostly open across the EU. It's starting to open in other geographies within regions. So it's not black and white, I think in terms of the cross-border recovery. You could see some changes in travel patterns because of how countries open up. But if cross-border remains depressed certainly the mix won't help us. And that will cause the percentage of incentives to gross revenue to stay higher than what you might call -- what it would might have been normalized mix of earnings -- of revenues. The other factor that's influencing it is probably most acute in the fourth quarter which is the service fee lag. Normally our service fees from one quarter to another don't have such significant swings because our business tends to be quite stable, so that service fee lag effect will moderate. So I think the best way to describe it is, it will probably normalize from the levels you see in the fourth quarter. It will certainly normalize because of service fee stabilizing. It will probably normalize some because the cross-border business will recover in corridors, but we'll wait and see how fast cross-border normalizes. 
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. There are some modest yield differences depending on parts of the world and so on. I don't think you should view that as a huge factor. In terms of the reasons that might stick as we go ahead, I think we went through five reasons. One, the economic impact payments and unemployment benefits being distributed on Visa prepaid cards, clearly, that's linked to the crisis and probably is not something that will continue. Affluent customers putting off some discretionary items like travel entertainment and restaurants, which has hit credit in particular, that probably normalizes over time, so that you can attribute to COVID. The propensity for people to spend money -- spend the money they have versus money from -- borrowed money that is something you do see in times of uncertainty. And then, some of the economic incentive impact payments going into checking accounts, clearly, has helped debit. But there's a few others that are clearly sticking. The fact that Visa Direct is still going very strong, that has been helping debit for a long time and we'll continue to do that. The fact that debit has become the mechanism for cash conversion to digital in everyday spend categories and in just about -- in most categories, which have seen a big increase in e-commerce has benefited debit, I think some of that sticks. So I think the best way to describe it is that, the acceleration of cash conversion has disproportionately helped debit and that is most likely going to stick.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. So I think it's very important to continue to point people to the decline of cross-border volumes, excluding intra-Europe volumes. The decline was roughly -- was 47% in cross-border constant dollar volumes excluding intra-Europe. So the revenue decline is, roughly as you can see, in line with that. The reason being that -- and if you look at total cross-border volume that includes intra-Europe. Intra-Europe looks more like a domestic transaction. In fact in our international revenue line, the contribution from intra-Europe transactions is very small. The international revenue line is driven almost entirely by volume excluding intra-Europe. Now there's a few other things there that can have an impact. Exchange rate shifts can. Changes in currency volatility can. So that explains -- and then, some small changes in mix in terms of which corridors are doing better than others, because of some yield differences across corridors. But that explains the 44% decline in revenues versus the 47% decline in volumes ex intra-Europe. But as you can see watching that volume line ex intra-Europe is the best indicator and that's what you should focus on.
Vasant Prabhu: Right. There's two factors driving it. One is that, cross-border transactions have held up a little better than cross-border volume. So the mix has helped a bit, because cross-border transactions for processing have a higher yield. And the second is we have value-added services and some acquisitions in that line. And as you heard, value-added services are growing in the mid-teens in that line. So those two things have helped data processing yields go up.
Vasant Prabhu: The variables that can make a difference there, first of all the 44% to 47% is a relatively small delta. There'll always be some differences between the two. They won't match each other precisely. But you're right, currency volatility is one factor. Another factor would be mix. Certain corridors can have better yields than others. So if the recovery of cross-border favors higher-yielding corridors, you can have something of a difference. But other than that, it should track pretty closely to volumes, ex intra-Europe volumes.
