Charlie Scharf: The only thing that I’m going to add, back to the first part of the question on cross-border, as Byron and I both pointed out, the corridors that we’re seeing the weakness are very-very specific places, so for instance when you look at U.S. cardholders traveling abroad, that volume, those growth rates are actually flat quarter-to-quarter, which is obviously a good sign for the core U.S. and the health of the U.S. consumer, again in very-very specific places and not at all across every single geography which would give us more cause for concern.
Charlie Scharf: And the only thing I would just, on that point, and then going to your last point Tien-tsin is, remember, we don’t know exactly, what our position will be in the marketplace. So the issues that exist really today relate to domestic processing within Russia. We still think by the way that there is meaningful reasons why the Russian government should want ourselves and the other established networks to participate there. And so we’re not assuming that it’s in the best interest of them for us not want to be there. And away from the domestic business there’s obviously a very big part of our opportunity there is cross-border, which as you know is extremely hard to build a cross-border brand and processing assets in a short period of time. So again we really are still trying to understand ourselves exactly how this could play itself out. But still are hopeful that we still have a meaningful opportunity to continue to participate in the growing electronic payments business in Russia. And then we are broadly, kind of your last part of question on national payment systems, certainly the activities within Russia get people thinking about what it means for them. I’m not sure how many parts of the world are actually contemplating the types of activities that Russia has taken upon themselves to bring about the sanctions which certainly should factor into people’s minds. But as you know there are national payment schemes in different parts of the world that we compete with. And you know we firmly believe that what we have to offer goes well beyond what a national payment scheme can offer in terms of the capabilities of our network, our global acceptance, our ability to be accepted across all channels, fraud screening, I mean we can go on and on with the list. And so we are used to competing, and as long as there is the opportunity to compete, then we feel okay about the prospects. But certainly it’s an issue.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. Listen I can’t speak for every issuer or certainly I cannot speak for Chase as well what I can tell you from our point of view is we are fairly agnostic as to whether it’s our wallet or someone else’s wallet as long as our cards are appropriately represented on a fair level playing field. And in the case of Chase whether it’s our cards or whether it runs over VisaNet or their version of VisaNet again we view those as our transactions. So to the extent that other issuers choose to want to go build their own wallets we’ll be supportive of that but that doesn’t stop us from continuing to build our wallet capabilities which I don’t like to use the word wallet I like to use the word digital acceptance as a way to think about what we’re trying to build. So that every bank out there and to serve its customers properly in digital commerce with digital acceptance. So hope that answers your question.
Charlie Scharf: Shortlist and I think all of these things that you pointed out in addition to the operating regs go towards the point of I think most people would tell you whether you’re an issue or merchant or in an acquirer people would say that historically that we were probably pretty difficult to deal with and we operate in a very competitive world today people have choices both established choices and have the opportunity to think of other ways to process payments and we want people to enjoy doing business with us and to think that we treat them openly, fairly and clearly and our operating regs which I’ve got the version and they’re sitting on my desk it’s actually 1,538 pages pre our changes. Okay. And so imagine trying to be -- you are an issuer or an acquirer and you’ve got to live by those and so simplification redundancy helping people understand what it means to do business with us as well as going out and what we’ve been doing is asking again issuers, acquires, merchants what don’t you like in that, what doesn’t makes sense and a big part of the feedback that we received was on charge backs and the processes that we have put in place, the reporting requirements documentation and things like that. So we’re very committed to continuing to support the integrity of our brand, the integrity of the payment system security and things that go towards the quality of our network but we have to be the kind of place that people say I understand the rules, I understand what it means to do business with you and you don’t have a bunch of things buried on page 1,427 that they didn’t understand. That in combination with these other things again I think just as if I was on the other side trying to figure out who I would want to do business with is the way I’s wanted to be treated and that’s way we’re approaching it.
Charlie Scharf: Sure I guess I can start with this, which is we, our -- the differences between what the established payment networks have and what ACH’s the differences are huge. It’s not just the frequency of settlement it’s the underlying ease of use of the ability to integrate within your systems it’s the data that we have collected and then enable both issuers, acquirers and merchants to use it in the way which is good for risk purposes scorings that we’ve developed and we have a whole series of capabilities that again that we’ve all developed over 10, 20, 30, 40 years that really is not easily replicable. Our view is that certainly the issuers understand the benefits of working with that in this ecosystem they control the customer relationships and so we’re very confident in that position that we have and the ability to differentiate our services versus what ACH can do. And I think if you look at some of the big players that use ACH and actually track through ACH and see well how does that actually impact the customer experience? It’s a terrible experience for the customer as opposed to a network like ours. And in the environment that we live in today and the way banks are viewing the importance of their customer relationships it’s just another differentiator that we had. So we love the position that we have relative to ACH.
Charlie Scharf: And let me take V.me. So I think I’ve talked to on the prior year’s call we have learned an awful lot since our initial rollout of V.me and we have altered our approach to really take away all the functionality other than what I described before as meaningful digital acceptance. And so we’re getting really excellent feedback from merchants and issuers alike. We’ve actually rolled out the first phase of the new platform a few months ago and we have begun launching it with those merchants. It’s incredibly -- it's just hugely more simple for them to actually integrate it into their checkout experience literally days as opposed to months and the new integrations that we have include Lululemon, Autozone, Petco and the Wine Enthusiast. But probably more exciting those are terrific names but we’ve also executed term sheets or master service agreements with an additional 38 large merchants which represent almost 60 billion in addressable volume. 23 of those merchants are actually in the Internet Retailer Top 100. So we’re going to -- we're continuing a press forward, we have a much better solution in the market, and it’s resonating.
Charlie Scharf: So on the question, and I just want to reiterate to be clear that the law is still evolving. As it gets red, it does evolve and get -- and there are changes that occur from day-to-day, and then once the law is actually passed there do have to be regulations to coincide with those laws before they get implemented. So there are some things in the law which there would be relatively quick implementation. There are other things which I think some of the dates go out until 2016. To answer your specific question, today, we do not have the ability, in a very quick way to deploy a separate version of VisaNet in a specific country. Having said that, we do have instances where we can start to move parts of it, whether authorization is much easier for us to do than entire clearing and settlement, and there it’s certainly something that we’re capable of building even though it might take a little bit of time. But also remember, I mean this is critical, because you’ve got very much, we’re caught between the politics of the United States and the politics of Russia. But you just get down to reality for a second. We have 100 million cards in Russia today. We have 100 million cards there and if not in anyone’s best interest inclusive of the Russians to make those cards not available to their own citizens. And so that’s why we are hopeful that as this situation unfolds, that people understand things like that and that to the extent that they believe it’s important to build a national payment system. It can be done in a way where there is the appropriate transition and we have the ability to figure out whether it makes sense to compete in that marketplace, because there would be unlikely that, unless there’s some draconian things that are passed that it wouldn’t evolve in a way like that.
Charlie Scharf: Okay, so two different things, number one is absolutely we’ve done an awful lot of work and you can assume that we’re preparing for everything that we should prepare to, the second is, I would just caution you to make the statements that others can comply.
Byron Pollitt: I’ll tell you what Tien-tsin, could you re-ask your first question, I didn’t actually understand it.
Byron Pollitt: Yes we would -- it’s heavily driven by cross-border. We would also add that U.S. debit down shifted more than we had anticipated when we constructed the original range. And so those are the -- I would say those are the two primary.
Byron Pollitt: On the Russia, let me answer the first part of the question, which is the revenue part and then I’ll turn it back over to Charlie for the second part. When we said that there were several pennies of impact, you may attribute 100% of that to revenue, and we didn’t put any expense offset against that, so it would be the revenue equivalent in this fiscal year, and heavily weighted, 90% weighted to fiscal Q’s 3 and 4.
Byron Pollitt: There are differences and there are different practices with regards to yields across the globe. We typically don’t get into that level of detail to be a little helpful in this arena to the extent that there is a strong growth by U.S. cardholders that it’s a strong consistent yield from an area of the world that is particularly well positioned to grow cross-border because of the strength of the U.S. dollar. You’ll note that when we referenced the cross-border weakness before we called out a specific corridor it was Canada to the U.S. the U.S. to Canada corridor is doing just fine and as Charlie said the outbound travel by U.S. cardholders has remained quite strong and so I will leave the color at that.
Byron Pollitt: Okay, I’ll take the CyberSource, so there has been some deceleration in the growth of CyberSource we contribute that specifically to two large customers or clients that we lost in fiscal year ’13 and we’re starting to see the impacts of that in ’14 that said we are very bullish on CyberSource we recognize the issue, we are investing significant sums to upgrade and add to the features of our CyberSource platform both for large enterprise businesses as well as for small businesses, we are actively adding people to this business. So our enthusiasm remains robust I will caution that it will take several quarters before we can get this turned around but remain very bullish and very confident on the outlook of CyberSource’s future with Visa.
Byron Pollitt: On the first part of your question, no, not, but Investor Relations could give you an update on that afterwards, let me just quickly look, commercial payment volume growth, we can give you a perspective from the U.S., and since the beginning of the calendar year it has been low double-digit growth, very high single to low double-digit growth consistently January, February, March, with an uptick in April.
Byron Pollitt: We didn’t, what I said on the call beginning with the April results is that it’s very clear, I’ve been in a form of retail for 18 years before coming to Visa, the Easter impact is absolutely a phenomenon that exists, typically you look at the run rate going in, the run rate going out, you compare it to the prior year. we’re several weeks away from being able to do that metric but the lift, part of the lift is certainly due to Easter, it’s also sensible that part of the lift could well be a return to be more normal weather, it’s very hard to isolate specific weather impacts but we have done a lot of work around those states in the U.S. for example that had much more severe weather than normal versus those that didn’t, the growth rates, there’s a clear delta in the growth rates, some of it but not all of it mitigated by e-commerce, so as we get back to more normal periods post Easter, post weather, I think we’ll see a more normalized growth rate and one that may very well have some pent up demand fueling it. With regards to expenses, the, at some point predictably as we continue to invest aggressively in extending our network, the reach of our network like a CyberSource, those, that investment will come with margins that are not that attractive or we wouldn’t invest but they’re not going to be in the 60s, we’ve not reached that inflection point yet, and so that’s why you saw us on the margin move up from low 60s to low to mid 60s, and with regards to personnel if you think about it, when we went public in 2008, we had 4,000 plus employees, today we have 10,000. And so in the span of a little over five years we have more than doubled our employee base and we go in searches, we digest, we optimize, we go forward, we will continue to invest in talent which is a key driver of our success and we would expect growth of the personnel base that you see today despite the more than doubling of our personnel over the past five years.
Byron Pollitt: At this point we would, we do expect to have an impact, it should not be, it’s a valued and important addition to our business, I think to the extent that we wouldn’t give color on that specifically but we do expect it to start showing up in the first fiscal quarter and I’ll remind the group, some of the conversions are taking place today and will pick up pace or expected to pick up pace as the year unfolds, but to the extent that that revenue shows up in service fees, we book our service fees on a one quarter lag, so any conversions that take place say in the fourth fiscal quarter, the service fees won’t show up until the first fiscal quarter of fiscal ’15.
