Vasant Prabhu: Well, we went through what we call our planning assumptions last -- on the last call for the full year, and we told you we had assumed no recession. As you can see, business trends have been remarkably stable. The spend levels just around the world, they've indexed in the mid-140s for almost four quarters right now, and there's no evidence of a change in trend. That's reflected in our second quarter outlook. At this point, we're not changing any expectations for the second half. I mean, clearly, the dollar has weakened a bit so that will change the exchange rate impact in the second half, but we're not changing any of our views in the second half. I mean, they are planning assumptions. And if there is a slowdown, then we will react accordingly.
Vasant Prabhu: And other revenue was helped by mostly marketing services and consulting revenue, a fair amount of that linked to the FIFA World Cup. There was a lot of client-related marketing and spending related to the World Cup. Clients ask us to activate a variety of programs and that certainly helped the revenue.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. I mean, in terms of thinking about the impact, you all and we all have been tracking how is our cross-border recovering relative to pre-COVID levels and are we back on the trend line and so on, as you know? And we've told you now for a few quarters that many corridors, and I went through a lot of that, are well above the 2019 level. The three that were not and are still not, U.S. is approaching -- U.S. inbound is approaching 2019 levels and was held back by the strong dollar, but Asia is still -- and I went through the numbers, quite a bit below 2019 levels. Most of Asia is open, only China isn't. So if Asia is going to get back to pre-COVID levels and back to the original trend line, that's where the China impact is going to be visible. And then you expect and we expect that cross-border travel index to keep improving through the year. For that to happen, we obviously need China to come back. So it is important.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. I mean, just a couple of things. The Russia impact is a little larger in the second quarter because we had almost two quarters' worth of service fees last year. Remember, we recognize service fees with a lag, so the service fees recognized in the first quarter were based on Q4 growth rates. So sequentially, Q1 was a little lower, so Q2 service fees will be impacted by that. Also, currency volatility is moderating as we speak. It has been moderating for a few weeks. And incentive growth is a little higher as you saw. So you put it all together, we were a little better than we expected. As you know, we thought we would be high single digits in the first quarter. We were higher for the reasons I mentioned, will be high single digits in the second quarter. That's our expectation right now.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. When we talked to you last quarter, we said for the full year revenue growth would be somewhere in the mid-teens on a constant dollar basis adjusted for Russia. And then when you adjust for Russia and you adjust for a full year impact at that time of about 2 points on FX, it was going to be high single digits in nominal dollars. And so you know sort of where we are in Q1 and Q2. And exchange rates have moved around some so you can do some of the math. We're basically not changing any views on the second half right now because trends have been still fairly stable. The only thing you might want to change is what the exchange rate impact in the second half might be based on where these are right now. I also gave you fairly clear operating expense expectations. We were about 15% growth in the first quarter. We said growth will be 2 points to 3 points lower in nominal dollar terms in the second quarter, another 2 points to 3 points lower in the third quarter and another 2 points to 3 points lower in the fourth quarter. And that reflects what we had said last quarter that is expense growth will moderate through the year, both as we moderate the rate of increase when also as we lap higher levels of expenses from last year. So those pretty much are the sort of the broad outlines of what we said last quarter. And then we'll update you once again on our next call with any changes we might have based on trends.
Al Kelly: Well, a couple of things. First, our numbers are fairly close to those of our competitor. We are -- as Vasant said, we really think that, first, we're going to see the travel outbound from China to Southeast Asia. I think it's going to be still a bit of time before we're going to see a Chinese traveler back in Europe at the level of pre pandemic or back in the United States at the level of pre-pandemic. And I think it's going to -- people are going to wait and see what's happening with COVID within China. So Vasant talked about the fact that we're not counting on any kind of recovery that inbound into China into the second half of the year. But my personal expectation is that we'll see probably a spread of three to five quarters before, starting in the second half before China gets back to a level of pre pandemic or 2019. So it is -- for us, it's -- we have built our plan around pretty much what Vasant said in his remarks and what I just said. And if China comes back faster than we're saying, then obviously, that will help us. If it comes back slower, it will have the opposite impact.
Al Kelly: Well, I think, Lisa, you're absolutely right. We're focused in Visa Direct at this point on extending into new geographies, new use cases and more cross-border. I would say those are our focuses. Initially out of the chute, Visa Direct in a country goes through Phase 1, which tends to be P2P before you then get into things like gig economy payouts and transactions like remittances or insurance payments, those kinds of things. So in the United States, and every country is going to go through this kind of evolution where they'll start with P2P, get into things like gig economy payouts and then get into more sophistic and remittances and then more sophisticated use cases. And the United States is much further along that continuum. In other countries, we are -- some good progress kind of in that first phase or 2 but haven't gotten into more sophisticated use cases. And then in other geographies, frankly, we're still not there. So I think there's a tremendous amount of gas left in the tank in Visa Direct. When I look at the opportunities to take use cases to more sophisticated levels in more markets, to open up more markets and to put a real focus on cross-border Visa Direct transactions, which we'll have better yields to them as well. So I think your bottom line theory of your question is -- has some real legitimacy to it, although I would say that it will be probably a bit longer elevation -- a bit longer period of time before you meet the maturity simply because of the different amount of use cases, whereas tap-to-pay is really kind of a single type of initiative.
Al Kelly: I think, Dave, when you look at it ex China and ex Russia, it grew over 10%. And then, yes, the UK migrations, in particular, are happening at a faster pace than we thought. And as Vasant said in his remarks, they're almost fully migrated, so certainly, that is having a dragging impact on the growth as well.
Al Kelly: Nothing has changed in our strategy. We're focused, first and foremost, on organic growth and then growing through M&A, and then from there, dividend and share buybacks in that order. Clearly, there's been a little bit of a burst of the balloon in terms of some of the valuations, in particular, in the fintech world. That's a helpful characteristic of the environment right now. But I think we will continue to look for capabilities and management teams that would bring more value to Visa than we could bring to ourselves organically. And we're in constant evaluation of options. We have a very good corporate development team. It's something that Ryan and Vasant, in particular, spent a good deal of time on. And when we see something that we think will make us better as a company and has a fair value attached to it, we're not afraid to go after it.
Al Kelly: Well, I'd say a couple of things, Dan. Number one, on the travel front, it's been a focus for us for a long time. And I think we have about 650 co-brands around the world. Many of them are travel co-brands, and I think we're the leading co-brand player on the planet. I think that when I look around the world, there's certainly opportunities with traditional issuers. We've made a lot of inroads in markets like Brazil and Chile, the Netherlands, Germany, Japan over the past year. We've had some great renewals in the United States over the last couple of years from JPMorgan Chase to Wells to the ones I talked about today in terms of Bank of America, Cap One, Commerce Bank.  But we've also made great inroads with fintechs and neobanks. We have had a great track record of wins in the last 24 to 36 months. And a lot of these people are getting to scale in their particular markets. And I think for us, we have to have a wider lens in terms of who can provide services. We're trying to get -- make sure we get Visa cards in as many wallets as we can around the world. And then I'm going to come back to acceptance. One of the great ways to continue to grow our business is to grow our acceptance footprint, which still requires a lot of growth around the world. One of the places we've concentrated on that in the last 1.5 years is Latin America. And if you look at the ratio of spending in Latin America that went from -- moved from cash to PV in the last couple of years. Back in full year 2020, only 46% of Latin America's volume was PV, with 54% being cash. This past quarter, we just finished [59%] of their PV -- [69%] of their volume was purchase volume, so there was a 13-point swing in the Latin America region in the last not even quite three years. And that's a combination of winning with traditional FIs, winning with fintechs, having a localized market-by-market approach with a lot of good -- really good progress in countries that's out in Latin America like Brazil and Chile.
Al Kelly: Well, it's a competitive world out there, Tien-tsin, as you well know. I think that there's a price that you need to get to and then a lot of it has to do with the combination of incumbency or not, the capabilities you have, what your line-up of customers' clients are in that market, what kind of experience you've had, what kind of innovative ideas you bring to the table, the other kinds of capabilities that we have in terms of services and new flows. So every deal is different and potentially hinging on on different things depending upon the needs of a particular client. And we tried to be very bespoke when we look at deals and talk to clients because their needs and their situation will always tend to be a bit different.
