Al Kelly: Well, thanks, James. Well, first of all, I mean, that's the last part of the question. This was a single lawsuit brought by a single regulator about one specific M&A transaction. So I don't believe that this portends anything about the future and our ability to continue to try to acquire companies. As we said a couple weeks ago, we ended up making the decision that this was just going to go on for too long. And we all know that the payments marketplace is moving with great speed on so many fronts. And the idea that we would tie ourselves up on this transaction, and frankly, the plan would tie themselves up through a long-term litigation that could go all the way through and appeal in and of itself which is not appealing to us, in terms of all the other things that we thought, we could be investing in and spending management time on and spending our dollars on. We're continuing to forge down a path of making sure that we are a real player in this space of open banking, and believe that we have a lot of the assets already. What Plaid was going to do was going to get us into specifically into the data extraction type of business, which would have added to our network of networks, but it doesn't in and of itself prevent us from doing more going forward. We also still have the ability in that space to partner with Plaid, we have the ability to partner with other players around the world. In many cases, that might give us the ability to partner with players that understand the nuances of specific markets in which they do work.  We'll continue to look to make sure that we to the degree that any use cases are going to form via the most -- the use case that probably would have the most chance of stepping out and being something that takes has some legs behind it would be account to account. And I think we're very well positioned there, we're positioned well to make sure that we can provide payments capabilities for the various FinTechs that we are doing business with today. And we have the ability to continue to sell value added services to all those players. So I think that ultimately, as we have in the past, we will invest to grow internally, we will look to partner and we will look to buy. And it will be a combination of capabilities and approaches that will allow us to continue to be a player in this space.
Al Kelly: Well, I think when you look at our cost base, the big parts of our cost base are people marketing and technology. And we think we have the Tokyo Olympics coming up in the summer months. I mean, there's some people that might be in some peril at the moment is going forward. We have marketing to really relatively modest levels in this past quarter. But I would certainly expect us to be driving marketing up. Basically, when we go to market, in our business it's a combination of putting people resources, our technology resources and our marketing muscle behind whatever we're doing. And so those are the areas that I would expect to see us grow going forward. And then of course, I mean, we really have dramatically curtailed TD and professional services. And I think that to the degree that later in the year, we begin to get some people back to offices, and we begin to see some people get back on airplanes, we'll see some modest increases in those expenses, those expense areas. So we've been really careful about both our people level spending in our technology level spending and our marketing level spending. And I think as conditions warrant, we'll be dialing those up. Vasant gave you some insight into where we think expenses are going to be in the second half. And we think there's some really good opportunities. And I want to make sure that if, in fact as we believe that will be in some form or normalcy by the end of this fiscal year, we want to make sure that we have good momentum going into fiscal '22.
Al Kelly: Tien-Tsin, thank you. I guess a little bit of color for everybody, about two-thirds of our value added services are in data processing and they basically are transaction based revenue streams. And, that CyberSource that our risk and identity products that DPS and all of those will tend to continue to produce very good volumes and they'll move with transactions as transactions move. About a third of our value added services is split between our services revenue, which tends to be card benefits that are offered as a package. And then in other revenue, we have volumes that are -- I'm sorry, we have services not tied to volumes, things like consulting or practice and travel related card benefits that obviously have been down. So I think as travel would be to come back at some point that obviously would help that volume. So with that color we saw our, obviously in a world where e-commerce and omni commerce are becoming a big deal, cyber volume was very, very good and good revenue. We continue to have more and more customers engage with us on risk and identity services. And as I said earlier, now we're excited about the fact that we're going to take our debit processing system beyond the United States, and we've now got it, starting to use it in Europe. I think that that gives us a good platform for growth going forward as well.
Al Kelly: Don, in Latin America, it was really U.S. to Mexico and U.S. to the Caribbean, that drove Dubai and North America. Beyond that, Dubai opened a bit, now Dubai is having a little bit of resurgence and just went back into some restrictions in earlier this week. But Dubai has been open, and there's been a decent amount of travel into the Middle East. There's been a fair little bit of an opening amongst the countries in the former Soviet Union, and then there's been some improvement or some movement in intra-travel within South America. So those are kind of the spots where we've seen the improvements in cross border. Most of the rest of the corridors around the world continue to be as Vasant mentioned in his remarks, either closed or subject to like, really tough restrictions that make it very difficult for company to take on traveling.
Al Kelly: Well, I think, Don, as it relates to consumer travel, which is the vast majority of our payment volume in the travel sector over the years, I do think we're going to see some opening for sure. I think there's a lot of pent up demand. I mean, there's a lot of people who haven't seen family, parents who haven't seen grandchildren, children who haven't seen parents, and are going to want to jump on planes. I also think a lot of people are stir crazy and want to get out. And then you've got people who are true global citizens who’re knocking things off their to-do list and in terms of places they want to go and things in places they want to see. So I think consumer travel at the right time, but we need to see these restrictions be mitigated or lessened in pretty big way. I think it's going to come back quite strongly. I think it's going to take more time to see business travel come back. And frankly, it might take years for business travel to return to what it is. I mean, we've all gotten accustomed to talking on video conferences, et cetera. And I think we all probably realize that there are trips that we took are authorized in the past that when we look back on it today, in the light of talking on video, we say why did we send somebody to that meeting for 1.5 hour presentation that they could have just as well done on video. So that's the way I think about it going forward, Don.
Al Kelly: Lisa, thank you for the question. Visa Direct has the ability to grow on a number of vectors. The two that, I think are the most obvious is, in terms of, well, three, I'd say; continued penetration of current use cases, new use cases that had developed, and then thirdly, geographic expansion. And this is a business that we're still building out. There's still lot to do in all three of those categories. And to an earlier question, I think Don asked, we're going to continue to invest in that area and look at these markets where we haven't even really laid any track for Visa Direct is use cases where we haven't laid any track. And our plan is to continue to do that. If we look at the very first Visa Direct use case, which continues to grow substantially P2P payments, there's still lots to do, both in domestic P2P payments, but we think a key future growth area is in cross-border P2P and remittance and we're beginning to take steps there to enable that. And I mentioned in my remarks the fact that we've got relationships with four of the five top global money transfer operators. And that's helping us quite a bit. I think earn ways to access, really continues to be a real opportunity, I touched a little bit on a few of those cases, but there's still lots of geographies and lots of organizations that we have the ability to penetrate, to grow that. And then you've got all these, B2C use cases, things like food and grocery delivery and online gaming and insurance claim payouts. So, all of those are, I would say in the early innings of a baseball game in terms of our ability to continue to make progress and drive those. So I continue to believe that this platform off which we can generate dozens and dozens of use cases, both will for quite some time be really important to us from a growth perspective.
Al Kelly: Well, Chris, this is a pretty interesting space, and I think we're in the early days in most markets. There's a number of different models. I think I said before, I think Vasant said before, we're not in the business of picking winners and losers. We see our job as enablement, no matter what the model is. But, in some cases, the player is the actual lender, in some cases, they're sourcing a lender, in some cases, the installments are very short term, weeks at a time, in some cases they're long-term. Some providers only do installment, some allow multiple payment options, pay now, pay on delivery, pay off on various numbers of installments. And then obviously where it gets exciting for us, multiple ways to pay off installments, virtual cards, debit cards, ACH. And, it's also a payment model today that's heavily funded by the merchant. Our strategy, Chris, is to be brought to play with multiple third party providers and offer our Visa platform to enable issuers to offer pay now, buy now, pay now, pay later capability. And we seek to work with all these options. And obviously, what we want to do is get virtual cards from Visa in place as one option for repayment. We also want to put Visa cards on file as another option. And I would remind you that these installments do break at its core, these installments break a transaction or a purchase into three or four or five payment transactions, which is good for us, because it gives us more transactions on which to earn fees.
Al Kelly: So there is a few countries you mentioned, Sweden, another one is Australia. There's not many, there's two countries where this has really taken off. And I think it certainly has had some impact on banks in those markets. But in many cases, because of the kind of pay off capabilities, I talked about card on file, virtual cards and et cetera, a lot of that buys coming back to us in the form of repayments.
Al Kelly: Darrin on your second question, first of all, there's many reasons why debit has been a star here, not that you've got the stimulus payments that are on prepaid cards, we count prepaid in our debit business. As e-commerce is moved into more everyday categories, people are using debit, people are more comfortable in tough situations, tough times to use money they have versus borrow money that they don't have. But I think when I looked ahead structurally, to answer your question, look I think e-commerce adaption is probably accelerated three to five years in the last year. And I don't think that's going backward. I think that people who have gotten used to shopping on the phone or their tablet or their computer are going to continue to do that. I think the other thing that I look at structurally that's really exciting is there's great opportunity to continue to grow both sides of this two sided market of buyers and sellers. Wallet proliferation is continuing and we're working really hard to get credentials in wallets, which adds to these wallets in essence are becoming issuers and that helps on generate more buyers. And the cost of acceptance is going down around the world, as more and more players are getting into it. And that's going to grow the number of sellers on our network and that network grows, I think that's going to be a really positive thing for us. Obviously, e-commerce comes with the issue of no cash. But I think that people are getting increasingly concerned about cash and the combination of tap to pay in the physical world where the card doesn't need to leave your hands to go to anybody else in order to transact. And the fact that e-commerce doesn't free cash is not an option. Those are all of those things I think structurally are very positive for us. The thing on the flip side, I also I mentioned that while business travel is a small piece of our overall travel, that will be one of the things that will be a little bit slower to come back and maybe never back at the level it was pre-COVID-19.
Al Kelly: Well, I'll make a couple of comments and Vasant can certainly add. On answer on your last point, I'm not going to make any comments on the Brexit situation, we've not announced anything, and therefore I don't think it's prudent to comment. I think that we made some decisions to delay pricing out of this past year, because of the realities of COVID. But we plan to move ahead with previously delayed pricing increases in April of this year. We also have a small number of minor pricing changes. The impact won't be very big. And I think going forward, I think we continue to deliver the value that we want to deliver, I think that there's opportunity across all three of our growth strategies, core payments, new flows and value added services to look at pricing. Vasant, you add or add anything.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, just taking the incentives question, we try to give you a best sense of a range. And at this point, the visibility is greatest in the first half, since we're halfway through it and we think we'll be right in the middle of the range. There are many variables here that go into it and a time like this, when things are moving around quite a bit, certainly cross border doing better helps. Renewals will have an impact sometimes they happen when we expect sometimes they don't. There's also the year-over-year improvement that our clients have. As you know, last year, many clients because of the pandemic didn't hit certain thresholds, this year things are recovering faster. There could be, they will be thing they'll all make that threshold and more; that has a year-over-year impact, and it varies by client. So there's a bunch of these things moving around at the same time. And the good news is, you know, we think we're right in the middle of the range, and we'll give you more as we go through the year.
Vasant Prabhu: Well, I mean, there's no question cross-border coming back has a meaningful impact on our revenue line. You saw that already in the first quarter, our cross-border was better than we expected. And as a result, our revenues were also quite a bit better than we expected. We're saying that we will step up our investment in the second half and expect our expenses to grow double digits. But, if the cross-border business comes back in a meaningful way, I mean, that's clearly going to be much better growth on the top-line than that double digit increase in expenses that we're planning. Also, you should remember that we start lapping the declines in our expenses from last year. Our expenses last year declined by 5% or so in the second half. So when we grow them double digits this fiscal year, in the second half, over a two year period we’re only growing them about 5%. So net, net, I mean, cross-border coming back is going to have a very positive impact on our business, especially if it comes back faster than we might be expecting. In any case, the comparisons get better, so you will begin to see growth in the cross-border business just because of what happened last year.
Vasant Prabhu: Well, it's always a variety of reasons, depending on what the components of the business you're looking at. I mean, clearly the mix of the business between debit and credit has an impact. You all know that debit has clearly outperformed as the primary driver of cash conversion globally. And then in those parts of the world like the U.S., where debit has been a mechanism for distribution of stimulus payments, it's also benefited from that. So mix of business makes a big difference. We're not seeing any reason why debit will not continue to outperform and credit is recovering and that's a positive trend. If you look at places around the world, I mean, in Europe, the bulk of the slowdown from Q1 to Q2 was the fact that we had that benefit in the first quarter. We've had some small impact from restrictions. But unless restrictions are becoming more significant, this trend seems to be improving almost everywhere. You saw that in Latin America and EMEA, we saw meaningful acceleration. And we're not seeing much impact on those trends from additional cases. So overall, the U.S., as I said in my comments, it's almost as if the pandemic didn't happen. Like we grew around 8% first quarter last year. We grew 8% again first quarter this year where if you believe our growth rate is 8% or 9%, we're almost back on the growth rate. Internationally, we're getting there and we think that trend is meaningfully improving, as you saw. Where we are lagging, certainly where the trend is still soft as Asia, where restrictions remain still significant. And in Europe, there’s some increasing restrictions now and we’ll see how they play out.
