Jack Carsky: Thanks, Jenny. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Visa, Inc.’s fiscal third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining us today are Al Kelly, Visa’s Chief Executive Officer; and Vasant Prabhu, Visa’s Chief Financial Officer. This call is currently being webcast over the Internet and is accessible on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.investor.visa.com. A replay of the webcast will be archived on our site for 90 days. A PowerPoint deck containing the financial and statistical highlights of today’s call have been posted to our IR website. Let me also remind you this presentation may include forward-looking statements. These statements aren’t guarantees of future performance, and our actual results could materially differ as a result of a variety of factors. Additional information concerning those factors is available on our most recent reports on Forms 10-K and Q, which you can find on the SEC’s website and in the Investor Relations section of Visa’s website. For historical non-GAAP pro forma related financial information disclosed in this call, related GAAP measures and other information required by Reg G of the SEC are available in the financial and statistical summary accompanying today’s press release. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Al.
Jack Carsky: Thanks Vasant. And before we start the Q&A, let me just add to Vasant’s very nice comments there. It’s been a real honor and privilege working for this organization and the people in it for the last 10 years. But it’s always good to go out on top. I’d known a lot of you for as ten years and some of you for as many as 20. And it’s been a great ride and I really enjoy the interactions with each and every one of you. And so with that, Jenny we are ready for questions.
Jack Carsky: Again, I’d just remind everybody that this -- there are at least three factors that go into this that make this somewhat difficult to predict. And I think we’ve shown how difficult it is to predict, because we haven’t hit the number in the last couple quarters, but it’s the -- when is the deal going to actually come to pass? What are going to be the terms of the deal as you actually get in to the last bits of negotiation? And then, what actually volumes are you going to get against those negotiated terms. So, the reality is, in this particular case it just that the period of time to get through over a 100 client contract is just taking longer than we thought. I don't think we want to get into predicting business or forecasting business or what it would look like quarter by quarter, but I think this is just simply a matter of a process that we have to get through and as Vasant said we’re hoping to get through at about 80% of it by the end of the fiscal year.
Jack Carsky: Well, first of all we’re very pleased to extent our deals that we have with PayPal in North America and Asia into Europe. And particularly the fact that we’re operating full consumer choice, and obviously part of the deal is the ability to use Visa Direct to push PayPal account balance to bank accounts. And it's a fairly extensive deal because there’s also an enablement of Visa Checkout relative to the Braintree Gateway. And in Europe in particular given the fact that PayPal has a banking license we’re obviously licensing them as a full-fledged issuer where they'll issue PayPal’s debit cards in Europe. So it's an extensive agreement that absolutely covers Visa Direct, but it also covers the very important aspect of the prior deals centered around full consumer choice as well as then working closely with us in enabling Visa Checkout as well.
Jack Carsky: And thank you all for joining us today. If anybody has any follow up, feel free to call myself, June or Victoria.
Al Kelly: Yes, if you – I think as I said in my comments if you start to take out the conversions and adjust for gas prices and volatile things like that, the underlying trend of credit growth in the U.S. for the last three quarters has been very steady and stable in the high single-digit, and debt growth have also been very steady and stable. If you look at our payments volumes through the first three quarters of this year, again strong and stable. We have been converting cash to digital at a pretty hefty clip for the past five years and I would said there is no – there’s really no change in that trend. Global economies recovering have clearly helped of this year, so if you remember on Investor Day we talked about PCE penetration and PCE growth, the PCE growth component certainly has been helpful. And then the last thing of course is the recovery on the cross-border side. And Al I don’t know if you want to add.
Al Kelly: Now I think the other aspect -- all what Vasant said is obviously correct. I think that while we’ve seen a real adoption of digital we’re still in the early innings. And I think that, as we pointed out in Investor Day when we get into E&M commerce we neutralize our largest competitor which is cash, and I think that's going to continue to be a real engine of growth for us as we look ahead.
Al Kelly: I think we’ve been very pleased with Europe on a number of fronts, and especially given the fact that there's been a fair amount of disruption for the people who work in that business between the integration as well as the regulatory requirement to split scheme and processing in the marketplace. Our employees have remained incredibly resilient. And I think in general the European economy has been frankly better than we thought. As you know where our largest presence by quite a large measure is in the UK and the UK is held up well and as Vasant said in his remarks, benefited -- benefited from the lower value of the pound driving lots of inbound traffic into the UK, that certainly has helped. And when we look around the rest of Europe, our largest presences are in France and Spain which have also held up well. And then we’re seeing countries like the Nordics continue to do well. In terms of the yield side of it we’re still working our way through redoing of these contracts, as both of us alluded to in our remarks, its just a bit more of a slog to get there than we might have thought or hoped in the in the first place. But we are making good progress. I think we’ll continue to make good progress as we proceed through into the fourth quarter and to the degree that we've got good incentives built in place and we’re getting good volume growth, all boats rise, which is a good thing for everybody.
Al Kelly: No. I don't think you should conclude that there was an improvement in yield necessarily. I mean, clearly from quarter to quarter there are some changes in mix and so on. Some of it could be as you see the exchange rate had been moderating a bit certainly that helps our reported cross-border dollar numbers. But there was nothing -- there was no real change that would drive a big change in yields in the cross-border business.
Al Kelly: Yes. We’ll talk about that when we talk about 2018. We’re not – I mean, if your question was what’s the likely range of incentives or the percent of gross revenues and all that next year. I think we can get into all that when we talk about 2018, so its little too early to talk about all that right now. I think all we were signaling was that there is going to be some shift in Europe of incentives from what we thought we would get done this year into next year. And I want to emphasize that is driven more by client preferences and timetables and their desire to do things on a certain timetable than ours, and we’re adapting to their requirements.
Al Kelly: Well, there’s a little bit of let's call it better than expected execution, a little bit of it in Europe, but you should think of it as almost all timing and almost all Europe. So that's one contributor. The three factors that went into sort of the change in the outlook is the performance we’ve had to-date, some moderation in the exchange rate headwind, some reduction in the original expectation on incentive. And on the EPS side it reflects the benefits we’re getting from the tax rate we now have which we talked about last quarter, as well as the revenue being stronger than we had thought at the beginning of the year. So, there's no – there’s nothing unusual other than the actual results and the trends we’re seeing.
Al Kelly: One the first question Darrin, when you look at the overall numbers, it's a result of hundreds of deals around the world, and they all take on different flavors. I think in general people bet many of our clients and a testament to that is the longevity of many of our relationships that are very deep and have lasted decades that people value plenty of aspects what Visa brings to the table from our global scale to our risk and fraud prevention tools to our brand et cetera. That said, all of that stuff is valued when it comes to negotiation people negotiate a card as do we and you end up, everybody ends up, compromising and end up in a certain place. But I think I haven't seen nor as I’ve talked to our clients around the world, any view that the value that we’re bringing into the table is any less than it's been in fact. I think as we move into a digital world and we continue to try to be a leader in terms of thinking about digital tools and solutions that I think that many issuers particularly when you get beyond the very top issuers who also had the funds and wherewithal to be investing in some of these kinds of capabilities that are -- what we bring to the table is very valued. Vasant, you want to add to that.
Al Kelly: I think in China we have I think we have 55 banks and 42 of them only issue the single branded card. The remaining 14, 13 do the dual branded. We’ve had some success, frankly not as good as we would like it be and its going to continue to be a real focus of ours and something that given the importance of the cross-border volume from China something that we’re working closely with the banks on. I’m going be in India and China in three weeks and that is something that I will be talking to both our team there as well as our Chinese client.
Al Kelly: We made -- in the year that we've owned Visa Europe. We have made a few pricing changes and there are number pricing changes that we’re continuing to look at it in addition to obviously the commercialization of as you said of the contracts to do away with rebates and put incentives in place.
Al Kelly: So the price schedule as you know we have our price schedule and then the incentives then are tailored by client. So when we make price adjustments we make them for the system as a whole typically and then the commercial – the commercialization of some of these contracts is something we do client by client. And just to emphasize, I mean the vast majority of our business in Europe has been and remains under contract. This is something we’re doing ourselves proactively to adjust some of the terms in the contracts to make them more commercial in a world where rebates no longer existed. But the pricing itself is that's related to our normal course what we call rack rates or list prices or whatever you want to call it.
Al Kelly: I think that everywhere that we can further embed a Visa card into the payment stream and build the loyalty of the consumer certainly helps us. I mean, I think that at the end of the day PSD2 is going to generate a requirement that everybody focuses really hard on consumers and trying to make sure that they're providing the best possible consumer value propositions and the best possible consumer experiences. So to the degree that we could help further solidify the relationship that our issuers have with their customers, all that can only go to help fortify the issuers against the against PSD2 and the competition that can come from their accounts happening to be opened.
Al Kelly: Well, the question number one, Bryan, and I’ll let Vasant answer question number two. We don’t want to get into a daily tally sheet on this, but again we’re not probably going to disappoint by not quantifying exactly where we are, but I think you can assume that we’re somewhere below 80, but above a fairly decent number since that we are confident in being able to say we think we can get to 80% by the end of the fourth quarter, but we don't really want to get into setting a precedent of providing that kind of update. Vasant, in term of accretion.
Al Kelly: In terms of India, its such an exciting market and there's a lot going on obviously because it's an exciting market and a lot going on, there’s a number of players trying to get into the market. We’ve been there for a long time. We believe that as we think about growing our network and in particular merchant acceptance that we have to have different plans in emerging market versus a developed market and in the case of India we clearly have to have a way that's low cost, low hassle, low friction to enable merchants to sign up and that is why we initially went with a QR code and now we have worked closely with some of our network colleagues on an interoperable QR code that works with our mVisa application and allows a quick and easy and will have to setup for merchants and a relatively easy experience for the India consumer. It is very very early in the payments maturation curve for India. There is years of to still play out here and we’re going to do everything we can to take advantage of our heritage and tradition, our brand, our different products that are our security, the globality of our network as well as our digital tools to make sure that we’re winning at least our fair share if not more of the business in India as it grows recognizing clearly that we've got competitors that go beyond the -- just the traditional players that we competed with over the last number of decades.
Al Kelly: There is a little bit of work there, but the essences of those agreements are not a major workload for us, it’s more a matter of, actually more change actually on the part of PayPal and it is on part of us. And I’d say – I’d add that they have been a really terrific partner.
Al Kelly: Hi Lisa. And answer to your first question, we are nearing 23 million users who have signed, you know actually signed up for Visa Checkout. I think we talked a little bit about this. The whole wallet [ph] thing is a bit of a mixed bag of activity around the industry and I think not necessarily the most user friendly thing for consumers because there are so many options. We think of these Checkout more as a platform that we necessarily think about it as wallet and but that said strategically I think anything that supports the four party model that makes sense in terms of integration or capability we’re going to be open to look at as we go forward, because ultimately we want to be part of a solution of coming up with a smaller number of easy, convenient and wallet that have the type of functionality that consumers would want and expect and hope that help brings some of what I think is a bit of confusion around wallets and Checkout in the e-commerce world, bring a bit more order to it overtime.
Vasant Prabhu: No. I had said that on the process transaction side, yes, we’ve been saying for a couple of quarters that we had some gains in Europe on the process transaction side. But overall as Al said, I mean, we’re very pleased with the way the – the vast majority of our business in Europe is under contract, and we have been for a certain portion of that working with clients to reset commercial terms once rebates went away and that's gone well longer than we would have liked, but it's going well. So, on all fronts Europe has done, as we’ve said before equal to or better than we expected. And from an accretion standpoint certainly has been performing better than we expected and we’ll give you a little more about that once we are through with the year and can give you a full sense of the year.
Vasant Prabhu: And as we’ve told you before, I mean, its not something we think should be focused on to the extent it is on a quarter by quarter basis. And as you know we explicitly don't try to get deals done based on quarterly timetables and so on. So the short answer to your question is that a snapback kind of thing? No. But is there likely to be a quarter where incentives run higher than we might have expected. Of course, I means just as they’ve run lower than we expected in some quarters and some quarters they could run higher than we expected. But that isn’t any snapback kind of reasons that you should expect. We typically look ahead and give you our better sense of what might get done in the quarter coming up.
Vasant Prabhu: The only thing was that there was a specific question on why client incentive if you derived the fourth quarter might look the way they do. I would say a couple of things. There is the fiscal fourth quarter effect to some degree in that. We have been talking to people especially in Europe for several months now in and it back and forth on finalizing agreements and the documentation and so on and there’s a fair amount of that is happening in the fourth quarter and as we get it done in the fourth quarter since these discussions have been underway for a few months. As happens in many cases the incentives you pay reflect when the deal was either agreed to or initially discuss. So there’s an element of retro-attractiveness to it all of which is captured in the incentives you would probably recognize in the fourth quarter. So some elements of all that that flow into it, and then as Al said, I mean, we have fairly rigorous process and we do the best we can to give you the best sense, but in the end we won't sign a deal because quarterly deadline is approaching, but we’ll do our very best to get done everything we are setting out to do right now.
Vasant Prabhu: On service fees in Europe really sort of it’s – the breakup of scheme and processing. We’ll se over time what the impact is. But in the short run it really has no impact on the fee structure that was in place. But it will evolve over time, I’m sure. In China you know…
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. Just in terms of the trend in that business over the last couple of quarters we highlighted issue last quarter. I want you to know as we said earlier that if you adjust for China, Asia was growing double-digit. The domestic dual branded card volumes in China were relatively stable quarter to quarter, so we didn’t see a sequential decline. And the cross-border business coming out of China as Al said in his comments has been strong and stable. How it all plays out in the next few months, we’ll have to wait and see.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. In terms of accretion as you all know, volumes, European economies have been stronger than we expected, so our volumes as you’ve seen have been running better than we might have expected at the beginning of the year. All when we did the acquisition model that valued Visa Europe. Certainly the weak pound and the euro have helped the cross-border business, frankly the weak pound has caused a massive amount of cross-border into the UK. In addition to that you know that we have taken some pricing and our yields have run a little better than we expected. And so far things are well in terms of renewals and retaining contracts and business and so on. So when you put it all together clearly Visa Europe is doing better than we expected this year and accretion is running ahead of the low single-digits we have told you. But the year isn't over yet, so we’ll till the end of the year and give you an update in October as to whether accretion was in the first year and whether we have a different perspective on the longer term outlook on accretion. But its early days and things are going well.
Vasant Prabhu: So, on the cross-border growth rate, real quick, we like what we see on the cross-border trend. We’ve seen the pound strengthen a bit, but that didn’t change the strength of the cross-border business into the UK. We saw the dollar weaken a bit, but that didn’t seem to change the trend so far of cross-border business outside going, leaving the U.S. So overall the cross-border business seems to have pretty good momentum. And yes, the comparison get tougher, but we feel pretty optimistic about it. So we’ll wait and see how it goes. When you lap big increases of course you have to – it’s a little harder to forecast, but we like what we see a lot.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, I think the other things Al went through I think a very comprehensive list. I mean a few other things just to highlight would be continued investment in the Visa developer platform. Investments and now rolling our Visa checkout and Visa Token Service and mVisa around the world. Big push on mVisa in places like India and parts of Africa. Investments in our innovation centers, you heard about the London Innovation center and how significant it has become. Investments in co-development around our innovation centers with our clients. So that’s a – there’s a lot of areas where the things we have developed are now in the process of being deployed.
