Ryan McInerney: Thanks for the question. Just before I get into two specific parts that you asked about, just back up, Visa+ is a great example of how a lot of innovations in Visa work. Our team started with a problem in the market, which is people have, we all have these apps with money in them, and it's not easy to get money from one app to another and so starting with the problem, which then created the opportunity, we then together with a number of different parts of the company laid out a roadmap and then announced the Payname feature in the Visa+ network, I guess it was a couple of weeks ago. And like anything to find product market fit, we are starting with kind of some very specific use cases, so, yes, domestic. Yes, we've started with a few partners who happen to be, but not just in the P2P wallet business like PayPal is, with both Venmo and PayPal, we also mentioned Western Union, who is a launch partner with us. In theory, the Payname construct could be extended to really any source of funds on any surface, but we're really focused on, it's early days. We just launched, we think it's a great idea. We think it's got great product market fit. We've gotten really good feedback from the market. We're focused on launching in the U.S. with the partners that we mentioned, then we'll go from there. Thanks for the question, Timothy.
Ryan McInerney: No updates, but I'll just kind of again summarize for you how we see things. The changes that the Fed put in place were consistent with our expectations. No changes to the card-present side of things. Obviously, in the e-commerce side of things, it requires issuers to enable to one affiliated networks for e-comm. Most Visa issuers were already in compliance. Those that aren't will be. We've said and continue to believe that there'll be minimum impact in fiscal year '23 and beyond that, it's yet to be determined. We'll kind of see how the marketplace plays out. We continue to believe that merchants are going to want to choose to route transactions to Visa for a number of reasons. One is, in the e-comm space the merchants bear the liability for fraud in e-commerce. So the ability to save a couple of basis points in cost have to be weighed against the risk that comes from the liability of fraud in the e-commerce space. We believe that our tools, capabilities, and platforms to help reduce fraud are second to none. We've got advanced fraud and risk processing capabilities that help both issuers, acquirers, and sellers reduce fraud. And we've also got a product that has dual messaging functionality that, in a number of different use cases whether it's airlines or hotels or rental cars or the retail space, where they are ordering multiple products that are shipped at different times. The enhanced dual messaging functionality is really required. So, as always, we're going to -- we're going to continue to compete vigorously. We're going to continue to invest in our products, our capabilities, our services. The market is very competitive today. It's going to get more competitive, but we like our chances to continue to win.
Ryan McInerney: Hi Bob. I think I heard gist of the question cut in and out a little bit. Let me hit AI and blockchain. I think that's what you're asking. I think more broadly. We're obviously monitoring anything and everything that's impacting commerce and money movement around the world. And our approach is what it has been, which is to lean into those technologies and use them to add value to our products and services and clients and capabilities around the world. I guess, AI and blockchain. On AI, clearly, a lot of activity in generative AI right now. Before I get to that, I'll just mention that we have a long history of developing and using predictive AI and deep learning. We were one of the pioneers of applied predictive AI. We have an enormous data set that we've architected to be utilized at scale by hundreds of AI and ML different services that people use all across Visa. We use it -- we need to run our company more effectively. We use it to serve our clients more effectively. And this will continue to be a big part of what we do. As you transition to generative AI, this is where we see this as an opportunity to take our current AI services to the next level. We are kind of as a platform, experimenting with a lot of the new capabilities that are available. We've got people all over the company that are tinkering and dreaming and thinking and doing testing and figuring out ways that we could use generative AI to transform how we do what we do, which is deliver simple, safe and easy-to-use payment solutions. And we're also spending a fair time thinking how generative AI will change the way that sellers sell, and we all buy and all of the shop. So that is -- it's a big area of opportunity that we're looking at in many different ways across the company. In terms of, I guess, blockchain and crypto, it's -- as far as we see, it's still early days, still emerging technologies. But as we've said in other venues, we see the potential for blockchain. We see the potential for stable coins. If you look at what we're doing in the market today, it's relatively basic, but I'd call it important work. We're enabling on and off ramps on crypto. We're working with exchanges around the world to issue their users Visa credentials, and we're developing the capability for our issuer and acquirer partners to have a choice to settle in stable coins. And we're engaging with central banks all around the world on CBDC priorities. Now the stuff we've got going in the lab, if you will, the R&D work that we're doing is we're testing and ideating on all sorts of different ideas on how we could leverage blockchain and Web3 and Layer 1 and Layer 2 solutions, smart contracts. I mean we've got teams of people that are exploring all those different types of innovations. And we'll see how they play out in the market. And if there's things to scale, we want to be part of that.
Ryan McInerney: Thanks, Lisa. Yes, we want to connect to any real-time payment network in the planet - on the planet, and that's been our track record so far. That's the short answer to the first part of your question. Just back up, and I'll just take a minute on this. Before I dive into FedNow, let me put it in context as it relates to Visa. Today, I'll start with Visa Debit. Visa Debit is a feature-rich widely adopted safe, simple, secure payment option. We've got global broad-based acceptance. We've got dual message capabilities, as I mentioned earlier, well-established disputes and charge-back processes, well-understood rules and accepted rules, not just in the U.S. but around the world. We've got zero liability fraud protection, tokenization capabilities, risk management tools, security services. And it's a really, really good customer experience. It's a great buying experience. It's a great selling experience. So that's Visa Debit. On Visa Direct, Visa Direct builds on all those features, the scale, the ubiquity, the great experiences to deliver push payment solutions, both domestically and around the world, as I mentioned earlier to 7 billion endpoints. And there, too, it's a really, really good customer experience, both for the user and for the kind of enabler of the experience. So if you put FedNow in context of all of that. So just to talk specifically about FedNow, the first thing I would say is that modernizing the payments infrastructure in the United States is a smart thing to do. It's a necessary thing to do, and it's good for Americans. So that's -- it's something that is a good thing happening in the U.S. And I'd also say that any force that digitizing money movement is a catalyzing force for all of us. And I expect that the FedNow, like TCH, it's going to take some time. It will eventually get traction, but it will take some time to build adoption. And one of the most -- I'd say it this way. One of the most powerful capabilities in payments is ubiquity. RTP doesn't have that yet in the U.S. It will happen, but it's going to take time. And the other thing I'd say is that an RTP transaction is a relatively simple transaction type, it's instant, it's permanent and it's irrevocable. I think over time, it will get enhanced, but that's kind of where we are. So if you take all that and say, what does it mean? I think the most instructive thing to do as we think about real-time payments in the U.S. is look around the world. And if you go to the U.K., we've had faster payments in the U.K. for 15 years now. We haven't seen much, if any, impact on Visa Debit. And the U.K. is also -- it's a robust and growing market for Visa Direct. So just I think we'll see what happens. We'll see how things expand in the U.S., but kind of like I was saying earlier, we like our products. We love our clients. We love the capabilities and teams that we have, and we feel good about our ability to continue to add value and grow the businesses in the U.S.
Ryan McInerney: Yes, thanks for the question. We're building out a new network. We know how to do that, and we also know it takes time. If I give you an example and then come back to your question, we're excited to talk with all of you about the success we're having with Visa Direct. The billions of transactions, the use cases, everything that we're seeing now. That journey started many, many years ago, country by country, client by client, working with our issuing clients, especially to get into their tech cues, build out the functionality and then fast forward many years and we're having the success that we're having with that platform today. B2B Connect is in the earlier stages of that. So to your question around the sales cycles, we know how to do it. We've done it with other networks as we built out, but it takes time. Country-by-country around the world we're working with our banks. We're helping them understand the value of the product and the solution, which almost unanimously is the easiest part of the sales process. Like when you compare B2B Connect versus the alternatives that are out there, I mean, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, side-by-side to almost any other alternative that's out there, B2B Connect is a far superior product but it takes store. So we're working on it country by country. I mentioned some of the numbers in my prepared remarks. I don't have any numbers to share today beyond those. And we expect, over time, we'll share more with you about the success we're hopefully having.
Ryan McInerney: Yes. I think we've got great sales teams, great product teams all around the world. They're doing a great job sitting with our clients, helping them understand these products and services and getting those products and services embedded into our clients. And we've got a very robust product pipeline across all of our various types of value-added services and we're optimistic about the ability to continue to grow that business.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, the short answer is yes. We think the consumer is still in good shape. As we said, spending across most categories other than a couple I mentioned like fuel and some retail goods price cutting, very strong across services, strong across travel and entertainment, strong in non-discretionary, so, yes, that's how we feel.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes, I think that's right. Clearly, the moderation in volatility is not a big surprise. Volatility last year were very high by historical standards. If anything, they've held up better than we expected so far this year. And even now, they're, I'd say, a little bit higher than long run medians, but not -- last year was real highs that we haven't seen in a while. So that's not a surprise. The cross-border business is recovering almost on track with our expectations, which, again, we had no real crystal ball, but we are very close to what we were expecting. And it's recovering nicely, and it's exactly as we expected. Asia driving it. China playing an important role. The cross-border e-commerce business, in general, the e-commerce business is holding up well. International is very strong, especially Europe. Europe is strong. Define what we may have expected going into the year. If there is a positive surprise, it's clearly Europe. And then other parts of the world like Latin America, many most parts of Latin America and the Middle East are also doing well. And Asia is recovering. So yes, I mean, as you would expect something is better than you expect, something is a little bit lower. But in aggregate, the business is doing as well or better than we expected, as you saw from our results.
Vasant Prabhu: I don't think we gave you a quarterly revenue growth outlook. So I don't know exactly where that came from. I mean, we said -- we gave you some sense of our planning assumptions for the full year, and said that we would give you one quarter out. Our best sense of the quarter out, which we've done for Q3. And we'll give you our best sense of Q4 when we get to July.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. It's additions, we had made over the last 12 months in head count. There's also some unusual items that flow through there that are offset. This is the deferred comp. It hits you on the personnel line, but it's offset on the nonoperating income line. So that distorts it a little bit. But you will see that growth rate start to decline quite a bit because we've been moderating headcount increases as we went through the year. And it's all incorporated in the outlook we gave you for expenses, which we told you with the growth of expenses will flow through the year. It was 2 points or 3 points lower than last quarter. This quarter, it will be 2 points to 3 points lower next quarter and another 2 points to 3 points lower in the fourth quarter, and we're on track for that.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. Look, I think we'll stick with what we said earlier. I think you have a good sense of the trends. And if the trends continue, you have -- it's very easy for you to assess what the fourth quarter would look like. And as it relates to value-added services, I don't know, Ryan, if you want to add anything. But clearly, I mean, the approach to value-added services is the yield and answer. If you have the transaction, the more value-added services you can provide, the higher the yield you can get on the transaction, and that is clearly the objective.
