Joseph W. Saunders: Well, as I mentioned in my comments today, he's a dynamic executive, he has done well. He understands our business. He's been a client. He has been on our board. And if you remember, he was on the board of this company for 3 years. He has more than a fleeting familiarity with Visa. He is very familiar with the staff at Visa, having interacted with many of them for a number of years. He has run large global operations in the past. And while he's not a technologist, per se, he's run large organizations that depend very significantly on technology. We also, as you remember, have parsed our company in a way where we have focused on technology simultaneous to what we do in our core business. And there has to be a recognition that our core business is the -- is what's feeding this engine and what's creating the revenue and the cash flow that allows us to invest. We have an extremely strong technology organization. We've hired a number of extraordinary individuals over the last 2 or 3 years. We're very, very confident that, that organization has the ability to take -- to continue to take us forward. And, in fact, I think you'd have to admit that vis-à-vis other companies in our space, we're way out front, and we don't intend to lose that. So thanks for asking the question.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, what I would say is 2 things. These agreements are very much performance-oriented agreements. They -- for the most part, they only pay out incentives if the volume is delivered. Now I think it's important to emphasize that the agreements, themselves, don't guarantee volume. They incent it. If the volume is there, the incentives will be paid. And if they aren't, they aren't. And so there is -- to a certain extent, there is a degree of variability with regards to how much incentives will be paid out and it will be completely tied to the volume delivered. And then we are still, as I said before, on a path of signing additional merchants with these agreements, so we do expect them to be not only performance-based but to grow in number as the year unfolds. The way these are booked into the income statement is virtually 100% contra-revenue incentives.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, they have an eloquent way of stating things, as you've mentioned before. But I wouldn't say we're copying MasterCard. I'd say our growth in the United States, particularly in the credit business, which is our highest-yielding business, is significantly stronger than any of our competition, and it continues to grow. And I mentioned that in my remarks earlier. We have strong growth outside of the United States as well. MasterCard deals in Europe, and we don't. They have quite a bit of strength in Europe, but our Asian and Latin American businesses are growing at very robust rates. We continue to believe that we'll have more than 50% of our revenue coming from outside the United States in a very short period of time. I think that there is tough competition to deal with. I mean, I don't think there's any question about that, but we're doing very well. And in the parts of the world in which we do business, we are competitively advantaged, and we intend to maintain that.
Joseph W. Saunders: There has been a clear increase over the year credit spending of more affluent people. A lot of what's going on even in the U.S. economy is driven by consumer spending, as I'm sure you know as well or better than I do. And I think that most of these things have exhibited some sustainability. There are different blips in a few countries around the world and in Asia in particular that are associated with specific events. Some of the noise between China and Japan has hurt some of the volume between those 2 countries in the cross-border volume and the payment volume in particular. And there have been other examples of similar situations. On the bias, though, things are proceeding as well as we expected given the overriding macroeconomic situation. And we're very happy where we wound up in 2012, including the fourth quarter, and we'll have to go from there. As Byron said earlier and as I said, we can't totally avoid what's going on in the global economy. But I think that the -- we're certainly positioned to do well next year.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, the answer to the last part of the question first, I think, is more of a 2014 event. I mean, going back to the Internet, there were $327 billion spent on the -- or, excuse me, there was $226 billion spent in 2012. People expect that to move to $327 billion by 2016, which I mentioned in my earlier comments. We have a extraordinarily significant share of that volume. It is the fastest-growing category we have without V.me. And I think V.me will enable us to increase our share of the transactions. So not only are we going to be dealing in a category that's increasing, and even though that category may be taking some sales away from in-store sales, I think we will get a larger share of those sales than we have in the past. Any time you do something like we're doing with V.me, it's a chicken-and-egg kind of a thing. What comes first, all the merchants or all the customers? We're running at a pretty rapid rate as it relates to putting both on, and I think we'll have a successful start-up this holiday season. I think that by the middle of the year, we will have a much more robust environment. And by the -- and by a year from now, we'll be poised to take significant advantage of what we've done. As it relates to closing the gap in the top 10, I don't like to speak for my customers before they speak for themselves. But I am looking forward to and I think you could legitimately look forward to hearing a lot more about new additions in the very near future.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, I don't think anything that I'm aware of has happened that should precipitate that. And, of course, that failed because they couldn't bundle transactions. They had to have specific -- they had to be able to specifically list each transaction, which they were unable to do. As it relates to MCX, I mean, I think they have lofty aspirations, and they probably have a lot of horsepower to work with. I think we're aware of what we're doing, and -- I mean, we're aware of what they're doing, and they're aware of what we're doing. And we're working hard to compete. And I don't think that, that in itself is going to define who Visa is or isn't in the near- or the moderate-term.
Byron H. Pollitt: The -- with regards to operating margin leverage, we have been kicking up the pace of reinvesting, particularly in our growth initiatives that are -- that really won't begin to drive revenue in a meaningful way until 3 and 4 and 5 years out. And you can look at mobile, V.me. And so what we have done up to this point is invest aggressively in new office expansions and deploying more account executives serving clients in country, all of which drive margin expansion, which, as you've noticed, has moved from 46%, which seems like a lifetime ago, up to 60%. And as more of our investment or acquisitions are much more forward-looking, there will be more of a lag between when that'll show up in operating leverage expansion versus pure investment in the core that leverages the -- completely the VisaNet platform. With regards to other revenue, the reserves associated with the release of the FIN 48 expenses that we had recorded associated with the NOPA, a part of that was -- part of those reserves were recorded in other income. And as we released those reserves, they showed up in that column.
Byron H. Pollitt: Price increases. I would say that there is very little in the way of pricing built into the coming year. And in fact, we are giving back some effective pricing as a part of our response in the U.S. debit arena. So the revenue growth for next year is going to be delivered the good old-fashioned way, by driving hard against payment volume, not only in the U.S. but in the Rest of World in particular.
Byron H. Pollitt: Okay. So with regards to other income, this was -- it was principally driven by 2 things. The release of reserves, which are related to the reversal of the NOPA reserves on the IRS situation that clarified itself this past quarter. A part of the -- the vast majority of those reserves are taxes. But when you are put into a situation where you potentially have to pay back taxes, then you have an interest charge. And that's -- that interest charge was the source of the release in reserves that hit that column. In addition, we had some insurance recoveries that occurred that quarter, and that's why those popped up. On the e-commerce, with regards to the percentage of our business, we don't have an update on that for the moment. But this is our fastest-growing channel across the company globally. And within that e-commerce channel, the fastest-growing form factor is mobile. And this is why we have put such emphasis on V.me, which is particularly suited for the mobile form factor, and why we have put such strong focus on mobile strategies that go far beyond NFC and are global in scope.
Byron H. Pollitt: Okay. So on the incentive side, I would say, first of all, that the drivers are almost as much Rest of World contracts that a number of which -- a meaningful increment of which have already been signed and will begin annualizing at a higher incentive rate going into next year. And we've already -- and so that's one major driver of the incentive increase. The other major driver is that we're only 2 quarters into the routing rule changes in U.S. debit. And as a result of that, we've got a building momentum of agreements that we are signing with merchants and acquirers. And that also will -- has yet to annualize in the coming year.
Byron H. Pollitt: Yes. So, Julio, I'm going to let you do the math. What we've done is given you the -- given you all the metrics that we typically give you at this point of time. The -- clearly, there is a dynamic with the double -- low-double-digit revenue growth and the operating margin is -- will be the major contributor. Tax, once again, will allow us to add a little octane to the EPS growth. And then as you have noticed, we're very disciplined repurchases -- repurchasers of our stock over the course of the year. We also have a habit of readdressing the opportunity for buyback at every single board meeting. So today, as we enter into the fiscal -- new fiscal year, we have $865 million of previously authorized but unspent open to buy on share repurchase. We have $1.5 billion new program that was just announced. So that gives us a little over $2.3 billion of open to buy. And then, of course, later in the year, should circumstances warrant, we have the opportunity to go back to the board and ask for additional share repurchase opportunity. Recognize, however, that the later in the year that the share repurchases occur, the corresponding lower impact they will have on a given year's EPS.
Byron H. Pollitt: So we're -- I suppose we're in a bit of a odd position to comment on this in one sense because with regards to PIN, thanks to a regulatory change, a substantial part of our PIN market share was gifted to our competition. And so it's a little hard for us on the margin to comment on the PIN. However, on the Signature debit, or what we refer to as Visa Debit, I can tell you that our business has, since the implementation of the rules, I think in prior quarters, we have experienced solid mid-single digit growth. And that growth rate is on balance, drifting a little north in the most recent quarter.
Byron H. Pollitt: Okay. So I would say in looking over the Rest of World that there were no contract losses material to speak of. In fact, I can't even think of one. So it's much more economic. And as we look at kind of the cross-border as well as the domestic spend inside the Rest of World countries, both of them put on the brakes a bit. Now recognize, Brian, these are still, for the most part, robust growth rates with that we would love to aspire to here in the United States. But in terms of feeling light there, at least in the fourth quarter, there was a bit of a downshift that's -- I think it's economically driven. And with regards to just -- I know 4 weeks does not a trend make, but October was a bit encouraging as it looks like there was a bit of a bounce back in the month of October as it relates to Rest of World cross-border, as well as Rest of World processed transactions, both of which we have real-time visibility too. With regards to international revenue. Let's see. We had nominal cross-border growth of 7%, and we had international fee growth of 5%. And if I look back over the last 3 or 4 quarters, there is always kind of plus or minus 2 or 3 percentage points of noise. I don't think there is any particular callout as I look at the drivers of international fees. It's just -- so I think we're pretty close to the nominal cross-border growth and no real callouts.
