Joseph Saunders: Thanks, Jack, and as always, thank you all for joining us today. Visa closed out our fiscal 2010 with another solid quarter, delivering net operating revenues of over $2.1 billion, which was a 13% increase over last year. These revenue gains were driven by double-digit growth in payment volume, cross-border volume and Visa processed transactions coming from all areas of the globe. For all of fiscal 2010, net revenue was a record $8.1 billion, a 17% increase over 2009. Adjusted net income for the quarter, which excludes the gain from revaluing the Visa Europe put was $695 million, a 35% increase over prior year. This equates the diluted earnings per share of $0.95, a 38% increase over the fourth quarter of 2009. For the full year 2010, adjusted net income was $2.9 billion, a 23% increase over 2009. Full year adjusted diluted earnings per share came in at $3.91, 26% ahead of last year. Importantly, we delivered on all of the guidance we laid out at the start of our fiscal year. On a separate front, we completed the repurchase of $800 million worth of Class B stock earlier this month or approximately 11 million shares on an as converted basis. And today, we announced the authorization of the new $1 billion share repurchase program for fiscal 2011. Well, last week, we raised our quarterly dividend by 20% over the prior year. All of these actions reaffirmed our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders, a commitment that we initially wait out almost three years ago. But of course we will only do this after all appropriate investment and opportunities to fuel future growth have been funded. We continue to take steps to solidify our foundation for long-term growth. We successfully renewed several client contracts during the quarter. Importantly, this includes securing the early renewal of a major relationship that now leaves us with no major renewals until the beginning of fiscal 2013. While there are challenges to address, we remain confident in our ability to adapt to the changing environment and we remain committed to being a growth company. Well, Byron will discuss in greater detail our overall guidance for 2011, and the new once as therein. I'm pleased to report that we will continue to target 11% to 15% net revenue growth, greater than 20% earnings per share growth, and are raising our free cash flow guidance to greater than $3 billion. Our current guidance takes into account a step up in our global investments. This also includes resources to respond effectively to any changes in the U.S. debit landscape. Visa will remain focused on maintaining its industry leadership through growth and innovation. Backstopping that leadership has been a willingness to apply the necessary investment dollars behind new initiatives, expansion and defending our position in the U.S. market. We recognize that we must remain adaptable and innovative appropriately addressing the economic, regulatory or legal challenges before us. We believe we have made good progress in working with the U.S. government to bring clarity to two important issues that directly impact our business. First, we resolve the Department of Justice. And second, we have met with the Federal Reserve staff on multiple occasion to discuss Visa's place in the payments industry and the industry in general. We are encouraged by the open and inclusive process that has been adopted. As we have been saying, we have to wait until the rules were finalized to provide you with more detail regarding the financial impact this year and in ensuing years. With that being said, we are not setting idly buy. We have had a team in place for several months focusing on how we will evolve our U.S. debit strategy based on potential outcomes of the Fed's rulemaking process. As a result, we have developed a range of strategy options that we will choose from when the time comes. It's very important to keep financial reform and perspective. Our foundation remains solid. We are diversified global business and a growth industry, and we will continue to invest to develop our acquired products and services that drive long-term growth. There's been a lot written of late [ph] about Visa's prospects with the U.S. debit market given recent legislative developments. Let me give you my perspective about this. There is a reason we have a strong leadership position in this market. We have the best processing technology, value-added services and brand in the business. We will continue to use those assets to win in the marketplace. Let me now turn the call over to Byron to take you through the details of our financial results, and then I'll be back to provide some context on what we are thinking about from a global investment and opportunity perspective.
Joseph Saunders: A lot of the transactions on PayPal are Visa transactions, and I don't necessarily expect that to change in the matter in front [ph]. As it relates to whether we consider PayPal to be a competitor, the answer is, of course, we do. And there are a number of things that we have done and are doing that some of which we talked about on this call, some of which we talked about at our Investor Day, but we are doing to compete not just with PayPal but other emerging payment schemes. And we are focused on investing in and promoting those things that we do best and fit in best with our business. We're going to continue to do that and that's pretty much where Visa is.
Joseph Saunders: We completed a transaction with a large client this quarter and it was a standalone transaction, period. And it included the Credit Card business, the Debit Card business and the Prepaid business. And so and that's about all I can say about it. I don't think that is anything we did or have done with that or others is particularly inconsistent. I don't think that there's anything about this that is highly unusual in comparison to other contracts that we signed.
Joseph Saunders: Well, as it relates to the first part of your question relating to the Fed, our conversations with the Fed have been focused on the competitive landscape in the Debit business, the substantial investments and ongoing investments that are required to keep the global payment system running securably and reliably. We talk to them why we believe cardholders should have the right to choose which payment networks throughout their transactions on and why consumers are making network choice expect to receive benefits of their selection fraud benefits, chargeback benefits, rewards and promotions, things like that. But so that's the kind of dialogue that we've had with the Fed. As it relates to how the Fed interprets it and as it relates to how the Fed interprets the question of signature versus pen and how many issuers they have to have, we continue to believe that there would be a single signature issuer and at least two pen issuers. Now that doesn't mean that that's going to happen. But we don't know what's going to happen until we see what they come out with. I think that to say that our meeting with them is open and constructive. It's open in the sense that they are curious about the business, curious about what's going on, interested in knowing what our thoughts are and I think we've done it in a way that they at least trust the data that we're giving them. As it relates to how they digest that data and what they do with it or what they feel that they can do with it, that remains to be seen.
Joseph Saunders: I think, Bruce also mentioned the under $10 billion financial institutions in the call out [ph]. And look, as we have said consistently and we said prior to the law being past, that's a very, very difficult thing to get to that requires a number of different entities to do things in order to achieve that out. Having said that, it's the law and if it continues to be the law, and I have no reason to expect that well [ph], then we will do our darndest to make sure that we adhere to the law. And as it relates to how that can be done, I can't give -- Visa cannot give you the blueprint to do it without the cooperation of other in these.
Joseph Saunders: Some of the rules put forward by the competition committee in Canada make viewing a full-blown debit product somewhat problematic. And so I don't know exactly when or if we'll get to an ultimate end state. I mean, I think we have to see how things unfold again. But we remain excited about rolling out of debit product a couple weeks ago, and we think that there's a place in the market for the product and we have been very encouraged by what's happened since we introduced it. And the activity was some institutions that aren't currently part of the process, but are now looking forward to join in. So we'll see.
Joseph Saunders: All of our contracts are with individual financial institutions. They all have different nuances and none which am I going to publicly discuss since they are confidential.
Joseph Saunders: Well, I mean, an answer to your first question, I mean that, that conversation does exist. And from our point of view, we'll do whatever we can to make the ultimate outcome as plowable to us as we possibly can. So I wouldn't count on anything happening, but there is conversation there. There's possibilities and we pursue those possibilities. As it relates to regulation outside the United States, I mean, we mentioned in the talking points today that we've made a considerable amount of progress, particularly in those countries that we're most interested in doing business in. And I think that, that who's on that front is generally pretty good news. I'm talking about Russia, I'm talking about Brazil. Even to some extent China, where our business is, I think, we have almost the largest revenue increased for any country outside the United States in China, where we get the share and business continues to be robust there. So I see this being a continuing situation. I don't think that government interest or government regulation is necessarily going to go away anywhere in the world. But from our point of view, we are learning to adapt and use our technology to everyone's benefit. And so far, it's working quite well.
Joseph Saunders: And I would have to tell you that everything that we've done and the money that we've invested in the mobile payments would suggest to me that we're better off with that, not worse off. And I think that the other part of the answer is better or worse, it's occurring. It's going to happen. And I mean, it's incredible, the number of people in the world that own a cell phone. And I don't -- and the usage is mind blowing. And so I think that it's something that you have to be involved in, and what I'm particularly excited about is where we are in terms of putting infrastructure together that works with our Visa infrastructure. We aren't starting out by saying, why don't you just slap a sticker on a cell phone and swipe it? We have an integrated mobile network that we've been working on for a number of years. And the monetized entity that we bought that helps connect the mobile technology to the banking systems. I mean, I think we're just in a terrific position and I think it is both offensive in terms of having the ability to increase our volume and defensive in that it is with what we have, I don't think we will lose [indiscernible]. I hope that answers your question. And thank you, everybody, for attending the call.
Byron Pollitt: We have, I presume, that you mean the fourth quarter of next year, fiscal year '11? So we have accounted for that with certain assumptions, which will be more forthcoming about once we actually see the rules written. So I think the key takeaway here is that management is very comfortable with the guidance that we have given, recognizing that what impact there might be would be limited to the largely limited to the fourth quarter. And we are comfortable with our guidance, reflecting that period for the upcoming year end when the Fed is more explicit about rulemaking, then we'll be able to have a more informed discussion and more informed guidance with regards to fiscal year, frankly fiscal year '11, but more importantly, beyond fiscal year '11.
Byron Pollitt: The incentives that were a part of the renewal were very much in line with the guidance we had given earlier. It did have an impact in the fourth quarter as we anticipated. There are no specific call outs, and it is fully embedded in our guidance for 2011.
Byron Pollitt: We don't comment on a quarterly progression. We wait for the earnings calls to do that to try and be helpful. What we particularly since that we have some unevenness in the progression of the quarters. We prefer to guide at the annual level and with giving you both guidance and margin. Clearly, if you were to look at fiscal year 2010, it was a recovery year. So the comps that we are lapping in 2011 are going to get progressively tougher as you move through the year. And I think that's the perspective, which suggests you view the course of the year. And then of course, to the extent that we have factored in some impact from the Durbin, that's largely a fourth quarter event. So those, from that standpoint, that's a perspective on the quarterly. With regards to marketing, you're right. We, up to this point, our guidance has been under $1 billion based on the change in income statement, presentation that we will be making with regards to Visa Extras, which is one of the topics that was in yesterday's pre-earnings call. There will be $89 million worth of marketing expense that will have been booked in fiscal year 2010 that will not repeat in fiscal year 2011. And so that gets you along way towards moving from under $1 billion to under $900 million.
Byron Pollitt: We have assumed that there is a continuing modest recovery through the course of the year, and so that would be a positive growth in volumes in each of the quarters year-over-year.
Byron Pollitt: Because the CyberSource revenue is largely going to be booked to data processing, you should expect that that, that will have a lift in data processing revenue, certainly initially as a portion of our mix and then we'll just have to see how we grow the other categories to see how it sorts out. But near term, there will be a lift because roughly, 90% of the CyberSource revenues will be booked to data processing fees. And that is also a subject that was covered in yesterday's pre-earnings call for those that would like to explore that a bit further.
Byron Pollitt: Let me give you the three drivers that are impacting incentives and holding it into that 16% to 16½% range. First, many of our incentive arrangements are tied to year-over-year growth. And when you have growth in a given year, that resets the base of which incentives are paid the following year. And so with fiscal year 2010 being a recovery year, we had an unusually large bump in incentives because there was a steeper recovery in 2010 versus 2009 versus what we would expect in '11 versus '10. So that in effect acts as a dampener. Number two, there are no major contract renewals scheduled for 2011. And so this will be a much more normalized year as it relates to incentives. And then finally, third, we will be adding in the CyberSource revenue into our total and the CyberSource revenue typically doesn't carry with it incentives. So you put those three together and that's the principal reason why we are settling in at a 16% to 16½% rate.
Byron Pollitt: It is our custom to give detailed guidance when you're out, which is what we're observing this year. And it would be our expectation that once we have a more definitive clarification from the Fed for the rules going forward, that we would then be in a position to give a much more informed and thoughtful guidance for 2012. So we're going to wait until we can talk about 2012 with that context.
Byron Pollitt: Yes, and I would just add that in the way that CyberSource deploys, we have the larger enterprise customers and then we have the much smaller businesses that do business in e-commerce are Authorize.net brand under CyberSource is the one that competes successfully in that space. And so that's to the extent that there is more, that PayPal is an alternative or Authorize.net is an alternative, it would be more in that space. Otherwise, transactions, as Joe said, transactions carried across PayPal automatically offer Visa as an alternative and we have a big role to play as in supporting PayPal in their payment system in that regard.
Byron Pollitt: Yes, let me just emphasis that point, if I could, Adam, so that my earlier comments were not misinterpreted. Incentives were higher in the quarter. They were 17%. That's high for us. A more normalized level is a 16% to 16½%. We had a number of major contracts with one large contract in particular that came together and was consummated in this quarter. We had telegraphed several quarters ago that this was a situation that was likely to happen and that it was important to interpret our guidance on a full-year basis, not what happens in a particular quarter. And so those, the deals that we anticipated were brought to resolution in the quarter. Incentives came in at roughly 17% and are baked into our guidance for next year in terms of the full-year impact.
Byron Pollitt: I think it's too early. First of all, our growth in Brazil is very attractive. It's a robust economy and our business in Brazil is very strong. We think it's still a bit early to attribute any growth to the restructured arrangement that is in Brazil. Hard to differentiate given that economies are recovering from a recession. I think it's safe to say that Brazil is very attractive, high-priority market for us and we expect great things from that country still to come.
Byron Pollitt: On the mobile front, much of what we do is you would consider R&D spending, and we do the investment. We incur costs, but we don't try and cover the full gamut. And so where we have other -- where there's other expertise required, we might, for example, do a joint venture with another technology company, which is exactly the case with the joint venture we have with Monetize. So they are another capability that we blend with ours in order to provide a more turnkey mobile payment platform for our clients. So hopefully, that addresses your question.
Byron Pollitt: So let me correct that. If you -- what we tried to do was narrow the debit revenue that we thought would be potentially impacted by Durbin. And that's a little over 20% of our total global revenue. So a little over 20%. We actually have more revenue in debit than that, but the increment above that level, we don't see that as being impacted by the Durbin Legislation. So it's a little over 20%. And then within that, we had a breakdown between pen and signature. But I think the key thing here relative to the statistic you had was it's a little over 20% that would of domestic U.S. debit revenue that could potentially be impacted by Durbin.
Byron Pollitt: So on pricing, let me first restate our longer term perspective, which is one to two percentage points. In the revenue guidance that we gave specifically for fiscal year 2011, we have not assumed any pricing lift in that revenue guidance. If we do have any pricing realized, then it would be an upside to the projection.
Byron Pollitt: On card service fees -- give me one moment here. So if we were to look at what occurred in the fourth quarter, the pricing as you bridge from Q3 to Q4, some of that is due to the contract renewals, multiple that we had during the quarter. And then we have a mix issue here, it's not really an issue, it's just a phenomena. We have outside the United States, we are experiencing faster growth in geographies that do not have as high a service fee yield. And so the combination of a shift in the geographic origin of where the revenue, the payment volume is coming from, relative to the service fee yield and the impact in the fourth quarter of contract renewal together explain most of the shift.
Byron Pollitt: Yes, so in personnel, I think, first of all, the principal driver, the personnel expense for next year will be the fact that fiscal year 2010 had only two months of CyberSource with the addition -- as we move into 2011, we're obviously going to have 10 months of comparables for which there was no CyberSource. In addition, I'd be cautious about projecting personnel expense off the fourth quarter because the fourth quarter of the year is always subject to an above average number of accruals. And so the way that we try to be helpful here was to give you an operating margin based on the entire revenue for the year and to give you some guidance on where we thought marketing would come in. With regards to hiring, we do expect to be hiring next year and a disproportionate amount of that hiring to be outside the United States as we focus aggressively on growing our revenue and developing our markets outside the U.S. It's a significant component of getting that done that requires boots on the ground and we're committed to getting those boots in the countries where the opportunity is significant.
