Byron H. Pollitt: Hi. Byron. The answer is the -- let's say, the average length of the merchant contracts that we have been signing are about 2 years. And to your second question, I would say no, they would be more "back end of year" weighted, once we begin to see what the actual routing experience is related to those contacts. Much of what was booked in the fourth quarter was onetime, and therefore, the bulk of the incentives associated with this will be validated during the course of the year once we understand what the actual routing experience is.
Byron H. Pollitt: And let me add 2 dynamics here. As we begin to grow and penetrate outside the United States, remember, the first areas that are penetrated tend to be cross-volume, cross-border types of transactions. So the yields there, early in the development curve, are much higher. As we begin to penetrate more and more domestic payment volume of countries outside the United States, domestic comes with less international. And therefore, the yields, frankly, in any country, including the United States, will naturally move down as domestic picks up a bigger piece of the payment volume. And then there's one final dynamic, which is actually important to understanding how our incentives behave in 2012, which is, when we originally went public, the notion of having multi-year contracts was primarily a U.S. phenomenon. What has happened over time is that we have pursued a deliberate strategy of entering into multi-year contracts with our major clients. As we have pursued that aggressively outside the United States, the quid pro quo for a multi-year contract is incentives. So as we put more, as our volumes build overseas, as more and more of our clients are under multi-year contract, our incentives will just naturally rise, which then has an impact on yield. So to sum, the most important element is what Joe said, we have a much higher degree of processing penetration in the U.S. Outside the U.S., because of that, it tends to be lower. But we pursue the strategies that optimize the growth of our revenue, and it is revenue measured in dollars we saw [ph] for, not yield.
Byron H. Pollitt: It's merchant and acquirers, not issuers, which have been the focus, Tien-Tsin. And these contracts don't guarantee volume. What they do is they incent volume. And at this point, we're not public on the amount of volume, but it's a meaningful increment of volume that is influenced by these contracts.
Byron H. Pollitt: So probably better expressed is, these are incentive agreements to deliver payment volume, whether it is signature or whether it is PIN. And so, that's the way to characterize that. And we'll just have to see how this plays out in terms of movement between signature and PIN. From our standpoint, it's important to preserve the routing. That's what we're focused on. And whether it's signature or PIN, we'll take both.
Byron H. Pollitt: And to answer your first part of your question, the answer is, yes, that the one timers we're referring to were predominantly associated with the merchant and acquired contracts referenced earlier.
Byron H. Pollitt: Honestly, it's way too early to comment on that. So we have seen no discernible change in U.S. debit volume associated with that October 1 date with the shift in the interchange. And that is something that we will give periodic updates on, of course, as the year unfolds. We are as interested in that as you are.
Byron H. Pollitt: Why don't I take the second part first. The trends that we outlined earlier in my talk demonstrated a pretty strong September ending quarter. So I would say, whether you're looking at the U.S. or whether you're looking at Rest of World, those were pretty strong growth numbers. And it didn't look like we were missing a beat. And I'm looking at the numbers now. Split between credit and debit, both of them looked pretty strong, U.S. and Rest of World. And on top of that, these numbers are comping some pretty serious growth numbers in the prior year. When we move into October, recognizing that's only 21 days, I think in any given month, that is hardly a trend for a quarter. And I would say that there's nothing in the trend data yet to show any material shift in the trend curve.
Byron H. Pollitt: Yes, so, you're right. This is -- I'm looking at the data right now. This is the seventh consecutive quarter of credit card year-over-year growth. Eight quarters ago, it was actually negative. And I think what we're seeing here is a just a continuation of a recovery. The recession hit credit hard, and it actually turned growth negative. And I'm speaking here of the U.S. And so, in the first quarter of recovery, which was second quarter, our second fiscal quarter 2010, growth was 3% year-over-year. It has gradually moved up, so that now, for the quarter just ended, it's 10%, 10% in October. And so for us, this is been a gradual return to credit. It's been a sustained but very modestly paced build. And then, as you may recall from my earnings commentary today and really over the past several quarters, this is a credit recovery that is primarily in the U.S. affluent driven. And that through the quarter, through, I would say the June quarter, which is the data where we have more granular data, this growth is primarily affluent, and we haven't really seen a broadening of the credit base yet. So that's in terms of increased and growth and spend [ph]. And so, that is the opportunity to come. And with a further recovery, we expect credit to benefit -- future credit benefit growth to benefit from that expanded set of cardholders.
Byron H. Pollitt: Our focus on growth is primarily the secular growth. We're not looking to drive any material top line revenue growth from pricing, recognizing that when we talk about pricing, that's pricing net of incentives. So it's one thing to adjust your pricing at the top level. But in the end, it's your net pricing that really matters. And so, it is primarily secular growth, which is one of the reasons why we continue to emphasize how much growth we are now delivering outside the United States. And in the quarter just ended, 65% of our growth, our revenue growth, came from outside the United States. And in the fourth quarter, 45% of our entire revenue base is now outside the United States. And as you know, we have an objective to drive that over 50%, and that is absolutely secular growth. With regards to the process transaction growth, that is primarily attributable to 2 things: one, a slowing in the growth rate of U.S. debit; and then second, a year ago, we began -- we had some significant increases in transaction penetration outside the United States, which are now beginning to anniversary. And so, where we are today and that drift down into high single digits, in terms of Visa process transactions, is primarily influenced by those 2 factors for the moment. But we are very focused in our future strategies at increasing Visa process transactions, increasing the percent of transactions, particularly outside the United States, that Visa processes as a function of the total transactions that are performed on Visa cards. And that's where we stand.
Joseph W. Saunders: We've never disclosed what the revenues are in the countries outside the United States. Obviously, when we're not processing, there is a different yield structure. I just have to say that what is growing are our net revenues as a percentage of our total net revenues. So net of incentives, these are the revenues that we're booking. And so, I think that's a pretty good news story.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, I mean, as I mentioned in the script, we signed PNC to a longer-term contract. And we obviously have continued negotiations going on with all of our clients. And well, what Byron is talking about is generally the PIN volume and the decision to route the transaction that's in the hands of the merchant or the acquirer. There still are decisions that issuers make as it relates to the signature portion of the card, and we're in a very comfortable position as it relates to that.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, first of all, I think the banks are clearly making recent business decisions to adapt in this newly regulated environment. I think all of the banks recognize that their customers have an option to move to a competitor. But they believe, in whatever case you're talking about, that their pricing or their future pricing will reflect the value, will reflect the value that they offer to their customers and the value that the customers bring to them. That being said, I don't believe that anything that's happening is going to substantially alter the macro debit volume in the United States. I don't think it's going to go away. Even the one fee that has been specifically announced is a flat fee. It doesn't make any difference. It's not a per-transaction fee, or anything of that nature. I think that, as a result of the recession and the result of the CARD Act, as a result of the Durbin legislation, you're also seeing a lot more activity wind up in prepaid cards. And our growth in that regard, which is really part of our debit-processing environment, is very significant also.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, I mean that's a good question. The answer is that there were a series of events that occurred, and the end result is that small ticket prices from both associations, were raised to the cap of the Durbin legislation. And I'm not sure that I'm not ready to comment on whether that is absolutely the right thing to do or not. What I will say is that we're pretty confident that there is an answer somewhere on the continuum that will benefit both financial institutions, consumers and merchants. And of course, we will endeavor to be a part of getting to the right solution over a reasonably short period of time.
Joseph W. Saunders: Remember, when we incent merchants to deliver volume, there's a lot of things that they can do in-store or otherwise with their customers that incent their customers to use these cards. And we've done that over the years in a pretty significant way, and we'll continue to do that. But it's important to us, so Byron's point of incenting merchants to deliver volume is exactly the right direction.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, I mean, obviously, the macro picture, Durbin, our business outside the United States, our prepaid and commercial businesses. When we give guidance, we embrace all of those things. And so, we gave guidance several months ago. We're delivering the same guidance today. We remain extraordinarily comfortable with that guidance. And everything that we think about Durbin, about the economy, about our competitive position is embraced within that guidance. And right now, we're very happy with where we are and what we're suggesting that we're going to do. And we'll see where it goes. But there's nothing that's happened in the last several months that would change our position on this.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, we are pursuing the strategy. We're comfortable with it. I mentioned it earlier today. We haven't had any negative reaction that I'm aware of. There is some work that needs to take place, but it is a rule, and I have no reason to believe that people won't adhere to it. In order to compete for a routing transaction in a predominantly PIN environment, it's going to have to be at similar pricing or the same pricing or lower pricing. And it's got to be Interlink-type pricing or we won't win the transaction, so I think that, that answers that question.
Joseph W. Saunders: Well, let me take the second part of the question first, and then I think I'll turn it over to Byron. But the ability to accept a PIN on our debit card network or our signature network is something that has existed for quite some time. We authorize millions of transactions a year, millions, which PIN numbers are used on our signature debit card. While we have defined it more specifically to make sure that everybody understands the capability and hasn't lost the functionality to be able to do that, but it is been a part of our signature card for many, many years.
Joseph W. Saunders: As it relates to pursuing credit card business, that is one of our primary focuses. I think we've talked about it before. I think we've talked about the relationships we have with our clients. We've talked about partnerships that we signed and talked [ph] today, and we're very pleased with where we are. And we are extraordinarily client focused, and we are working with each of our clients on an individual basis to help them develop a credit card strategy, particularly, if they want to expand it, and many of them do. And I think that, that will be one of the big success stories of 2012.
