Vasant M. Prabhu: Yeah, as we said on our call last quarter, we said that it was roughly half due to Europe, and some of it is how the accounting works when you remove rebates and replace them with client incentives. And the rest was driven by Costco, USAA, and also renewals that we expect this year. So nothing has changed much on those fronts.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Well, I think it's too early to talk about that. We'll certainly get into all that as we get to later in the year and talk about next year. But as you know, we're tracking below our range in the first quarter, so you should assume that it'll catch up in future quarters this year.
Vasant M. Prabhu: We're moving ahead with plans we had. And some of it, as we've told you before, we don't plan to announce them per se in calls like these. Certainly, in the market in Europe, people are aware of what we have done. As we said in our comments, we are engaged with all our issuers and acquirers in Europe on all these issues. There are ongoing discussions. We're happy with how things are going. And as far as that's concerned, we're very much on track in terms of everything we wanted to do.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yeah, in general, credit growth rates when you normalize for all things that are, as you said, adds to our business, the underlying growth trend is higher in credit than debit, and is roughly stable quarter-over-quarter.
Vasant M. Prabhu: We've tried to do our best to give you the business drivers. So if you go to our Operational Performance package, what you'll see is that European payment volumes grew 2 points faster than they did last quarter. So it was 7% growth last quarter, 9% this quarter, and that is Item 2 in the Operational Performance Data. So you can see that. And then in the commentary, we talked about cross-border being quite strong in Europe. We're seeing a huge amount of inbound commerce into the UK, certainly helped by the pound. Generally speaking, cross-border across Europe is quite strong, helped by the weakening euro. Europe is definitely a beneficiary of a lot of inbound commerce. And then in terms of transactions, I think you heard us say in our comments that transaction growth rates in Europe was stable. We're moving very well in terms of all the other actions we want to take in Europe as it relates to costs and so on. So all-in-all, as Al said earlier, we feel very good about both Europe's financial performance and also the accretion that we anticipated this year. We are on track to do as well as or better than we had assumed we would his year.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yeah. It doesn't make a whole lot of sense to sort of divide up the report, the financial reports into, this is Visa Europe's performance separately. We try to help you as much as we could in the business drivers to give you a feel for how Europe is performing and how the business is actually performing on an organic basis if you adjust for Europe. And then I think the other question you asked was, why would we expect incentives to be higher this year than the fourth quarter of last year. It's a variety of reasons, some of which we walked through on the call last time. Someway it has to do with how the accounting for the rebates worked post the acquisition of Visa Europe. It's Visa Europe coming into our numbers. It's Costco and USAA being in there for the full year. And it's some of these renewals that we were anticipating this year that Al mentioned. So what we told you is what we still expect, and that's why we indicated that what you saw in the first quarter was a result of some delays, but the overall full-year expectation for client incentives does not change.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Well, the fact is that we have offshore cash. And let's say we issue $2 billion of long-term debt, and we're able to repatriate somewhere in the region of $8 billion of offshore cash either because there's a change in the rules that allows it to happen tax efficiently, or because we are able to, as part of our – some thoughts and ideas we have on the re-organization in Europe, we're able to repatriate cash. We will have more cash than we need to keep for settlement guarantees and all that. And that excess cash is available. So that's the reason to wait a bit and see whether we want to use our own cash rather than lock in more long-term debt. I mean, this is something we monitor on a regular basis, and if there's any changes on that front, we'll certainly let you now.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Oh yes, cross-border volume, I think as I said in my comments, for the first 28 days of January, cross-border volume growth was certainly holding up. But the dollar has strengthened, so our go- forward assumptions assume that the cross-border growth rate is healthy but perhaps a little bit of a moderation in the rate of growth than what we saw in the first quarter. So we'll wait and see.
Vasant M. Prabhu: Yeah, we said it was $80 million this year. We'll wait and see how things go and give you any updates as we get towards the end of the year on future outlook. But at this point, really we wouldn't say anything different about the future. We expect that we will spend the $80 million we thought we would spend this year. Thank you.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: I would say that, given the continued amount of attention reward products are getting, we're certainly seeing that our issuers are very focused on the credit card segment for sure.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Darrin, I'll start with it, there were a couple of deals that we thought would close in the first quarter that have just drifted into the second quarter, and a couple of them are big deals outside of the United States. And so we have a pretty good insight to what the second quarter is going to look like based on the fact that these deals are either have closed or were at the very last level of red lining the deal. So we have pretty good insight. So I think the guidance that you heard from Vasant is good guidance. In terms of the first part of your question, we're not in a position to start getting into a lot of the detail on Visa Europe individually. I think we're very excited to have moved to kind of a one Visa concept that as quickly as we possibly can. We're going to be happy to be able to talk about it on a total global company basis.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Per the request of the FTC, we made the clarification. But I think that for the most part we were acting in the appropriate fashion. But we see very little impact of any meaningful level on the business whatsoever.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: I think we're assuming some pricing in that model. I don't think we're – I would say, we're being fairly conservative in what we expect to be able to gain in terms of revenue. This is, I think for us very importantly, and strategically this is a build opportunity that the government really has put out there in front of us. And so in my mind, at this point I'm much more focused on capitalizing on this opportunity and investing heavily behind driving both awareness for consumers and incentive for merchants to get signed up. There's only a very fractional amount of the merchant community in India that is enabled today to be able to accept electronic or digitized payments, and we want to try to get that number up as much as we possibly can. So I think when you consider the economics of the investments we'll make in India, plus a fairly conservative pricing, it's certainly not going to be a market in this fiscal year that's going to drive a lot of profit for us. But I think, it's a great year for us to make sure that we do everything we can in one of the two largest population countries in the world to get as good a position as we can to help us over the next decade.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: So I think, Ken, Europe is almost a number of different segments in and of itself. I mean, the Europe for us right now is hugely dominated by the UK where we have most of the debit market taken up. Then there's four or five other markets across the EU where we have a reasonable amount of business. And then there's a number of big economies, certainly Germany being one example, where it's still a heavy cash society, where I think we've got a lot of opportunity in the medium to longer term to see more of commerce digitized or in some form of electronic form. Europe is also different than the United States in terms of processing, where there are in certain markets domestic processing schemes. And we've got a strategy to try to win more processing volume in Europe as well. So we're engaging, I would say, hopefully, what I believe to be a thoughtful segmented approach with different issuers and different acquirers on a country-by-country basis because each of these countries is different, and having spent most of my life as an issuer on the issuing side of the business, I know full well that the issuing business is really a local consumer business, and you've got to figure out the right strategy on a market-by-market basis. So we're not going to have kind of a pan-European strategy. It's really going to be a market-by-market strategy within Europe.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: On the latter, Lisa, I think I maybe shorthanded it, but I did say that we're working with all the pays, and so it's all of those pays. And we're in different stages of relationship with all of them. But obviously they're increasingly important people in the payments ecosystem as mobile devices become an important form factor in the digital world. So absolutely we're working with them. Look, I think there's a lot of vectors for growth for Visa, and the whole commercial space and disbursement of different kinds and business-to-business kinds of payments are very much on our radar screen. We have a group of people headed by a very senior person who's dedicated to this space now. We're not as strong a player as we'd like to be, but we are stacked up and spending a lot of time on this issue. And it's something that we do want to get a stronger position in the whole commercial and B2B space.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Well, in terms of the latter question first, I think either in mine or Vasant's remarks, we talked about the fact that a lot of our issuer volume in Visa Europe is under contract. So we actually bought Visa Europe at a time where we've got a pretty good book of business that's going to be with us for a while. I mean, that said, as I said in my remarks, I'm very, very much a client-focused person, and we're going to work hard with every single one of our clients in Europe as well as around the world. But we do have a lot of good long-term relationships locked up. In terms of PayPal, I'd say that everything is progressing as planned. Our issuer clients who are very important to us, obviously, are engaged with PayPal, and they're working to migrate customers off of ACH back onto their cards. PayPal has been executing marketing campaigns and changes in their user experience to make it much easier for Visa card holders to pay with their Visa card, and to make it their default payment option.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Well, we think of Visa Checkout as a platform, and it's all part of us trying to make sure that we're a leader in terms of bringing potential solutions to the marketplace. We feel very good about the fact that we now are up to 18 million users signed up for Visa Checkout. It happens to also be a very active base of customers in terms of usage of Visa Checkout. We are facilitating more of our issuer clients to put their products side-by-side, embedded within Visa Checkout. And at this stage, the pays are out there obviously doing their thing as well, and we're going to continue to work with them. I think it's too early to tell how all of this is going to shake out. My personal view is that there are too many wallets out there. Consumers are not going to ultimately want to have 50 wallets, and we're not necessarily anxious to be in the wallet business per se, but we're anxious to take advantage of us being a trusted acceptance mark in the payments eco-space, and want to be able to make sure that we're taking a leading position in establishing Visa as a trusted mark, and as an important partner to our issuers in terms of them trying to establish as much volume as they can get in the digital space.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: Jim, I think, it's too early to tell. I mean, we're barely two weeks into this presidency. And while the President has been active with executive orders, I think that as things start to settle down and we get into more specific policies and his cabinet is confirmed and in place and the legislature gets going, I think it remains to be seen what happens. I will tell you this, that we have a world-class group of government relations people who are already fully engaged as much as we can in the relevant conversations in Washington. But I think there's things that relate to trade, relate to taxes, all of which could play into our business. But I honestly just think it's too early to start to speculate. And we're certainly not building anything into our plans positively or negatively for that matter related to any policies that might come out. But I can assure you that we're watching it very closely.
Alfred F. Kelly, Jr.: So I've talked to regulators in both very developed markets as well as regulators in developing and emerging markets, and I think the content and tenor of the conversations is a bit different depending upon who you talk to. I mean, there are governments around the world who very much are seeking a close partnership with us. Their desire is learning how they can be helped in moving to a much more of a cashless society, how they can get many more of the people in their countries actually engaged in the financial system, how there could be greater financial literacy. And so in those particular cases, I would say that we're trying to take a very active role, and in some cases a very proactive role, in helping shape how the government thinks about what steps they ought to take. Including, by the way, in some cases working with governments to have them be a role model by making sure that they are moving away from paper in favor of a digitized world. So for example, in Egypt, instead of vouchers being handed out, giving people prepaid cards so that they could in fact begin to start to have an experience with plastic. And what that does is it automatically starts setting up and incenting a whole merchant network to get built out as these people have to have a place to go, be able to spend their money that's on these prepaid cards, and merchants in this particular example who are involved in food and beverage, for instance, want to be able to get their fair share of that volume so they're very quickly incented to get to a point where they can accept plastic and be signed up as a merchant. In more developed countries, there are countries where the ship has sailed, and they've made decision on interchange as an example. Probably Australia and Europe being two real examples there where, I think, now it's just a matter of what does that mean and how does that play out for issuers and consumers in those markets. I think, there are countries that I've talked to where there's pressure on both sides of, say, the finance ministers in countries where some of the merchant coalitions want to see lower interchange, but in markets, for example, where reward propositions are big on plastic, or on whatever form of payment vehicle it is, the consumer is going to get hurt in terms of those programs if interchange is lowered, because it's a two-sided market. The economics have to – there's only so much economics, and people will do what they'll have to do to make sure that they stay economically viable. So I think there's a number of markets where truthfully the government is trying to stay out of it and kind of let the free market system take over. And I think, in general, there's markets where the regulators are taking a very, very active role and in other cases I think a much more passive role. Again, often quite different depending on the specific country we're talking about.
