Jack Carsky: Thanks, Christine. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Visa, Inc.’s fiscal second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining us today are Al Kelly, Visa’s CEO; and Vasant Prabhu, Visa’s Chief Financial Officer. This call is currently being webcast over the Internet and is accessible on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.investor.visa.com. A replay of the webcast will be archived on our site for 90 days. A PowerPoint deck containing the financial and statistical highlights of today’s call have been posted to our IR website. Let me also remind you this presentation may include forward-looking statements. These statements aren’t guarantees of future performance, and our actual results could materially differ as a result of a variety of factors. Additional information concerning those factors is available on our most recent reports on Forms 10-K and Q, which you can find on the SEC’s website and in the Investor Relations section of Visa’s website. For historical non-GAAP pro forma related financial information disclosed in this call, related GAAP measures and other information required by Reg G of the SEC are available in the financial and statistical summary accompanying today’s press release. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Al.
Jack Carsky: Well, on the first point, we do our best to try to estimate these client incentives. We’re in essence having to estimate 3 different things. One is the timing of when deals are going to happen; number two, what are going to be the terms of those deals once they’re finally negotiated; and then number three, what are – once those deals are taking place, what – the actual volume performance is going to be. So it’s relatively tricky stuff. That said, I think not only did we see some of the renewals we expected to happen in Q2 dip into Q – into the second half of the year. The other point is the one that Vasant made in his prepared remarks about the rebates being replaced by incentives in Europe. It’s just – there’s a lot of accounts, and it’s simply taking us longer to get through all of the various work getting through the clients getting negotiated, getting through lawyers on both sides just playing it simple, taking longer than we thought. I’ll let Vasant deal with this FASB question.
Jack Carsky: Well, Lisa, I think you know it’s a little early to tell how exactly the PSD2 is going to play out. We’re obviously engaged in talking to the regulators, talking to our clients and obviously having our own internal discussions about how things could play out. We’ve been working with the regulators to make sure that the authentication process is done in a – with some pragmatic elements on it in terms of where you need – where you can use normal kind of risk authorization tools and techniques versus having two different forms of authentication, but where exactly it plays out is too early – I think it’s a little too early to tell. As relates to balance the regulation in Europe, we’re continuing to make sure that we’re complying properly with the breakup of scheme and processor. It’s being perfectly blunt about it. It’s a bit of a cultural challenge and that we’re being forced to separate people and organizations that were accustomed for years to working together. But we’re obviously doing everything that we need to do to make sure we comply. And then broader regulation around the world, we’re tracking very carefully. Probably the most relevant recent news came out of Argentina, where they have regulated interchange effective now at a 200 bps for credit, 100 bps for debit, but it will slide down over the next five years and land at 130 credit and 60 on debit.
Jack Carsky: Well, we would have expected sometime over the last couple of weeks to have gotten clarity. There was supposed to be clarity no later than the end of March on kind of the next chapter of regulation or guidance in terms of how things would have to go forward. And there hasn’t been, and we’ve been told that it will be delayed likely into early May. So we’re right now continuing to make sure that we put as much emphasis as we can on growing the number of acceptance points throughout India, both kind of a traditional POS as well as using mVisa side and QR codes. And we made tremendous progress with merchant acceptance point up 50% in the country from November 8th until the end of the quarter. And it’s still obviously very small compared to what it could be and will be relative to the population of India, but it certainly is a very healthy start from where we were in November. So we’ll know more in May, but we’re operating now under the pricing that’s exists out there, which is 75 basis points, 40 basis points and 30 basis points depending upon the size of the transaction.
Jack Carsky: Thanks Chris. Thank you all for joining us today. If anybody has additional follow-up questions feel free to give myself or Joon or Victoria a call. Thanks again for joining.
Al Kelly: Bob, it’s Al. I would say number one, it’s fairly healthy economies around the world where [indiscernible] in every quarter get fortunate where – when you look across the globe, you see fairly robust growth and that’s what we had seen. I think I had said in the first quarter that we saw that with the exception of Brazil. Brazil was not terrific, but that are in the second quarter. I think the second thing is the fact that we saw more of the client incentives that we expected to happen in the second quarter are going to move to later in the year. So those will be the two things I’d point out. And then of course, cross-border growth has continued to stay very robust. As you saw, we’ve had now three quarters in a row where cross-border has been in the double-digit range especially strong has been U.S. cross-border, both issued and the acquired holding up pretty well. And that, as you know, is a good business for us. So again it’s strength of global economies.
Al Kelly: Well I mean as we told you before we are very happy with how Visa Europe has come along post the closing of the acquisition in June. In general it is tracking at or above our expectations whether it’s revenue or accretion. Cross-border business certainly has been strong in Europe, payment volumes have been somewhat higher than where they were around the time when we closed on the acquisition. Our yields have been heading in the right direction most of the expense actions relating to consultation process are completed they are now working on the technology integration. So on all fronts Visa Europe is performing pretty much at or above our expectations.
Al Kelly: Well I think on the expense side we’re about two thirds of the way through what we want to do. On the revenue side we’re probably a little bit behind where we had hoped to be a taking a bit longer than we had hoped to kind of work our way through the deals that have to be reconstituted. We got some very good momentum going now, so I’m certainly hoping that the pace is going to pick up here in the third quarter and into the into the fourth quarter. But obviously if we bring on a good amount of those deals in Q3 and Q4 it’s going to create a good run rate for us going into fiscal 2018.
Al Kelly: Well I think that – I’ll answer the second half of your question first and I’ll let Vasant talk about the first part of your question. Well we’re going to – my view is that to the degree that we have good opportunities to invest in future growth whether that’s organic or acquisitions, we’re going to do that. And that’s going to be the first use of capital always for us. And from my vantage point if that means that for a period we’re investing a little bit of our margin to promote growth because we think we’ve got an abundance of good ideas. We’re going to go ahead and do that.  That said it is a high leverage business in the next 1,000, 10,000 transactions we don’t really add much cost until we reach a point we got to hang another server up in our data center and we got a cost associated with that. We have very strong operating leverage in the business. And so to the degree that revenue continue to grow, the reality is that and the revenue has grown higher than our expenses because of our leverage the margin would naturally run up. But that doesn’t mean we’re just going to sit by idly and have that happen. What ends up happening is going to be a result of decisions we make relative to the investment opportunities that are presented in front of us around the world.
Al Kelly: Well, on China I’m not going to talk about what we think might be the best path forward. It just became very clear to me as I talk to government officials, that even if at this moment, we had our ducks completely in a row and knew exactly how we wanted to proceed in terms of filing for domestic license it just is a very complicated review process. And in fact not all of the necessary steps are actually memorialized. One of the things that I found out is that hopefully the Chinese government by the end of the second quarter is going to publish a set of more clarifying rules about international entities and what would be required to submit for a license. So this is Sanjay, I think it has been communicated in the past. This is a long term play. But I think we have to be patient because this is in a country of 13 million or 130 million people, it’s almost 1.4 billion people and it’s just simply going to take time. I think in the short to medium term, the reality is that the insistence, what’s an increasingly insistence on the part of the government for issuers to move away from the dual co-badge cards is in fact going to impact us in a negative way. It will impact us more meaningfully purchase volume, but we’re going to see some impact on revenue. That said, we still expect that many of our partners are continuing to – as we know as come up instead of obviously renewing with dual-badge cards, they’re renewing card a CUP card and a Visa card to facilitate international travel. So we still believe that cross-border traffic from Chinese citizens traveling outside of China will continue to be quite good. Turning to India, again, I think this is a longer-term play, but it’s a longer-term play that’s right now got real wind at its back. And we’re investing and we’ve made it clear to our folks on the ground in India that we’re behind them and we’ll invest what’s necessary to take advantage of the wind at our backs right now. In terms of how big this is, I think there’s a number of things that we have to watch. we’ll have to see where the actual pricing actually nets out when we get the final words from the regulators, so that it’s – make sure it’s attractive enough. We’ll have to see how the government in India continues or doesn’t continue to have this sustained push behind the efforts here. But right now and until circumstances dictate that we should do otherwise we’re full steam ahead in trying to drive coverage, build awareness relative to mVisa and our app and trying to drive as many through marketing, drive as many Indian citizens into this world of using their mobile phone to transact for the purchases at least for their everyday goods and items.
Al Kelly: The only thing I wanted to add is it is difficult to tell. I mean the banks have been somewhat resistant to make this change, which has been a good thing for us. It’s just that there is a bit of a push on them more recently. And I heard that from a number of Chinese bank executives when I was over there. But how quickly it moves is hard to tell. It’s also just hard to tell what we’ll happen with single Visa card issuance in essence a companion card to China Union Pay Card. And what does any impact that has on the cross-border volume which is, in many ways for us right now, the more important volume.
Al Kelly: And as it relates to incentives, I would say that it’s primarily timing, because most of the impact is on deals that are not done yet. So the terms are still not fully set, and obviously the volumes haven’t started to take hold. it truly is kind of the $0.03 impact of timing that Vasant referenced in his remarks. 
Al Kelly: Definitely, they lived up to the spirit of what we want, and it’s a process that we’re going through. But we feel good about the early days, and it’s a ramp over time, and we’ll see. But we feel good that we’re ramping in the right direction.
Al Kelly: I think that we’re in process. I think I said earlier, we’re a little bit further behind than we thought we might be. But put it simply when you go get to each of these clients, have the discussions that are usually multiple discussions, and then getting it lawyered up, et cetera is taking a little bit longer than we thought. And so we still have a good amount of work ahead of us in the second half of the year. And that’s why there’s the impact that we talked about on clients incentives move timing being kind of what our estimate is of the $0.03.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah, on the FASB side, yes, there are new revenue recognition standards. I think you’ve heard us say that there’s no real economic impact from it. We are working to clarify how those standards are applying to us. We are working through what that impact on us might be. There are two possible places in which there could be changes in the reporting. One is what is classified under client incentives versus what is classified under expenses, and then how certain kinds of payments are amortized on client incentive contracts. Once again, as we go through that and we get clarity from the SEC and the FASB on a couple of open items, they will be able to do all the work and give you some sense of it. But at this stage, that’s where things stand.
Vasant Prabhu: On the second party of your question, where there is pockets of good potential? Our largest markets are the UK and France, and I think we look at Germany, Italy, the Nordic countries and Spain where we have a pretty good business already as well. A deadly place where I would highlight is where we think there’s specific potential. But I think we feel very good about the potential in many markets across the continent.
Vasant Prabhu: On the expense side, I mean the next set of actions is all around the technology integration. So the first thing that has to happen is technology platforms have to be harmonized. And then we can act on what we do with the technology infrastructure. And that would be, as we told you couple of years out. And on the on the client incentive side, as we get these new deals done, certainly that is one of the reasons why the expected higher rate of client incentives in the second half as this pipeline of rebates and client incentives adjustments make their way through and get done.
Vasant Prabhu: In terms of a question on near term margins, your first question, just a few things I just want to point out that I had in the prepared remarks. One is that you saw that our expense is ramping. And that ramp is partially in personnel expenses, but also as we get to the second half there is going to be a further ramp in our marketing and our technology based on some programs that’s second half based. In addition to that the Visa Europe integration costs are also ramping. So there’s a set of costs that are ramping in the second half. And then the second item is client incentives have been lower than the expected. We still believe that they will be in the range we gave you earlier although it’s more likely at the lower end of the range which is higher than where they have been in the first half. So when you put that all together, it gives you a sense of where margins are likely to be in the second half.
Vasant Prabhu: I’ll take the tax rate. I’m sure Al will add something on the cross-border side in China. On the tax rate I did say that we get a part year benefit from the reorganization we did in Europe, which is about 50 basis points this year. And we will get an additional 100 basis points on top of that next year with a full-year benefit of what we did. As it relates to the dual-branded cards in China, we have incorporated that in our sort of thinking as we look ahead into the second half of the year. It is just something to be monitored. It is not that easy to predict. But we are seeing that the payment volume on these cards is declining as they come up for renewal and they’re being renewed with, as Al said, the single currency card, which do then pick up some of the cross-border volume. I don’t know Al, if you want to add.
Vasant Prabhu: I’ll take U.S. debit real quick. The adjustment as you know, the leap year has an impact on it. And so that’s one factor. Interlink, we have that lapping effect from something we – a significant win we had in the fourth quarter of 2015, that continues for I guess another couple of quarters. In addition to that, we had a few a certain amount of volume going away from us. So that was an additional factor. And then there was a small impact from some effects in February around delayed tax refunds going to people. So debit was in general a little softer this quarter than credit was. There’s an ongoing shift in from credit to debit in the U.S. market. That’s been going on for a while. So that’s a range of factors, other than that, things have been pretty stable in the debit market.
Vasant Prabhu: So dual-branded card can be used within China, and it can be used outside China. It’s CUP that processes the transaction in China. It’s Visa that processes transactions outside China. When you we use the dual-branded card, if the cross-border – if the new CUP card that’s issued is used outside China, then we would lose the transaction. But we’ve working very hard with our issuers to have them issue the so-called single currency card, which as Al described as companion card, which we would like Chinese travelers to use when they leave China. And when they do that, we pick up that cross-border transaction too, but it’s hard to know how much of that will stay with us. As it relates to the domestic volumes, there’s a small amount of revenue we make on domestic volume. When we lose that domestic volume when the cards no longer are dual branded and usable in China, we lose a small amount of revenue.
Vasant Prabhu: So I’ll take the personnel costs and the other one too. On the personal costs, yes, client – I mean, incentive accruals were higher based on performance. And that there’s a certain amount of catchup you have to do when you make adjustments for the entire first half. So that’s a big component of it. There’s always some pluses and minuses there. Certain FICA related costs start hitting you in the first calendar quarter of every year. Of course, our first – our second fiscal quarter is the first calendar quarter. So there’s an element of seasonality as well as increase in some of those costs. So it’s one big item which is incentive accruals and a variety of other smaller items. But in general, we told you that our costs will ramp through the year as certain costs pick up through the year. And some of that is built into what you saw in the second quarter, and some of that will continue. And incentive accruals will stay higher through the back half of the year too, based on what our performance has been, assuming it stays at levels we’ve had. The other question was…. 
Vasant Prabhu: [Indiscernible] look, it’s early to tell. You make assumptions on what’s going to happen. And clearly, some things are already looking like they’ll be in 2018, which we have factored into our thinking. But if you could more move into 2018? It’s too early to tell.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes I don’t know if your second question is also about Europe. But as you’ve said, as we’ve said, I mean we indicated a while ago that we don’t really talk about pricing actions we’ve taken in any particular market. We sometimes talk about U.S. pricing actions because they are fairly visible to everyone. So we really – but those of you talk to people in Europe will get a sense of what is going on in that market. So from a price standpoint, there have been some actions taken and our yields our, we think, headed in a direction that you expect it to have them go. So that was as it relates to pricing. In terms of the process of replacing rebates with incentives, as we’ve said several times, there are contracts in place, and these volumes are under contract. What we’re trying to do is to make sure that these contracts are commercially competitive in a world where the issuers with whom these contracts have been done prior to the sale of Visa Europe when they were owners of Visa Europe, are still competitive. Because when they were owners of Visa Europe, are still competitive. Because when they were owners, they got a payment called rebates, which was more of an ownership payment. As those payments go away, we want to make sure that Visa commercial arrangements from a commercial standing remain competitive, so that when they come up for renewal, we have competitive pricing. So the contracts are in place. It’s really the commercial terms that are being modified.
Vasant Prabhu: Well it’s too early for us to give you anything precise about next year. As you know, these things are best talked about in ranges. But we’ve given you our best sense of what the range is likely to be this year and I believe that gives sense of what the range is likely to be this year and I believe Jack has told me that the ranges we’ve given in the past, while one quarter or another, we may be below the range, perhaps one of these quarters will be above the range. We generally end up being in the range for the year. And that’s our best sense of where the current range is for client incentives as a percent of gross revenues. Beyond that, it’s too early to talk about 2018. We can tell you more about it as we get closer to the end of the year. 
