Vasant Prabhu: Yes. Clearly, I mean, there's a variety of factors at play here. First, there has been a general shift in consumer preferences. You've heard this from other people, to move away from goods to experiences, and travel is very much a beneficiary of that. It's not just cross-border travel. As Al said in his remarks, it's all travel, including domestic travel. So, it's a pretty broad-based desire to travel. The second is people are keen to travel. So, as soon as restrictions are lifted, you see the reactions right away. In terms of where the strength is, clearly, the recovery in Asia has been quite strong. You saw how much it improved this quarter, almost 20 points, if I remember right. And it is continuing. It's happening all across Asia, except for places like China, and they're still -- it's not that easy to get in and out of Japan and Taiwan. But elsewhere, it's very strong across Asia. There's a huge amount of interest in traveling to Europe and significant interest in European traveling out of Europe. So Europe has been also recovering very fast and is indexing at pretty high levels relative to pre-COVID volumes. The other area that continues to surprise is Latin America. We told you that it was always quite high, because Latin America stayed fairly open. But in the last quarter it jumped another 20 points and is indexing in the 150 range for people traveling into Latin America. So as you look across it, this looks pretty durable. There's still recovery left to come, as you can see. Asia still was indexing well below 2019 levels. The U.S. is still below 2019 levels. So we don’t think this ends anytime soon.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. The pull forward of salary increases means that when we get to the fourth quarter of next year, we'll lap the increase that we have. So in that sense, yes, it moderates a little bit the impact on next year since some of it comes into this year. You've seen us in the past adjust based on external circumstances, and we will be monitoring trends and will stay flexible and move fast if we have to, again. That said, this is a business with tremendous long-term growth opportunities. We think the new use cases that are being developed in the new flows business and the opportunities we have across value-added services for global expansion, for deeper penetration of existing clients as well as adding new services are very significant. So we have to be keeping an eye on the long-term opportunity and not under-investing. Having said that, if times get tough, we -- as we did during the pandemic, you prioritize, you sequence things, you pace things. You don't pull back on all the investment. You just try to do it based on a new reality. So during the pandemic, for example, we scale back in certain areas like cross-border where spending on marketing or things like that wouldn't have made any difference because borders were closed. And we'll try and do things like that if we have to again.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. I mean going back to your question on whether we're seeing any slowdown in spending by lower income consumers. No, we're not. We keep looking for it because we've heard some other people say it, and we're not seeing any evidence of that. Your second question, I presume was the wealth effect on affluent consumers of what's happening in the stock market and things like that?  As Al said, I mean we're not seeing that. If anything, affluent spending has been on the rise and is one of the reasons why we've seen some of the robust growth we saw this quarter. Remember, we're lapping a very significant growth quarter last year that included sizable stimulus payments. And despite that, we had some very good growth this quarter. And a lot of that is driven by affluent consumers, by discretionary spending coming back and no evidence of a wealth effect that people are holding back.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. Capital allocation has -- approach has not changed. As we've said before, our first priority is investing in our core business. We generate a lot of free cash flow. Our first priority is to invest in what is a fabulous business we have, which has tremendous growth opportunities as we've discussed around some of the new use cases and new flows around value-added services and of course, in our core consumer payments business. After that, clearly, it's how can M&A enhance what we do, and we can do that by buying something that expands our capabilities like we've done in the past, or something that gives us new capabilities like Tink does with open banking or like Currencycloud does with the capabilities they have that are geared towards real-time FX and serving the needs of newer enterprises, the Fintechs rather than traditional companies. So, we will continue to look for things that can enhance what we have. In terms of timing and opportunities, clearly, as valuations have come back in, we've stayed disciplined when things are bubbly. We have a very strong balance sheet. We have tremendous capacity. We are definitely interested in acquisitions where the value is justified. Time will tell where the valuations in private markets get to levels that are attractive and companies have to be for sale. But clearly, M&A is an important component of our future. We have clear ideas on where we want to expand M&A-wise. And as they come up, we'll talk about it.
Vasant Prabhu: Yes. As Al said, I mean, we don't view ourselves as economic forecasters and don't want to get into that. And we've said before that we are not leading indicators. We probably coincident indicators. If there's a change in spending, we'll see it as it happens. The only area of our business where we see a little bit ahead is, as you said, in travel bookings, and those are holding up well. Whether it's cross-border bookings or domestic travel bookings, if you look at the card-not-present element of travel which is where those bookings happen; there is really no change in trend. So at least looking out 30, 60 days, which is what the lead time is on those kinds of things, there is no change in trend. Other than that, a lot of what we see is quite intuitive. There's -- as Al said, there's a shift towards discretionary purchases. There's a shift towards things people couldn't do before, during the pandemic, experiences around restaurants, entertainment and travel. As we said, while goods may not be growing as much as they were year-over-year, they're still well above the COVID -- pre-COVID trend line. So there's nothing there that is out of the ordinary at this point.
Vasant Prabhu: Yeah. I mean outbound from the US is very strong. It's been about 2019 levels now for a few, if not weeks, a couple of months. Inbound to the US, we told you was indexing in the high 80s. So it's still below 2019 levels. And we think that there's room for recovery there. What we've seen on the cross-border side is a little bit of a stair step where you have periods where there's rapid growth like you saw in April and May and we saw in October and November, when a variety of countries remove restrictions, you see a huge amount of travel happening fairly quickly. And then you see a certain amount of stabilization after that, like we saw partly because of Omicron in December and January, and we saw in March and April. As you look at the fourth quarter, most of the world is open. And so we are assuming steady improvement in travel out of Asia, steady improvement of travel into and out of Europe, improvement of travel into the US. But there are no big openings left, which is why we don't think there'll be a big stair step up in the fourth quarter. We'll wait and see. The big openings left would be China, of course, which we gave you the index. It's still very low. And there's recovery left in Japan, because letting in 20, 000 people is one-fifth of what the normal amount of people who go into Japan were. It's more like 100,000 people. So there's a few left. So the short answer is a modest recovery in the fourth quarter, and we'll see what happens.
Al Kelly: Well, thanks, Lisa. One of the terrific things about Visa Direct is that, it isn't running on a different new platform. It runs on VisaNet and, therefore, has the ability to utilize all of the same capabilities that we have on VisaNet, including those related to KYC and those related to fraud prevention. So, certainly, this is something that we're well aware of and we'll continue to watch closely. I do think that consumers value this P2P capability in very, very big ways, not just in the United States, but around the world, and I certainly expect it to be a use case that continues to grow around the world, and we'll just have to make sure that we're working closely with Zelle and other partners to make sure that we're contributing as much as we can to make sure that, that service is secure as can be, because as you know, trust is a basic underpinning of money movement in every single use case around the world.
Al Kelly: Well, thanks, Tien-Tsin. I think we're a very different company from any past recession, I guess, going back to 2008-2009 time frame. First of all, we're strong -- much stronger in debit, which tends to be the vehicle, the card of choice for people in a slowdown period. We're stronger in everyday spend categories. We're stronger in e-commerce. We benefited from this acceleration in cash utilization that happened during the pandemic. Since the last recession, we've added Europe, which is a very important part of the company today and contributes to our growth. And then as you alluded to, we've added an emphasis on value-added services and new flows. Some of those value-added services are tied to volume. So the degree that some volumes might go down, those might go down as well. But on the other hand, for volumes that we will have today that we -- that will have the opportunity to sell more value-added services than we would have in the prior recession. The last thing I would say is that it is very possible that today, people are changing what they're buying, but they're not changing how they're paying. And we fall into the latter category. And we see overall spending levels, as we talked about remaining high, and we continue to see people choosing to pay with Visa not depending on any change that they might be making in what they're buying or the baskets that they have.
Al Kelly: Well, I think open banking is in its early days, but I think that we're quite well positioned. As you well know, that the ground zero for open banking happens to be Europe. We have a very good business there. And obviously, Tink has a footprint in 18 markets in Europe. It has a single API that allows customers, primarily developers that access financial data. It has connectivity to 3,400 banks and financial institutions and greater than 10,000 developers. And we believe the thesis for us is that takes capabilities with our capabilities and our relationships will allow Tink to be stronger where it already is, and will -- with our help, we'll be able to broaden their footprint in which Tink operates. And that's certainly one of the things that we're in discussions internally with Tink, as to where we go next in the world. We also think that our infrastructure and our cyber and fraud capabilities and our capabilities related to protecting the customers' transaction at all the steps along the way is going to just help accelerate the adoption of open banking in Europe. So we're excited about the prospects of it. We think we're really well positioned. It's just going to be a matter of how quickly it takes off, but we're in good shape to the degree that it does.
Al Kelly: Well, Bryan, that's been the thesis from the beginning that we want to make sure that we generate on a sustained ongoing basis attractive revenue growth. And you're certainly correct that at some point in time, depending upon the pace at which Asia cross-border comes back and US inbound cross-border continues to come back, that will settle back into some more normal level growth rate for consumer payments. I'm not going to predict when that will be, whether that's in two quarters or six quarters or seven quarters, but it will happen at some point in time. And our expectation and aspiration has been that value-added services and new flows will grow at numbers of percentage points higher than consumer payments that will, therefore, allow us to get to sustained revenue growth rate that we think, over time, will be attractive to the investors in the company.
Al Kelly: Don, you're touching on -- there's a number of elements that impact our volumes. And we'll touch on a few of them. Affluent spenders are returning to the economy and their higher spending in restaurants and travel, among other categories. And this isn't necessarily inflation, but a mix shift. The impact of people working from home and hybrid work definitely continue to have impact on smaller tickets that are things that people buy in the mornings and at lunch time, when they're actually commuting and working in an office environment.  Certainly, small tickets, as a percentage of overall tickets, are still below pre-pandemic levels as a result. Last year, stimulus clearly drove ticket sizes up, particularly in discretionary categories, and we're kind of lapping that now. What we don't know are what level of substitutions are taking place, where people might be buying more staples and less discretionary items, but they're spending at the same level they did, or whether as some retailers have said, people are trading down from brands to private labels. But it's also difficult for us to understand consumption reduction. So, for example, consumers could be buying less fuel, but spending at the same amount or buying smaller package sizes of things like snacks and yet spending the same amount. So, I think, Don, clearly, inflation is in our numbers. And people are likely to change, making some changes on what they're buying. But as I said earlier, I think in response to Tien-Tsin's question, they're not changing how they're paying.
Al Kelly: Yes. Something that we will watch and be very thoughtful about over time. But we have -- we've got years and years of experience in pricing in the consumer payments business and we're building our sophistication in terms of pricing in our newer lines of business in new flows and value-added services. As we said many times, our philosophy is that we want to make sure that we're pricing in a way that balances all the various parties within the ecosystem and ideally stimulates more and more cash digitization and more and more money movement across our network. So, in short, we think there definitely is still more opportunity in the pricing lever.
Al Kelly: I have not heard that from any clients or partners that I have talked to. Look, I think everybody is out there wondering whether we're going to or not going to face a recession. We're certainly undeniably in a high inflation environment right now. But given that, that was really driven by a shortage of workers leading to a shortage of production of goods and services and then, you throw the Ukrainian war on top of it, which had some impacts along the way, and all of this coming off of a pandemic, there really isn't a history that provides any kind of insight into exactly what might happen here. We're continuing to do two things. One is to make sure that we're smartly investing in the future to drive our three growth levers. And as Vasant alluded to in response to a question earlier, we're being very vigilant in looking into the numbers and seeing if we see anything that requires us to be proactive in any action that we might take. But at this point, as I think we've said a few times now, the level of consumer spending up through July 21, which reported on in Vasant's remarks, have the consumer spending has remained very resilient. And for how long that will be, one, it remains to be seen. But again, I'd remind everybody that we don't have the same input costs and COGS as other businesses. And we're a company that facilitates payments. So regardless of whether people are consuming differently or substituting one good for another good, they still need to pay for it and they're utilizing our services to do that.
