Chris Suh: Yes. Hi Darrin. So let me start with the U.S. Let me start with the first part of your question, and then we'll maybe get into zoom out and talk about maybe the longer question. So in the U.S. in Q3, we did see stable drivers relative to Q2, once you adjust for leap year. That's 5% payment volumes growth in the third quarter. In the 21 days since in July, that number did tick down to 4%. Maybe I'll just sort of give you the full arc of what we're seeing. So 4%, we'll just level set on those numbers, 4% in the 21 days versus 5% in Q3. And so for that, we did stare at a lot of the drivers, the factors that impacted those three weeks. And there was a lot going on and I referenced a few of them on the call and maybe I'll expand on those a bit. First, we had a major hurricane, Hurricane Beryl, and it impacted Texas and other parts of the U.S. nearby. The second, I referenced the timing of promotional e-commerce events. Maybe I can expand on that a little bit. The timing this year was later and then e-commerce customers are billed, when the goods are shipped. And so, some of that shipping periods fell out of that 21 period. So we had a little bit of difference in the 21 day period, to the comparable year ago. And third, obviously the major tech outage that happened at the end of last week, that also had some impact. So, when we look at that, no single factor drove that one point of change from Q3, to the first part of July. But all things considered, we actually feel pretty good about the three week results. Now the second part of your question really was around sort of the low double-digits in the context of cross-border, VAS and CMS. I'll sort of back into the question. We've had consistent strong performance in VAS, over $2 billion of revenue, over 20% growth for many quarters consecutively. And we're seeing strength across the business in issuing solutions and acceptance and advisory. That's a business that we feel great about the momentum in. With our new flows business, 18% growth, as Ryan talked about, in the quarter, that's the second quarter in a row, where we're seeing growth in the teens, great execution, stable volumes, and visa direct transactions growing at a high level. As you know, that business also, quarter-to-quarter, can vary a little bit in the growth rates, as we saw in the first half of the year. But all in all, feel really good about the continued strength in that business. And then cross-border, well, cross-border, maybe I'll just zoom out a little bit and talk about cross-border and what we've seen over the course of time. If you recall, pre-pandemic, cross-border grew, travel grew in the high single-digits to low double-digits. And e-commerce, which was about a third of the business, grew into the teens, sometimes into the mid-teens. Obviously, the pandemic happened, travel really contracted, e-commerce grew faster. And since then, now post-pandemic, what we're seeing now is that e-commerce is roughly 40% of the business. And the growth rate has normalized. It's stabilized back to pre-pandemic levels. And so let's say, teens growth on e-commerce on 40% of the cross-border business. Travel after the post-pandemic run-up has normalized. It's a little hard to tell exactly where it's going to stabilize at, but we've seen high growth. We've seen it continue to normalize. But what we do know structurally, is that with e-commerce being a bigger portion of the business, that's a tail into the total cross-border growth. And so, we are confident that that will continue to be healthy relative to the domestic spend. I'll pause there and certainly if there's anything else to add, Ryan, or others, please jump in.
Chris Suh: Thanks for the question. I'll even take us back a little bit about the expectations that, we had for incentives coming into the fiscal year. As we ended fiscal '23, that was a high year for us in terms of volume of renewals, a little higher than our typical sort of normal cadence. That did impact how we thought about the incentive volumes in FY '24. And even last year, we had sort of a different growth rate in the first half and the second half of the year. And so as we looked across this year, we had a slightly lower volume of renewals this year. Obviously, year-to-date incentives have played out slightly differently, largely due to client performance, deal timing, things like that. And overall, it's been better than, as it's been lower, I guess, than what we anticipated. When we go into Q4, sort of the same trend applies. We still expect Q4 to benefit from the lapping of the high incentives that, we saw in the second half of last year, which informs, again, the growth rate that we anticipate in Q4. We don't have a lot to share about FY 2025 at this point, but we'll share plenty in the next earnings call.
Chris Suh: Hi, Tien-Tsin. Thanks for the question. Yes, we had forecasted ATS, as you know, growth to improve throughout the pace of this year from quarter-to-quarter, and we did see that. We saw ATS improve in the third quarter. Specifically in the U.S., ATS was slightly better in Q3 than in Q2. It got to basically flat year-over-year in Q3. We saw improvement in a number of categories, sequentially, restaurant, QSR fuel, telecom, utilities, insurance, to name a few. And we do anticipate in Q4 that we'll continue to see, slight improvement sequentially again. The one thing - the one watch out I'll call out is the fuel prices could impact that trajectory and so, we'll watch that closely. So yes, it is playing out as we anticipated. The pace is slightly varied from what we anticipated, but it is continuing to improve. And I think that's the important thing.
Chris Suh: Tim, to the second part of your question, maybe I'll just give you a high-level summary. I think you have sort of the pieces you called out. At a high level, when value in-kind is offered in lieu of a cash incentive, it can - it would be recognized as a contra revenue at the time that it's granted or earned, depending on the nature of the contract. And then on the other side, when the client is able to utilize that value in-kind for services from Visa, commonly in our value-added services business, that's then recognized as revenue and the associated costs are also recognized in our P&L.
Chris Suh: Yes. Well, I think I'll refer back to a little bit of a comment that we made, and we're seeing the July results. I also commented on the call that we are seeing a little bit of moderation in what I would call the lower spend band cohorts. And I think that's a little bit correlated, to some of the volume numbers that we're seeing in the quarter, related to credit versus debit. But all in all, when we look at it relative to, again, Q2 and Q3, we see it to be relatively stable once you factor in sort of the days mix with the leap year.
Chris Suh: Yes. Thanks for the question. 18% growth, as I mentioned, feel really good about the execution and the momentum in the business. It is an enormous opportunity that we have in front of us, across both our commercial business and money movement with Visa Direct. I think you're familiar with the numbers, 41% growth in the transactions and stable commercial volumes as well. I think what - this acceleration that you're referring to, we had a unique situation in Q1 where we had some onetime items that really kind of depressed the growth, reported growth in Q1. And if you look at the last couple of quarters, it's more reflective, I think, of the underlying health in the business. That said, as we saw in Q1, that growth rate can vary from quarter-to-quarter, based on deal timing and terms and one-time items like the one that impacted Q1. And so overall, I'd say at the macro level, good momentum. The underlying business is healthy, and we're continuing to see that level of growth. And the growth rate should be healthier, and should continue to grow faster than consumer payments, with some normal expected variability quarter-to-quarter.
Chris Suh: Hi, Jason, let's unpack that. You had a couple of things in there, and I just want to - I think this is important, so we'll just be super clear. For Q4, my guidance, our guidance for our Q4 adjusted net revenue would be low double-digits. And sort of the directional guidance I also gave is it would be slightly above the Q3 level that we reported, which was the 10% growth in the quarter. And so sort of take that - take those two points and I would triangulate around that. And that would still get you sort of to the math of the low end of low double-digits, as you called it, for the full year. The second point was on drivers from Q3 to Q4. I did say that payment volume, payment transactions, we anticipate Q4 to be consistent with Q3. The one exception to that is in cross-border, where I did say it'd be slightly below the Q3 levels. And that really is based on the travel circumstances and situation in Asia that we've talked about extensively, with outbound travel in Asia, in particular, being impacted and recovering slower than we anticipated at the beginning of the year. And so, those are the two variables in terms of the - to get the Q4 guidance consistent with the intent - that I communicated. And then as far as FY '25 goes, we're at the beginning end of planning, and as we always do, we'll share our expectations on '25 at the end of Q4.
Ryan McInerney: It's Ryan, Andrew. Thanks for the question. And yes, we're very excited about not only what we delivered, in terms of value-added services growth for the quarter. What we've been delivering consistently for several years now, since we shared with you all the strategy, and kind of became very purposeful about our go-to-market approach. I mean, you go back to I think it was 2021, we did about $5 billion in revenue, 2022, $6 billion. Last year was $7 billion. Like you said, we did $2.2 billion this quarter, up 23%. So I think what we've shown, is that we have delivered consistent growth quarter-after-quarter, and year-after-year in these businesses. And we're super optimistic about where we go from here. I mean, we think about the opportunities really in three different segments. The first is, we have a series of value-added services, some of which Chris outlined in his previous answer that, are very focused on enhancing value for Visa transactions. Risk products like Visa Secure, dispute tools like Visa Resolve Online, card benefits, like I mentioned in my prepared remarks. And we've - that has historically been the largest part of our value-added services business. And we've shown that we can drive great growth in that area. Increasingly, we're building out a set of services that add value for non-Visa transactions. We've done some things in this space before. Some of our platforms like CyberSource, Authorize.Net, Verifi. But then you've heard me talk in the last couple of quarters about expanding our risk capabilities. For example, to not just other card networks, but also to RFCP and account-to-account services. And I mentioned the great results we've had in both the U.K. and in Argentina on that front. And then the third area of opportunity for us, is expanding our value-added services beyond payments. Historically, we've had things like Visa Consulting and Analytics and our marketing services And some of the open banking services delivered by Tink, but we're continuing to build out a portfolio of value-added services, for our clients and partners beyond payments things like the cyber protection capabilities that we've been bringing to market. So, we've demonstrated consistent growth. We believe we'll be able to continue to demonstrate consistent growth. We've got a product pipeline, and a go-to-market approach all over the world with a diverse set of clients, and we feel good about the opportunity.
Ryan McInerney: Yes Ken, it's Ryan. On the second part of your question, our ability to price for value is a function of the value that we bring to the market, and we feel great about the value that we're bringing to the market. And I think you see it in our results. Across the various different areas of issuing solutions, Acceptance Solutions, Risk & Identity Solutions, Advisory. I mean, we just continue to bring products and services that are ultimately, helping our clients grow their business, helping our clients reduce fraud, grow authorizations, those types of things. And we believe we'll continue to do that, and we believe we'll be able to continue to price for value. As I think I was saying earlier, there is - the biggest portion of our value-added services, are a function of Visa transactions. And so obviously, Visa transactions, as they go up or down, have an impact on that, but so does our ability to sell more services. On previous calls, I've talked about the fact that we still have the majority of our clients that have yet to have the type of penetration and depth that, we've been able to achieve with others. So, as we continue to penetrate our clients, all around the world in the various markets that we deliver, as I was saying earlier, to the earlier question, I'm very optimistic about our ability to continue to grow this business as we have.
Ryan McInerney: I mean, yes, maybe just back up first in the big picture of things. The fact that outside of the United States, eight out of 10 of all the Visa face-to-face transactions around the entire planet are Tap to Pay now, I mean, that just tells you right there that it's all segments, all demographics, all use cases, all product types. I mean, we're at 80% overall around the world. We've got, I think, more than 55 countries that are now more than 90% contactless penetration. So increasingly, in most countries for most customers, for most products all around the world, that's just the default way that people are paying. And in the U.S., the curve is maturing exactly how we'd expect it based on what we've seen in 100-plus countries all around the world. As I said in my prepared remarks, now one out of every two transactions in the U.S. are taps. In a place like New York City, where many of you on the call spend time, we're above 75% now. So in New York City, where - which is one of the early adopters of transit, we're above, I think, 75%-plus of all face-to-face transactions. That's up from just 50% two years ago. So again, at that level of penetration in a market the size of New York City, it's across the board in terms of products and issuers, and segments and the like. So, I think as we continue to see this growth happen, buyers, sellers, they love tapping as a way to pay. And we're going to continue to see that growth accelerate in a place like the U.S.
Ryan McInerney: Hi, Will. Thanks for the question. And you're asking about the MDL litigation. I guess I'll just back up. The first thing I would say is we strongly disagree with the judge's decision. We believe the settlement was fair. We believe the settlement provided meaningful relief to all merchants. The second thing, I would say is the decision failed to take into consideration a number of things, especially the complex multisided ecosystem that we operate in. The role that - the complicated role that many different players in the ecosystem delivered. So, but having said that, we're pursuing a revised settlement. It's too early to speculate on what that settlement is. So I just - I won't do that today. But I would ask everybody to keep in mind, a settlement can occur at any point before, during, or even after the trial. So just keep that in mind as the process plays out.
Ryan McInerney: Let me just give a little context on it and then Chris, feel free to add or correct. Like Chris said, we're three weeks into the quarter. We had a hurricane. We had a tech outage across the country. We had a number of things happen. So, we're not kind of taking three weeks as a trend. We'll see kind of how things progress from here, in just terms kind of what happens for the rest of the quarter. I don't know if you want to talk about the credit-debit divergence.
Ryan McInerney: And just to build on Chris' points, I think we're in the very early stages of Visa Direct growth. We spent many, many years investing and building the platform, the infrastructure, the connectivity, domestic cross-border, working with issuers and acquirers and processors. And now we're able to be out there selling all around the world, finding new use cases, some of which I highlighted in my prepared remarks. You go back to 2019, we did 2 billion Visa Direct transactions. We did 2.6 billion transactions this quarter. So this is just another great example of, when we go and we systematically identify the need in the market, we spend the time, we build the infrastructure. We build 8.5 billion end points, the connectivity, the reliability, the security, the fraud capabilities. I just think we're in the very early stages of what we're going to see, in terms of the growth of this business and the number of use cases and partners, many of which I highlighted in my prepared remarks that, are going to want to build their use cases on this platform.
Ryan McInerney: Yes. I'll take both of them. On the first one, we're still in the early evolution of the use cases. I mean, we weren't even talking about earned wage access a couple of years ago, Sanjay. And so as we've got - I think we've got 65 or so use cases now on the platform, our teams are finding new use cases all the time. So I think we're continuing to see the evolution of all of that and the economics of all that will play out. What I would point you back to, is what I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the tremendous success we're having in cross-border. We've had great success in selling new use cases, and driving cross-border transaction growth in Visa Direct. As you know, the yields are higher in cross-border, given the value that we add. So again, feel good about all of that. Listen, I want to just emphasize in terms of Reg II, the e-commerce debit market is a very competitive market, and is going to be competitive for as far as we can see. So while Chris noted, I think noted that the impact has remained the same, we haven't seen any change in impact, and I don't - and we're not expecting any change in impact for the fourth quarter. It is a competitive business. We are out there with clients day in and day out, helping them understand the benefits of processing transactions on Visa. And there are a lot of them, which is why we feel good so far in the evolution of Reg II, about how we've been able to grow that business. We feel great about the capabilities that a Visa data transaction offers, many of which I've talked about on these calls in the past. So we're out there, we're competing, we're selling, we're delivering our products, and we feel good about our win rate.
Ryan McInerney: Yes. Hi, Dan, thanks for the question on AI. First of all, to frame it is, we are all in on gen AI at Visa as we've been all in on predictive AI, for more than a decade. We're applying it in two broad-based different ways. One is, sort of adopting across the company to drive productivity, and we're seeing real results there. We're seeing great results, great adoption, great productivity increases from technology, to accounting to sales all across the company. The second is applying generative AI to enhance the entire payment ecosystem. And to the latter part of your question, absolutely. I guess I'd give you one set of examples or some of the risk tools and capabilities that we've been deploying in the market. I mentioned the risk products that we're using on RTP and account-to-account payments. That is an opportunity to reduce fraud, both for merchants and for issuers. I think I mentioned on a previous call, we have our Visa Provisioning Intelligence Service, which is using artificial intelligence to help predict token provisioning fraud before it happens. That also is a benefit to both issuers and merchants. And the list goes on. So, we are very optimistic about the positive impact that generative AI can have, not just on our own productivity, but on our ability to help drive increased sales and lower fraud across the ecosystem.
Ryan McInerney: Okay. It was a little hard for us to hear you, Harshita, but I think I got the gist of your question around the growth algorithm for consumer payments, especially in mature markets. So as I've said before, we see more than $20 trillion of opportunity around the world. About a quarter of that is in the U.S., by the way. And that's cash, that's check, that's ACH, that's electronic transactions, that's cards that run on domestic networks and the like. And we're capturing that opportunity through a few different ways. One is continuing to expand acceptance and expand the places, where people can use cards. In the U.S., rent would be a great example. We've been having some really good success, penetrating the rent vertical. The second is making it easier to drive e-commerce growth and e-commerce transactions, which has an outsourced impact on our ability to drive growth on Visa, for those types of things. And third is just continuing to innovate with new products and services that, make our issuers want to issue Visa and consumers want to use them. We announced a full slate of new product innovations at our Visa Payments Forum this year. And those are the types of products that, we believe are going to help us win in the marketplace, and help us capture and digitize a big chunk of that opportunity on the Visa network.
