Joseph Saunders: I think that our intention is clear, and that is to affect this change in our infrastructure while at the same time reducing fees to all merchants in every category. So the variable fee reductions are obviously an offset to fixed fee. If you look at our 2012 guidance, it presumes that there will be a deterioration in our debit card revenues for the year. We said that 2012 will be the low point. So that is the net result. The net result is that we won't do as well as we have here for in the debit card business at least in 2012. Hopefully, we can grow off of what we do in 2012 to 2013. But what we have done is, in our opinion, consistent with helping to ensure that Visa will be successful in the long run, and done within the spirit, and the intention of the regulation.
Joseph Saunders: I don't think that anything that we've done is inconsistent with our commitment to our current clients. In fact, most of what we've done and the restructuring that we've done is to ensure that we can continue to serve them and we can continue to help them run profitable businesses. I think what we've done also reflects our focus on making sure that everyone in the value chain has higher expectations of what they can expect in the future and that that helps regenerate the whole, at least from a debit card point of view, it helps sustain and regenerate the whole process of electronic payments continuing to move forward. I -- what -- there was a second part of the question...
Joseph Saunders: Oh, it doesn't constrain our ability to price. I don't think that we have done anything that constraints our ability to take actions in the future that we deem to be appropriate. I think the key word here is deem to be appropriate. And right now, we don't have any intention of raising any prices in the United States. I think that we're in the position that we're comfortable with, and that's the way we're going to look at it going forward for the time being.
Joseph Saunders: And the -- well, the answer to the second question is, yes. We thought very clearly and gone very deeply into what our notions about what our competition would do. We think we have put ourselves in a position where we are more than capable of responding. We have no intention, nor do we think we have to start a race to the bottom. We do have contingency plans. We are very confident in the guidance that we gave you for 2012. And if you can remember, we withheld giving specific guidance on 2012 for quite some time. And we didn't actually say anything until after the Feb regulations came up, so that we could match what the rules said to what our plans were. We've done that. We're confident we're going to get where we said -- where we say we are going to go. I just would add to what Byron said earlier. He explained to you why 2013 might go up. I will also tell you that I think that 2012 is an extraordinarily achievable objective.
Joseph Saunders: I'll leave the financials to Byron, but as it relates to an opt out, they can opt out if they don't want to accept Visa cards.
Joseph Saunders: Yes. And let me go back and just remind everyone that this fixed fee that you're talking about is not a fee that sits on top of what merchants are paying. It is part of what we consider to be a reduction in the fees that merchants will pay.
Joseph Saunders: I think that's extraordinarily important because to mischaracterize it would be a mistake and a disservice.
Joseph Saunders: In general, we think that our clients', that our infrastructure, that our recent announcements on e-commerce and the wallet capabilities that we're developing among a number of other things put us in a very, very, very strong position, which is not to say that there won't be competition and it's not to say that we're not mindful of what other people can do. We think that we have the largest market share because we have executed better than anyone else. I think that we have shown an ability to operate in front of the market. I don't see any reason why that should change. We will be diligent in that regard, and we will be mindful of the competition. And we have thought long and hard about all of that in delivering our guidance.
Byron Pollitt: On the personnel, in particular, the expense line items, no, that would -- at least on a percentage increase, that is not the run rate. So in the personnel line in particular, a little over 55% of the year-over-year increase is due to the personnel costs associated with CyberSource, PlaySpan and Fundamo, none of which were in Q3 of the prior year. So we're -- we will have a lapping for one more quarter for CyberSource, a few more quarters for the other 2. And we will give more color on the run rate with regards to expenses in the context of our margin, operating margin, at the Q4 earnings call. No real call outs on the service fee. We were pretty pleased with the yields, which held pretty firm for -- sequentially over the 2 quarters. So from that vantage point, no call outs.
Byron Pollitt: So Byron. Let me respond to both questions. With regards to a deeper description of the impact on the 20%, I think the way we've chosen to respond to that for now is related to what we described on our last call that in preparing for a new post-Durbin environment, there are a number of ways this can play out competitively. We have run a variety of scenarios. We have used those to inform the revenue range we gave to you all at the July 6 call. And I think you all recognize that there's a lot of market reaction here yet to unfold. Strategies need to play out before we can be more descriptive about these impacts. And as they do, we will update appropriately. Having said that, we do believe that the primary impact of the Durbin legislation will be felt in 2012, and we would expect to regain some revenue growth momentum in this arena in 2013. With regards to Cielo, it was contemplated all along that Cielo would be entering in this market. It is a lower income profile, lower spend-oriented market segment, and that's a segment very different from the one that we currently occupy. And so from that vantage point, we're -- we feel that the enormous growth we're experiencing in Brazil will continue and the developments we're seeing today are not unexpected.
Byron Pollitt: Maybe the best way to respond to that, again, I'm going to elevate a little bit and describe some of the high-level baseline assumptions that we -- that informed the 2012 guidance, recognizing that on the fourth quarter earnings call, that is typically when we would provide more metrics to describe '12, and we'll see about '13. So in '12, we are projecting a global payment volume growth off of current trends adjusted for the investments we are making related to our country acceleration strategies. In U.S. debit, in particular, we do expect, as Joe mentioned, a decrease in yield. We expect to lose some routing, weighted more to PIN. We expect some volume shift from Signature to PIN. We expect much of that to play out in '12, therefore becoming part of our base in '12. And so from a revenue standpoint, by the time we run into 2013, we are benefiting from strong growth outside the United States that is accelerated, based on investments we are making in a number of key markets, to amplify the growth in those markets, and with post-Durbin impacts substantially embedded in the 2012 base, with our strategies in place and gaining more traction with each passing quarter. That is the underpinning of why we would expect to see revenue begin regaining momentum in '13.
Byron Pollitt: Yes, so with -- on the last one, it is same-store growth without question. That's the accelerator; fixed fee, all products and the 2 different strategies. So when we talked about entering into some additional merchant partnerships, trading incentives for routing preference, that is a different strategy. It's all contemplated in the guidance that we've given you for '12. But it's 2 different strategies with the network participation fee and the introduction of lower variable transaction cost being a separate pricing strategy, all contained within the guidance we gave for 2012 .
Byron Pollitt: And yes, we do. It is -- we have a sense as to the proportions. That's part of the scenarios that we have run. For competitive reasons, of course, you wouldn't expect us to be very specific on the call, so I will honor that expectation and not be.
Byron Pollitt: And I would add, Jim, that the -- when Joe said earlier the strategies in part intended to honor kind of the spirit of the new regs, this will allow merchants to begin realizing more economies of scale on the incremental transactions as they grow their volumes. And we thought that that was an important design element of the pricing structure going forward. And so the notion of introducing a fixed component, having a lower variable and then allowing the variable to be the one in play as merchants grow their volume honors one of the objectives of this regulation.
Byron Pollitt: No, all products. So the fee -- to pay the fee is -- makes you eligible to use -- to accept credit, debit, prepaid, all Visa products.
Byron Pollitt: Yes, there's some history there in the Indian market. We are absolutely going to mobile in India. But there initially, we are solving for cards that are PIN-enabled and that have standardized protocols that will allow broad-based acceptance and it addresses some historical issues in the India market. But this is in no way a substitute for mobile, which we view as a very important form factor to penetrate the vast majority of locations in India since it is very unlikely they would ever be able to support the fiber-optic infrastructure that more developed countries have developed overtime.
Byron Pollitt: The short answer is, yes, but we have researched this significantly, understand what the changes would be, have solutions to make those happen and are comfortable that this can be done in a relatively straightforward way within the timeframe contemplated.
Byron Pollitt: So I don't think there's any question. With our installed base, we have a highly, highly competitive cost position. With the data that we process, we are very well-positioned in order to add value-added services. And with regards to routing preference, given our market position, we have assumed, as I said earlier in our guidance, that some of the volume is at risk. It's contained in our guidance, more PIN and Signature, and that there is -- and our guidance assumes that there would be some conversion of Signature to PIN. So our guidance is based on those assumptions. Having said that, we feel very well-positioned to compete for transactions. The one change in the environment that we are sensitive to is that 2 unaffiliated networks need to be on those cards. And a meaningful number of our cards today are Visa branded on the front, Interlink on the back. And so we are mindful of that situation, mindful that we will -- that puts us in a different competitive position in the post-Durbin world. And those -- these -- that is the set of circumstances our strategies are aimed to address.
Byron Pollitt: Yes, well, the gasoline -- well, actually, we can get back to you on the actual impacts. We do have a phenomena that, when looking at the payment value -- payment volume trends, that once pricing gets much above, I think $3 approaching $4 a gallon, you begin seeing a switch from debit to credit. And so we're starting to see some of that, and some of that switch may come back the other way if prices drop. But largely, what we're seeing is a somewhat higher percentage on credit and debit to gasoline with no immediate trade out on other expenditures that's particularly noticeable. So that's it on gasoline, and...
Byron Pollitt: Yes, and we've made no explicit assumptions with regards to the impact of gasoline plus or minus in next year's -- with regards to next year's guidance. On United Continental, all new cards under the new plan will be issued Visa. And then the existing cards -- well, the way that we articulate this is the deal is focused on the new issuance. And we get 100% of the new issuance given the effective date of the contract going forward.
