Chris Suh: Sure. Yes, in new flows, so the underlying fundamentals of our commercial business remain sound. Commercial payment volumes grew 8% and Visa Direct transactions grew 20%. And importantly, the new flows business continues to be a growth engine for Visa. We do expect the full-year revenue growth to exceed consumer revenue growth. Now specific to your question around the first quarter, it was impacted by a couple of factors: first, the mix of business, with cross-border volume growth slowing in Q1 as travel continued to normalize; and second, the growth was also impacted by a few onetime items that happened to be larger than we might typically see in any given quarter. But all in all, we feel great about the business and the long-term growth trajectory ahead.
Chris Suh: Yes, will do. So yes, on Reg II, so as we indicated, we did see some modest impact in the U.S. Payment volumes growth in the U.S. was down about 80 basis points from Q4 to Q1. And that slowdown was primarily due to a couple of things. One is the mix of spend days, but also there were a few smaller things, a softer October and the modest impact from Reg II that we're talking about. So a couple of things. It's important to note, we've actually not seen any meaningful changes to volumes being routed away since October. So all in all, the impact is modest, really hasn't changed over the past quarter, and that's actually what we have assumed and we shared for the rest of the year. Now to your second part of your question about one-time items, I talked a little bit about the things in the U.S., Reg II and the slow October. The other place where I talked about onetime items was in the new flows business. As I said, the revenue growth was impacted by a couple of things. One, I talked about the cross-border normalization as on travel. And then secondly, there were these one-time items, and I'll give you an example of one. In the normal course of our business, we regularly true up or true down our incentive and rebates with our clients based on their reported metrics. And in the first quarter, the net impact of these adjustments ended up being larger than we might typically see in a quarter. But all in all, it's not something that gives us concern. The underlying business fundamentals remain healthy. It doesn't change our expectations for full year growth for new flows revenue, which will continue to outpace consumer revenue.
Chris Suh: Yes. Thanks, Sanjay. Yes, we did see that growth slowdown in the first week of January. And we've looked really closely at it, and it's directly correlated to the extreme cold weather that's hit in many parts of the U.S. I'll give you a few examples. For anyone in Kansas City, they know this. We went from 45 degrees in the last week of December to negative 10 in the first few weeks of January. And so no one was out and about, and we saw growth in Kansas City go from mid-single digits growing to declining mid-single digits. To take another example, in San Diego, those that are lucky enough to be there, 60 degrees, and we've seen stable mid-single-digit volume growth into January. And maybe a third example that highlights the swings that we saw, in Dallas, it was nearly 60 in the first two weeks of January and then dropped to below 20 degrees in the third week, and we saw the exact same pattern following with our card-present volumes in that third week. And so to the second part of your question, the good news is we've seen these type of weather-related patterns before. They tend to be short blips, and over the course of the quarter, tend to get smoothed back out.
Chris Suh: Yes. It is specific to Q2. I think I mentioned on the call, there were some tax matters that were resolved outside of the U.S. that brought our tax rate down in Q2 into the 16% range. That same matter also had some benefit that hit the NOI line, which also then helped the high-teens growth rate on EPS in Q2 specifically. For the full-year, it doesn't change the tax rate. It doesn't change our prior outlook for EPS growth.
Chris Suh: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. Yes, so just backing up to your point, going into Q1, you outlined the guidance that I gave. We set an expectation at that time, similar language, high to mid-single digits to high -- sorry, mid- to high single digits, and we did come in at the high end of that range, which was, again, largely benefiting from timing of incentive performance. We have a similar expectation in terms of the range of growth in Q2, but many of the variables that I talked about in terms of the half one versus half two a quarter ago, which was lapping high volatility, lapping high cross-border performance from a year ago and lapping lower incentive growth from a year ago, those, we continue to believe, hold true. And we do anticipate that growth will accelerate into the second half of the year. In terms of your question on OpEx, yes, the changes that you picked up in terms of the full year guide primarily have to do with two things. One is we're now including the impact of the acquisition of Pismo into the guide for OpEx, and there's been some slight updates based on FX, the current FX rates.
Chris Suh: Yes. Great. Thanks, James. We had a really good quarter in Q1 to start the year on our cross-border business. Cross-border volumes, as you said, was up 16%. We feel great about that; and as you click into those, e-com growth in the low teens and 19% growth in travel, with the index going from 139% to 142%. And I'll just clarify one thing you said in terms of the guidance that we had provided into the low 20s, that was related to the travel portion of that, which came in at 19% or almost 20%. I do think when understanding the composition by region of our performance, and some of this is a little repetitious but I think important to go through, looking at it region by region is helpful. In LAC, CEMEA, Europe and U.S. outbound, strong results, indexing between 145% to 170% relative to the 2019 levels; second, U.S. inbound, which up until Q4 had lagged 2019, also continued to improve in Q1 and in line with our expectations; in AP, we did see continued expansion in and out of AP but a little bit slower than we saw in Q4, and that was specific to Australia and Japan. And it's probably also worth mentioning, well, not necessarily a large number, the war in the Middle East did have some impact on the cross-border numbers as well. But again, stepping back, we feel really good about our cross-border business in total. The Q1 results were strong, 16% growth; healthy growth for both travel and e-com. And we feel good about the outlook for the rest of the year.
Chris Suh: Yes. Thanks. I'm going to break that down into two questions because, one, you said how do we feel about the revenue guide and then I think the second question implied there was on drivers. And so let me talk to those because they are a little bit different. And maybe I'll even start with the second part first, which is with drivers. We're 1 quarter into the fiscal year. It was a solid quarter, stable trends from Q4. And importantly, the consumer has remained resilient. As we look into the rest of the year, we do anticipate drivers to continue to tick up slightly in the second half of the year for two reasons: one, average ticket sizes should improve, in particular, as we lap lower ticket sizes in the second half of last year in the U.S. and we see continued inflation in certain international regions; and second, we're continuing to execute against our growth initiatives in our global markets, for example, the processing wins that we've seen in LAC that we've shared progress about previously. So that's sort of the underlying drivers. And then your first question actually was on revenue. We had a solid start for the year, a really good Q1, stable Q4 trends. Today, we've reaffirmed our full year guide on net revenue in constant dollars, and that includes the modest impact of Reg II that we talked about. So we feel good about Q1. We feel good about the outlook for the rest of the year, and we'll continue to focus on execution.
Chris Suh: Yes. Thanks, Jason. I think I answered some of the driver questions, but I'll just recap very quickly at a summary level. We're reaffirming the outlook for the full-year on drivers, second half benefiting from average ticket sizes in the U.S. and inflation in certain international regions and continuing to executing a number of our growth initiatives in global markets. Processing wins in LAC is the example that I used a minute ago. And so yes to your first question about reaffirming the guide on drivers. And then sorry, repeat your second question for me.
Chris Suh: Incentives, yes. On incentives, yes, also no change in outlook for the full year. As you know, we manage the business to net revenue growth. That's where we're focused. We've updated our guidance for the full-year and Q2 on that. And we'll continue to, like I said, focus on execution.
Ryan McInerney: Yes. Again, if I back up before I answer to the specific question about ServiceNow and partners, we're very excited about the progress that we've made on our value-added services strategy. We're excited about the momentum that we're seeing kind of in the market. We're excited to see our sales efforts really driving success and performance across issuing, acceptance, risk and identity, advisory and open banking. And it's exactly as you were saying with partners like ServiceNow. What we're finding is we can have great efforts selling to our partners directly around the world. But we're also getting a lot of demand from various different platforms that already have relationship with thousands or tens of thousands or, in some cases, more customers in any one country or region. And they're very excited to sell through our value-added services as a way of differentiating their platform and deepening relationships with their users and their customers. And so in the example of ServiceNow, they had been talking to their bank clients, and their bank clients had asked for and been interested in some of the dispute services that we provide. And so we're going to market first, as I said in my prepared remarks, with our dispute services via ServiceNow. We've got a pipeline of other products and services that we're working with them on. And we're deep in discussions with other platforms around the world about bringing our money movement solutions and our value-added services solutions as a way to differentiate their platform and add value to their users.
Ryan McInerney: Yes, thank you. As I was saying earlier, I think the strategy is really firing on all cylinders. Our execution is firing on all cylinders. The client demand remains strong. The TAMs are large, as you were saying. Last year, we generated about $7 billion in revenue in the value-added services business. I think we said in the quarter, it was a little more than $2 billion and up 20% in constant dollars. Those are great results. To get in a little bit into the details of your question, I mean, we run these businesses segment by segment. In issuing solutions, we're having great success with our network products around the world. DPS continues to have great success with clients in the U.S. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we had renewed with Bank of America. That's one of our, as you might expect, largest clients in DPS, a fantastic partner, as well as a number of the other value-added services I mentioned. In the acceptance solutions business, CyberSource continues to have great success around the world, both with their omnichannel services as well as some of the value-added services they have, like token management service and the like. Our disputes business beyond just what I mentioned earlier around ServiceNow is having great success. Verifi is really firing on all cylinders, especially as it expands outside the U.S. Our risk and identity solutions business is really proving to be very resilient and high growth, both our Advanced Authorization Platform, Visa Risk Manager, Visa Secure, all the various different products that we've been bringing to market. And then our advisory services continue to do well. I mentioned in a few of the client wins in my prepared remarks, the success we've had with our managed services platforms where we're embedding teams of Visa employees in our clients, working shoulder to shoulder with our client partners day in and day out, week in and week out, month in and month out, helping them drive their business forward. I mean, that drives revenue growth. That diversifies our revenue. But more importantly than any of that, that embeds us in the building with our clients, helping them grow their businesses, makes our core business even more sticky. So yes, it's execution, it's product pipeline, it's delivery, and we feel really good about the results. Thanks for the question.
Ryan McInerney: Listen, when I'm talking to our sales teams around the world, I'm pushing them for as much as possible and more. I mean, if you travel around the world, there are still hundreds of millions of small businesses that aren't on our network. And then you add to that, Andrew, you add to that kind of the creator economy and what's happening there. You literally can think about the acceptance opportunity in billions. So our sales teams around the world are out there working hard, getting creative, figuring out different ways around the world that we can serve those 100-plus million small and micro businesses and ultimately, 1 billion, 2 billion, 3-plus billion individuals around the world that all ultimately could become acceptors of our products as you think about things like Tap to Phone rolling out at scale. I mean, you can imagine a world where every handheld device becomes a tap acceptor, and every device is a tap to pay opportunity where we can not only penetrate further into the C2B space but the P2P space and others. So we felt really good, as you were alluding to, for the last -- I think the last several quarters, we've been 17%, 18%, 19% growth in acceptance locations. I tried, in my prepared remarks, just to give you a little bit of color of the type of things that we're out there doing with players like bKash and Caixa. And we'll be pushing hard to continue to light up all those other opportunities in emerging markets and developed markets around the world.
Ryan McInerney: So let me step back and talk a bit about how we found Pismo and then answer your question directly, Timothy. I mentioned in my prepared remarks these narratives and these priorities that we've been hearing from CEOs of banks all over the world, in the U.S. and all over the world, medium-sized, big-sized banks, which is, one, they're trying to make this transition from their legacy tech stacks to the cloud; and the second is they want to expand, especially in emerging markets where they don't have enough options of issuer processors to help them. That led us, hearing that over and over and over again, to go search the world for what we thought was the best cloud-based processor and core bank provider that we could find. And that led us to Pismo. And so while Pismo is based down in Brazil, their platform is global. Their clients today are a mix of some of the biggest and most sophisticated banks in the world as well as medium-sized banks and fintechs. So they already today have a mix of different client types. And our ambitions, our ambitions are what I said in my prepared remarks, which is we want this to be the preferred provider of banks around the world. You asked specifically about midsized banks in the U.S. for their core banking platform, the short answer is absolutely. As you think about large banks and their issuer processing capabilities not just for debit, which we have today in the U.S., but for debit, credit, prepaid, commercial, not just in the U.S. but globally, we think Pismo is absolutely a solution that our issuers could be using around the world. So yes, it is a global platform. We have global ambitions. Given the relationships that we have, the privileged relationships that we have with banks, big and small, in the U.S. and around the world, we feel good about our ability to distribute the product to them.
