Byron Pollitt: So, let me respond to that. So on currency, I'll just remind everyone, we hedge one year out on a rolling basis. So literally every month, we put hedges on, hedges come off. So we'll never be perfectly matched with regards to our foreign exchange exposure, unless literally there is no volatility whatsoever in the rate. We hedge 14 currencies, we do business in 180. The impact does include the Brazilian reais but it is more than that. It includes the Aussie dollar, the yen, the Canadian dollar.  So there are a handful of currencies that have -- that are causing this impact, not just limited to Brazil. The primary impact is revenue. There is a more modest offset in expenses. Obviously, expenses incurred in other currencies that are brought back to the U.S. dollar actually translate at a lower level. So the impact on the bottom line is moderated by the expense benefit but it doesn't moderate it all that much.
Byron Pollitt: Well, I don’t have it immediately handy, how many were new versus renewals. What I can provide is additional color is the majority of those were outside the United States with a heavy focus on the Asia-Pacific and CEMEA region. With regards to ’14, I’m not quite sure what a normal year would be, but we are giving you our guidance relative to incentives. And what I can say is that if you look at it, say from the perspective of our top 10 global clients, none of those are scheduled for exploration or renewals in the upcoming year ’14.
Byron Pollitt: Yes. It’s a metric we don’t typically look at -- so this is service fee over PV. If that’s what you’re looking at to the extent that we have been adjusting our pricing so that more of what we book ends up in data processing versus service fees as well as the case with a major U.S. bank that recently signed up for 10 years. That would impact that ratio but beyond that, I don't really have a comment. But we will look at that and see whether there is some additional insight that we can address in our future call. 
Byron Pollitt: We don't typically break it down between signature or what we refer to now as Visa Debit versus Interlink. I think the important callout here is that we are now lapping the full implementation of Durbin where we had a year where there was a significant and a permanent loss of debit share as a result of the routing. And that's now in our base and so as we begin to lap that, the debit numbers are going to look a whole lot healthier growth numbers than they did a year ago. With regards to specific reference to the affluent, I would -- as we have articulated previously, this remains an affluent led recovery. To the extent that there maybe some lift on debit, at least in the U.S. that would partially be do to a shift from credit to debit as a result of a drop in gasoline pricing. As the price of the fill up gets more within range of immediately accessible fund, it has been our -- it has been our experience that we will see some shift from credit to debit. But that’s a result of the drop in oil prices and since they are in drop mode, that something we wouldn’t surprise, if we saw at the next three [quarters].
Charlie Scharf: Sure, on Mexico, certainly and I think if you think back to the Investor Day, Bill Sheedy talked a great deal about what we believe as the opportunity outside of the United States to increasing our processing penetration. Mexico is certainly one of those markets. I've been there and we’ve had the conversation about the value that we think our processing capabilities can bring to the banks. And so we are hopeful and trying to be helpful that our processing capabilities will be useful in that marketplace. Just unrelated note on Mexico because I didn't cover it in my remarks but I do think it's an exciting thing for us. We announced today that we’ve signed an agreement with the joint venture between Grupo Bimbo, which is the largest Mexican owned baking company and Blue Label Telecoms Limited, which is a leading provider of prepaid airtime. The significance is we’ve also talked a great deal about the opportunity to increase acceptance in the markets that aren’t as developed as United States. This is an opportunity for us to work with the capacity that Bimbo has and potentially add up to a 150,000 point-of-sale terminals using their distribution capabilities. So it’s something that we are very excited about and when we think about increasing acceptance, we think about processing. It’s certainly one of the bigger opportunities for us.
Charlie Scharf: And I just wanted to add to that, what Byron said earlier, which is again, we don’t guide quarterly on incentives because we know it’s going to be lumpy and this -- while it’s a large number, not a surprise to us. And again to the extent that we are signing up people either earlier or more of them, we think those are good things. And over the course of the year, those things tend to balance out, which is why we provided the guidance that we provided for 2014.
Charlie Scharf: The only color I’d add is where you round up which is -- as we sit here today and we obviously -- we have our plans for next year and all the glorious detail that you would expect, we don't look at the distribution of those investments as being at all significantly different than we thought at investor day. It's still the same set of opportunities, the growth opportunities outside the U.S. have been hugely significant for this company. It's where the majority of the headcount growth has been over a period of time. So we would expect where we invest to look very similar as we develop the products and services that we talked about.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, so I'll just repeat what Byron said. He also said this in his opening remarks, which is that our guidance encompasses what we are seeing in September and October. And as Byron said that our guidance presumes that we do have this tepid recovery of the U.S. economy. And then what’s relative to the government, it certainly appears from our -- looking at our information that the government shutdown certainly has an impact, very hard to prove, very hard to understand exactly what the impact is. So it's more guess than anything else. And certainly to the extent that the U.S. government can get its act together on the debt limit and on the budget, we would expect that to change the trajectory of what we would see for consumer spend.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. I'll answer the question relative to in my current job conversations that we have had with issuers and our sense for the way people are thinking about it. Listen I think; first of all relative to the level of interchange, it certainly depends on where the rule ultimately comes out. When issuers first were dealing with the Durbin reduction down to $0.22, there was a lot of talk that went into people's desire to support the product and the $0.22, while people don't make much money on the product, the consumers like the product. And they still felt the need to support it and we see strong debit growth at that point. As the number drops, if the number drops significantly below that, people do have to rethink what that means. We always have to remind ourselves that we can sit around and talk about what we like and our issuers can do the same. But there are customers on the other end that are using these products. And consumers like debit cards, they like to segregate their money. They like to have control over what they spend relative to the amount of money that’s in their bank account and all of the safeguards, checks, alerts and all the things that go along with that. And forcing consumer behavior to change is a very hard and very dangerous thing to do and not one, that I think -- at least if I could tell banks take it lightly. So we’re still depending on where the numbers come out confident that the support will still be there and for some reason, people chose to look another way. There are very good prepaid products in the market place which are -- could be important drivers of their business and our business as is the case with credit cards. And we just remind ourselves, the credit card business is very different than it was 10 years ago. Credit card companies are predominantly controlled by banks that look at the entirety of the relationship. And the entirety of that relationship allows them to make credit decisions that they wouldn’t have felt comfortable making years and years ago and to the extent that they can make those credit decisions, put controls and alert some parameters around that, that consumers like, that certainly an option. So lots of things unfolding here. Obviously it depends on where the appeal turn itself up. And then just relative to network routing, I guess, the only thing I’d say on that one is, that one is very complicated. It’s not clear that the system is capable of handling that today. The system, we thought about broadly whether it’s physical devices, whether its networks, whether its acquirers, processors or anything like that. And so that one, I think we will -- we will wait and see what happens in the appeal scored and go forward from there.
Charlie Scharf: That is a good question. I would be less than accurate if I was too specific. The standards have been published. We have continued to put out some guidelines to our clients as to what fields will have to be available in releases that will come out next year, because this tokenization work requires work of acquirers and processors. And we would hope that some of these solutions would be in the marketplace by the second half of the calendar year, next year.
Charlie Scharf: Well, I think, when you show, when you are new at a company that is growing like this. It’s something that you think a lot about and you look a lot about. So, absolutely, it’s something that as I gotten here, I’ve -- I don’t know whether worry is the right word, but certainly spent a lot of time on. Listen, I don’t think that the opportunities for this company are significantly different than they were four, five years ago. In fact we believe that there are things going on in the marketplace that would suggest that that both -- that the opportunities are broader. And I am speaking out, I am not, and again I said this, I know, we are -- well, we are concerned about our quarters and we are concerned about our years. We give guidance. We understand the importance of that. But here we are talking about, our belief that this company can continue to grow for the long-term. The dynamics that exist with cash and check across the globe is a gigantic opportunity. It will take us. I know -- I don’t even know how long it will take us to actually conquer cash and check across the globe. But it’s a very, very long period of time. We also look at all the things that are going on in the world of technology that people initially get concerned about relative to our position. The majority of them we look at and believe there are hugely valuable to us. The network that we have, as I’ve said, it is really, really, really hard to duplicate what we have. A couple of people have networks like this. There always going to be niche players out there, but to tackle the global opportunity that exists in growing payments. You need to have the size and the scale that some of us have. And so this is, one of, the world’s great platform to be able do that. And I don’t feel any worse. In fact, I probably feel better about the long-term growth opportunities from a revenue perspective of the company today than when I first joined and that’s consistent with what I thought at Investor Day.
Charlie Scharf: All right. Well, we’ll just spend some time with you offline because we’ve talked a lot about and I think, I have been very, very open and honest about our need to do business somewhat differently in some parts of the world than we have done it in the past. So there is no question that the participants in the network have to do a better job of balancing out the role of the issuers, the acquirers and merchants. We have not treated them as partners as much as we possibly could, especially in the United States, again other parts of the world we get a very, very different story. And at the heart of a lot of the disagreements that we had, I -- we certainly believe that we have got the opportunity to change the nature of that relationship and that’s why we formed the group under Elizabeth Buse called Global Solution were dedicated to showing up with solutions to help them, grow their business over period of time. I have also said, this is not going to take one month, one quarter or even a couple of quarters. It is going to take a period of time. But, listen, we have the tools, we have the assets and we have the desire to do that. And it’s on us to change nature of those relationships. We started those conversations and overtime, it will be very easy to judge our success. But it’s certainly something that we are excited about because we know that we can add a great deal of value to merchant community. So, with that, I guess, I’ll just wrap up it and thank everyone for taking the time and for the effort and following our stock.
