Robert McMahon: Thanks, Doug. Yes, it came in generally in line a little better than that and we’re expecting very significant growth in FY 2020.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I would say, Doug, to build on what Mike was saying. I think we were taking a kind of a prudent approach to guidance. Obviously, if we were at that level, we’d be disappointed and something would happen in the macro economic environment that we’re not expecting. We’re not seeing anything right now that would suggest that the market conditions are getting any worse. This – that would suggest that market conditions probably would get worse and LSAG would not come back and it would continue to decline. But we’re, again, we’re at the beginning of the year there. Our – I think, we’re prudent here, but we like to believe that there’s a lot of opportunities for growth going forward.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Yes, we are still committed to being investment grade. Obviously, being ending the year at roughly a little less than one-time net debt levered. That gives us a lot of opportunity to – if the right deal were there to kind of lever up with the commitment to kind of paying back down. Now, again, we’re going to be remained financially disciplined and focused on returns, but we do have a fair amount of room there.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Yes, I’ll start and then Mike, or perhaps, Jake, if you wanted to add anything. We are expecting a modest recovery in China next year. We ended this year at roughly 1%, a large part of that being the headwinds that we’re seeing in food. We’re expecting that China to become kind of low single digits to mid high, or mid single digits, depending on kind of that food recovery. We have some – the good news is, over the last three quarters, we’ve been roughly averaging this $40 million per quarter that we talked about. So we’re on this trajectory of – in China being $160 million kind of run rate. And our expectation is that, we’ll continue to – we’re not going to speculate growth there, but be at that level next year, which will help the rest of the business grow. So we will – because we won’t have that headwind.
Robert McMahon: Yes. So it is a one-time opportunity that we have afforded ourselves. We’re moving some intangible property out of one of our acquisitions into our tax model. It’s going to require us to pay the $230 million upfront in taxes, but that’s going to be creditable to our already existing liability for our U.S. transition tax. And so it’s effectively a one-for-one kind of credit there. So it’s not an incremental cost to us over time. And what it allows us to do by putting this – it’s related to the Dako acquisition. It allows us to streamline our operational activities, as well as overtime, generate some tax benefits. That will likely happen in 2021 and beyond, so it’s part of our kind of multi-year tax planning initiatives that we’ve been talking about.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I think, Vijay, this is Bob. Just to add on to what Mike is saying. I mean, what we’re trying to do like everyone else is kind of read the tea leaves. And our best view is that, until we start seeing something different that it’s going to remain the same as it is today. And if it does rebound, that would be good. We would like that. Yes.
Robert McMahon: Yes, some of it is that and we have a full-year of the Frederick costs that are going to be built into the results in 2020 that we didn’t have. We really just had that in Q4. And obviously, Q4 is one of our strongest years of – our strongest quarter. So we get a lot of leverage there. But we feel pretty good about that. And I think we’ve demonstrated this year an ability to manage our operating expenses to continue to drive double-digit growth on the earnings side and continue to drive operating margin leverage. So I think, you should feel confident that we’ll continue to do that going forward.
Robert McMahon: …from the question earlier, in the Q&A, we felt very good about kind of where we ended up the year. We had very strong growth. And we ended up, as I mentioned, slightly above the $100 million. And as we had talked about before, there was $100 million of capacity that would be ramping up over the course of the year. Many folks have modeled kind of a $50 million number and that’s in the ballpark. And in the ramp is really dependent upon how the clinical trials go and so forth. And so, maybe I’ll turn it over to Sam, to talk about kind of some of the dynamics, but obviously, some very positive things that have happened in the market just recently.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I think Dan, this is Bob. Just to build on what Mike and Jake were saying. I think what we’ve seen is kind of the notion of the higher quality, higher volumes and our ability to provide not only instrumentation, but the consumables and the software associated with that to keep up time in the lab is really resonating with our customers. And so I think the combination of both the LSAG business and the ACG business is a true, what we think is a competitive differentiator across this, and this is a proof point for us.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Hey, Derik, one other thing that I think is probably pertinent here, it’s still early days. But when – if you recall, the launch is both at the high-end and the mid range. And what we really excited about was the potential to have a really compelling offering at the mid range, where we had not as much penetration as we did at the high-end. And while Mike was talking about our ramp to volume, Mike and Jake were talking about a ramp to volume being green for the business if you kind of parse them out. I would say the mid price or the mid value range is dark green.
Robert McMahon: Yes, yes. No, that’s a great question, Bill. So let me kind of walk you through kind of how we’re thinking about the various markets. So we would expect that the Americas would continue to kind of lead the pace with kind of high single-digit growth. Europe, probably low single-digit growth going forward, pretty consistent with kind of how we’ve seen this year kind of play out. And the rest of Asia, excluding China being in kind of in that low to mid single-digit growth. And so that’s kind of how we’re thinking about China. And China would be low to mid, yes.
Robert McMahon: …just one other thing is, we’re talking about this. If you looked at just the attach rates, we’ve got a number of programs that are driving increased attach rates. We have – we think we have a lot of room to continue to grow there. And I think the one thing that we’ve seen this year is actually, as Mark and team have offered more services and more solutions, we’re actually seeing for the instruments that we are placing actually higher value…
Robert McMahon: ...tied to the service offerings. So we’re actually being able to create more value on a per box basis, given the portfolio that we’ve been able to derive. So there’s a lot of opportunity there. Jacob talked about some of the smart alerts and so forth, but we’re building this intelligence in. But in addition, we’re actually creating more value when an instrument is sold and actually increasing the service component.
Robert McMahon: I would say, Jack, this is Bob. Our guidance doesn’t comprehend any revenue there. And even back in the original guidance, there was no material revenue in 2020.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Thanks, Doug. Let me start and then Bob will jump in on this. So I think we don’t want to overthink this one. So this is our initial guide for the year. And you’re right, it would represent, if, in fact, that was an actual growth number – our loss growth rate in a number of years. But it’s just an initial guide, as you heard earlier, you heard a lot of words as expected with upside. So, we’re going to position our initial guide with the room for upside on the plan for the year. And…
Mike McMullen: No. That’s basically flat, kind of basically flat conditions. So – and back to the question, Doug, you asked earlier, if we would see some improvement in the chemical energy that would really represent upside to our our initial guide. So we’re assuming kind of continued conditions. They’ve been challenged this year. So we’re assuming they continue into FY 2020, no change there. But if it would change the positive that would be upside to our current plan.
Mike McMullen: And I think the resilience of our model really showed in this past quarter and the full-year, which is, while chemical industry is down on the instrument side, we actually had some modest growth there when – with the aftermarket side of our business.
Mike McMullen: No, no, let me take that one. If it wasn’t clear in the script, I actually explicitly said that we’re increasingly confident on our ability to take on larger-scale acquisitions and deliver on value creation and synergies. I would not put a ceiling like that on our appetite for deals.
Mike McMullen: Yes, I think it’s really important that we define what do we mean by recovery, which mainly means continue at the flat level it’s been running for the last three quarters, about $40 million a quarter. And just to put a number on this, I believe, Bob, about 4 points of our growth in China this year was impacted by the food market.
Mike McMullen: So we fast forward, you could do the math and said, okay, it would just stays flat with what we’ve seen for the last three quarters. You’d expect that we would grow above what we’ve grown this year in China. And then to your question about the contract testing side, Jacob, I think it’s high single-digit growth there. So…
Mike McMullen: I want to see the orders first. So – and back – getting back to the earlier question about guide, that’s why we went into level we did, which was, if you go back and look at Agilent’s overall results for 2019, they really were quite strong. But the growth came from different parts of the businesses than we expected. And we’re sitting in Q2 and Q1 last year, PMIs started dropping, and you see – saw a level of conservatism in our customer-buying behavior. So we said, okay, there’s reason to believe to your point that it could actually be a different environment in 2020. Let’s not guide assuming that. Let’s just – let’s see it happen and then we’ll take up the guide appropriately and take the orders of business.
Mike McMullen: Thanks. Thanks for doing that. We thought it was really important to give the audience a view of the order activity in the quarter. We typically don’t like to plan – we typically don’t comment on that. But given the Q1 guide and some of the nuances around Lunar New Year and such, I want to let you – let the audience know that we ended the year in a strong backlog position, but the orders really exceeding the amount of revenue for the quarter. And I’d say, the quarter in orders was very similar to the quarter in terms of the revenues that you saw, which was strength in the Americas, strengthen in pharma from an end market, very strong results in ACG, DGG, cell analysis. So – and then the environmental side continues to put up really great numbers off of double-digit compares. So I think the Q4 order book was very similar in terms of pattern and areas of strength that we saw on the revenue side that I commented in my script.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Steve, to more specifically to your question on Japan, we did not see any one-time build there, that was at the end of the fiscal year. Our fiscal quarter actually was across that, that timeframe. So we saw normal growth in Japan, which actually speaks to kind of the broad-based strength that Mike was just talking about.
Mike McMullen: Yes. How about if I used the word 4+7 in that whole segment, excuse me, that whole segment of small molecule, I think it was up double-digit for us.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Dan, I think that actually played out the way we had thought during the year. Once the initial announcements were done and tendering process started, the whole market pause for us to release a good quarter. And then as we had thought would happen is the – once the winners were announced and we were actually over-indexed in those accounts, so we had already preexisting strong relationship with those customers. Then we would see this return to growth we saw it in Q3 and we saw it in Q4, and we think the – that momentum is with us as we move into 2020.
Mike McMullen: I think it’s fair to say to Jacob, there’s always, if you will, a replacement going on. Just – how much has actually been replaced. And I think we continue to see fairly high levels of aging in the installed base, which would point to perhaps somewhat of an acceleration of the replacement rate, assuming the market environment would improve. Yes.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think we won’t see the type of double-digit declines we saw this year. As Jacob mentioned on the actual volume side, the number of samples being run is up double-digit. The money has been down sharply at the central government level. We don’t expect that’s going to be the long-term situation. So right now for 2020, again, we’re just saying it’s going to be flat with the level we’ve seen for the last three quarters. That being said, our internal view is that this is kind of a mid single-digit kind of grower. It’s going to – I mean, the China market itself is going to be least 6% to 8% growth rate and this is probably about where this business could be. It won’t be at the toward double-digit growth that is seen for the past decade. That being said, you won’t see these double-digit declines that we experienced in 2019. That’s why when we talk about a modest recovery in China really is, we’re just talking about lapping the compare on the food – from the food business.
Mike McMullen: Oh, I think that comment was related to conditions we saw in 2019, that – and my comment really was, even when there’s tighter capital, which is what we saw with lower PMIs throughout this year, customers are still willing to invest when you have a solution that helps them with their bottom line, their productivity, as well as their scientific results. So what I’m saying is, there’s a path forward to getting more business, even when capital is tight.
Mike McMullen: Yes, happy to do so, Paul. And as Bob mentioned, we’ve been having – we have strong pharma results, again, this quarter. This has been kind of consistent story for Agilent over the last several years. During that period of time, we’ve been consistently growing our biopharma portion, our large molecule portion of that business double-digit. I think, a couple years ago was probably maybe about 15% of our pharma business. Now it’s up to probably north of 20% and we think that rate will continue. It’s not because the other side has been shrinking, it’s because we think we’ve been obviously investing very heavily, either through new instrument platforms, marked on some acquisitions in this area. So while we don’t have a specific percentage in mind, I would expect every time I start talking you through the coming years, you’re going to see a higher part of the – of our business in biopharma. In fact, when we come out to – at the conference again this year, we’ll probably talk more specifically about the entirety of our biopharma business. I dropped a lot of comments today about NASD and some cell analysis. So a lot of stuff ultimately comes in into a lot of us into the biopharma end market. We often think about biopharma business just being associated with LC and LCMS, but there’s a lot more to the story.
Mike McMullen: We dug into this, honestly, it’s probably worth calling. And as best we can see really was just about the strength of the business we had last year, I think it was about over 10% growth last year. So nothing really is really changing in that environment and continue to see very solid and stable funding environment. Sometimes there’s seasonality a bit with that business, but I think that’s really all we could really saw them.
Mike McMullen: I’m happy to comment on this. This is a real success story, I think of the new ads and we architect this strategy a couple of years ago. And we – I can recall, getting this question almost every year when we had an 8% or 9% print, hey, when’s it going to end? And we would say, it’s not going to end. We think that what’s going on here is really you have changing customer needs and you need to anticipate what’s going to happen and provide a new set of services and capabilities. really help them with the economics on the lab in addition to the scientific results. So today, I think this – and I hope it came through in the call script, which was we said, we really have demonstrated this new business model this year, where we can have strong growth in ACG, irrespective of whether or not the business in our new instrument side is as strong as we’d like it to be. So, as Bob said, the guide for next year, we’re quite confident in our ability to continue this high single-digit kind of growth. The services proposition we have and what we offer is really what we’re resonating with customers. You heard, Jacob commenting a little bit on some of the work that goes on between Mark’s team and Jacob’s team to develop new capabilities around our instrument platforms, which leads into a set of new revenue streams on our services side. And on the consumer side, it’s been both a story of organic growth, but also continuing to add more to the portfolio through acquisitions. So I think we’re really quite confident about our ability to continue this high single-digit growth rate really tied in also to how we’re enabling business differently on a digital perspective. So I hope it’s coming through that we’re highly confident about our – what we build and where this business is going to go in the future.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think we didn’t provide a specific number for me. But if you saw my comments, we talked about gaining market share in pathology and we’ve got a high single-digit growing business in DGG. And though a lot of today’s call has been focused on the growth rate from NASD. Pathology is the largest business in that group and it’s doing well.
Mike McMullen: Thanks, Puneet. I couldn’t have said it better myself, which is our product portfolio has never been stronger. We have had a continuing cadence of products, whether it’d be liquid chromatography, gas chromatography, LCMS, GCMS, molecular spectroscopy, the story just continues. So if there has been any softness relative to expectations in LSAG results, it’s all been some of the market environment conditions that you’ve described. And the fact that we’ve been able to continue to invest. We have invested in our field team, as well as I know, some of my competitors are pulling back their reins a bit, where we think we’re capturing share, we think we’re well positioned for – when some of these end markets start to turn to back to back to growth. We’ve seen some of these cycles before in the past. So I think the – and then I made a comment in my script about the product pipeline being full, which is what that was an indication of it. We have other projects. So we’re not going to introduce a bunch of instruments and then disappear for half a decade, you’re going to have a continuing cadence of products, new products, upgrades. So we feel like our NPI process is really humming right now.
Mike McMullen: And as I mentioned in my script, we’re very pleased with how the – we are on the early days in BioTek and Jacob, maybe just want to add a few comments. We just – we’ve had a big meeting with the field team few weeks ago, so…
Jacob Thaysen: Mike, I think you have covered a lot of it. The only thing to add there is that, we, as you mentioned, but – that we do see the growth in the QA/QC environment, maybe less in the discovery from small molecules. But we continue to expect that volume will be there and continue to increase in the small molecules going forward also.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. We – I was actually recently here in China. And clearly, the private labs are doing quite well. We see strong growth now from a different base than where we are on the government labs. But even with the government labs and certain types are – there are certain some investments going in, but not to the level that we’ve seen before. So that’s why we don’t see a lot of movements right now. We won’t.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. I mean, as Mike mentioned, we after the first 4+7 around and the winners were announced, we certainly also see we are market leader in that space and that by we have access to many of those customers out there. So we, of course, in demand from those customers also. That would be more 4+7 or more activities in that space. But generally, speaking, we feel that we have a quite good predictability in that market now.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely. I think the 88 series really resonate with the customer base. And even though, it is a muted environment, we do see that there is interest and we do see, as you know, that we have a really strong ramp to volume. But the customer really like about it is that, we continue with the highest quality and highest performance in the market, but now also with a lot of what we call smart performance in the instruments – a lot of intelligence. So with instrument actually knows what it’s doing and it can put predictive maintenance in. In fact, we put out something that’s called smart alerts now that customers are really excited about that they can get an overview over their labs and get access to what’s actually happening instruments, so they can be predictive in their expectations.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. We have – generally speaking, when we look into our refresh cycle, we do see that the market is looking at approximately 10% per year of refresh. So that also means that our instruments is out there for quite a long time. We are actively looking into that. We we do see – we actually believe that we are in the middle of a refresh cycle. It has been challenged with the overall market conditions. So we do believe actually when the market is coming back to when the PMI are starting to turn that that we would see an acceleration in that refresh cycle.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely. So I’m certainly excited about our opportunity in the cell analysis space. And what I think is that two dynamics going on. First of all, with the recent rise of immune-oncology that we first play out in [indiscernible] now in the cell analysis also. And then, of course, generally speaking, immunology, that there’s a lot of interest in that space right now. And it really requires technologies that allow for life cell analysis, both from an imaging perspective, but also measuring the activity in the life cells. And those are the technologies that we’re providing between the BioTek, the Seahorse, the ACEA and the lots of technologies. So where we really differentiate is, first of all, the seahorse and ACEA Technologies are very differentiated understanding on their own, while BioTek have a very broad portfolio, including some very excited imaging technologies. But we have not bring them together in workflow settings, where you can use basically the multi techniques to look at cell from many different angles and provide much deeper insight based on one informatics platform that nobody else can do in the market. So that I think that’s really where we differentiate versus competition.
Jacob Thaysen: And one of the things, Derik, we looked at was, we had already been working, for example, between the BioTek team and the CRS team actually have been working together prior to the acquisition. And we had proof points based on incremental business we had, which was customers really didn’t want to have independent instrumentation and data systems that really haven’t integrated software, integrating these workflows and really was – really had a differentiated value to customers, and they saw that was very important to them and they were willing to give us the business as a result.
Jacob Thaysen: That’s right. I mean, that business is one of our smaller businesses, and it can be kind of lumpy and so forth and had a very strong Q4.
Jacob Thaysen: I’ll take the last one and then I’ll turn it over to Jacob for the integration piece. So yes, we – in simple terms, we had talked about $20 million to $25 million worth of revenue. It was slightly better – it was better than that in the quarter. Going into Q1, the ACEA Biosciences acquisition moves into core. So that’s why it looks a little lower. It shows up as part of our core growth. In Q4, both ACEA and BioTek were in the M&A number.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, exactly. I think the integration couldn’t have been better so far. I think we are really spending time on learning, of course, BioTek and they spend time learning us both from what processes we’re using, but also from a cultural perspective, we continue to be very excited about the team that we’re getting on board and how they fit well with the Agilent culture. So I’m very excited. Obviously, over the next year, we’re going to integrate them. But – and – but I’m continuing to see a lot of momentum in the combined cell analysis business.
