Padraig McDonnell: These are exciting times at Agilent, with a team that is second to known, we are doubling down on our customer force culture and deepening our relationships to further enhance our market leading customer experience that is already the best in the industry. We are evolving our strategy to aggressively pursue our ambition to grow in markets where we have a right to win through both organic and inorganic growth and we will continue to accelerate value creation through strategic transformation initiatives. We remain a leader across key platforms and we're in great long-term growth markets that are beginning to show evidence of recovery. And best of all, our team is engaged, leading to Newsweek including Agilent on its America's Greatest Workplaces 2024 list. Again, thank you for joining today's call. I'm energized by how we are evolving Agilent. Each data team gains momentum in building an enduring company that sets the standard for excellence with our customers and creates value for our shareholders. We are fueled by the future possibilities and I look forward to continuing to share our progress. Parmeet, over to you for Q&A.
Padraig McDonnell: No, I think, look, we saw a decline of about 11% and that was really against the comparative feature, the stimulus in EMEA and strong results in APAC and China. And so it was a really tough compare. And I think what we're seeing is funding remains stable in most regions and except I would say Europe where we're seeing a reallocation of funding towards defense, but I would say no major changes in that market.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes, Patrick. It's a great question and we had actually seen a little of that in our Q2 of last -- just a quarter ago here really on the bid activity, primarily for instrumentation. We are optimistic about the mid-term here in terms of the stimulus. That's probably more FY 2025 event probably. But what we are seeing is more activity there and I think what's encouraging and maybe I can turn it over to Angelica as well, our services business has seen an increase in a pickup in activity and certainly we saw consumables as well. So it still dampened demand and we did see that impact in Academia & Government, that was the biggest impact in China, but we are seeing some pockets of green shoot in terms of recovery.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes, I mean in general terms, Jack, I think you know the customers are very, very cautious. But what I will say is that lab manager remain very engaged with our sales teams about future projects, that is true. We see a lot of stability in that. So it's still very challenged and I would say that, you know our deal close rate is still elevated, but our funnels are very stable with low cancellations. So I think that goes across most of the markets. And as you see going-forward, you know our results in CST and services growing mid-single digits and bodes very, very well in terms of lab activity increasing. So we're seeing slow, but steady improvement.
Padraig McDonnell: I would say if you looked at the LC and LCMS business, they were in the mid-teens, our spectroscopy business better than that.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. So, you're correct, it was declined by 5% and it was really due to the impact of overproduction in China, which negatively impacted market investments globally. But we did see increases in service and consumables, both combined at 7% increase, but there was a decrease of about 14% in instruments and I think CapEx spending remains slightly challenged there.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes, Vijay, thanks for the question. I think in terms of what we expect getting better, we expect all of them to improve next year. We raised the midpoint of guidance, $15 million on revenue and $0.03 in EPS and we see across all those areas, markets improving slowly and that's reflected in the sequential increase that we're guiding in Q4. So while we had a kind of a solid Q3, the end market environment for capital remains constrained and visibility while improving is still difficult.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. So I think what we're seeing is that it's -- we normally see the step-up, that's what we're expecting this time. We're not including the budget flush in that. If we see a budget flush, it's on top and that will be in our Q1 numbers as we go forward.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. I'll start, Tycho and I'll bring in Simon in a minute. So we are absolutely delighted with BIOVECTRA. We think it's a great asset that enhances our offerings and it really allows us to deepen our relationships with our key pharma customers. And what we're really excited about is that it builds on our capabilities on the current NASD modalities around anti-sense and particularly gene editing with microbial fermentation and ADC capability. And so we're very happy with that. So there's a lot of synergies as we bring that forward. So I'll hand over to Simon to talk maybe about capacity in the main business.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Hey, Tycho, that's -- your recollection is correct. And as we think about implied fourth quarter down mid-single digits in China, we're going up quite honestly against some easier compares in-full disclosure. And we would expect a slight sequential step-up from a revenue perspective as well. And so that reflects this steady improvement. We do expect, again, not a lot of that stimulus to come in our Q4, basically none, but more into Q5, but the bidding activity that we're seeing has ramped-up. And then I think the activity that we're seeing in services and consumables, we're expecting that to continue. It's probably too early to tell next year for China, but I would expect it to continue to improve and not be down the way it is. We're expecting a low double-digit decline this year, we would expect to improve from that and it will probably be improvement throughout the year as opposed to an immediate improvement. Certainly, the stimulus will help us with that. But again, that will be in our first and second quarters most likely, but we're not expecting a huge step-up right there. It will be overtime because this stimulus is over a three-year period.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Look, I think in general, they're very cautious, of course, with some of the impacts, the macro impacts that are facing. They're not -- there's a lot of M&A activity going on within pharma, a lot of consolidation, which of course takes time and energy for these companies to focus on. And I think what you're going to see overtime is it probably even out in terms of impact. What isn't going down, by the way, is the number of R&D programs. We see that increasing in a number of key modality areas, particularly around GLP-1, etc. So we need to wait and see, but having said that, people kind of forget in the last few years the enormous amount of spend that has happened and we're seeing that normalize now, of course in the installed-base and coming out of that in 2025.
Padraig McDonnell: So I would say, just adding to that, Bob, we saw services growing double-digits in biopharma and mid-single digits in small molecules. So that's a big component of what we see in those different modalities.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes, I think what we're seeing is Europe was a standout in Small Molecule, a lot of activity there, but probably stable across the different markets on us. And what we did see from the Small Molecule side, we did see pretty good growth in services that as well as has had that number, but I think overall Europe ahead, but everywhere else stable.
Padraig McDonnell: That's certainly a lightning round, Doug, but we'll try and we'll answer it. I think, Bob, you can take the first and the last one, I'll take China.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Look, I think, we're very close to our China team and the local team has seen an increased activity. We're seeing that improve from last quarter and for clarity, of course, we're not building any benefit from the stimulus into our Q4 guide. But what we're seeing is, we're seeing in early days, what we're hearing that the stimulus is broader in terms of its reach over a three-year period. Having said that, we are hearing that the first tranche will likely be focused on Academic & Government accounts. But again, it's early days, as it trickles down through provinces, as the mechanism of the funding goes, we'll be sure to update as we know that.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Thanks, Matt, for that question and maybe just to fill in and add some additional commentary to what Padraig was saying. When we looked at the quarter, we were very pleased actually both our Consumables business, as well as our Instrument business performed better-than-expected in the quarter. We were down 7% in total. Our Consumables business was actually up mid-single digits towards the high-end there. And our Instruments business was down low-double-digits, but that was better than what we expected. And as Padraig mentioned, we had a book-to-bill that was greater than one on the instrument side again this quarter, which was very encouraging.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey, Rachel, this is Bob. Just to add-on a little more to answer your last part of your question in terms of the sequential step-up where we had talked -- as Simon and Padraig had said, we've done a little better actually in Q3 than we expected and we're expecting a roughly $20 million step-up from Q3 to Q4. Those orders are all in-house and we're still on-track for the long -- the full-year estimate for NASD and that's incorporated into our guidance.
Bob McMahon: Yes, you were reading my mind, Rachel. This is Bob and it is a little too early to talk about FY 2025. But I think what it does show is our expectation of this continued steady improvement. We improved here in Q3, 300 basis-points sequentially. We're expecting another improvement here going into Q4. And I would expect that improvement to continue into FY 2025. So -- and we do expect -- while it's too early to give you a specific number, we do expect to grow next year. These markets will return and we've been below the long-term trend, but there's nothing to suggest that the or the long-term growth rates of these markets, there's nothing to suggest that these markets have changed and so we're optimistic about continued recovery going into FY 2025.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I think as we talked about, Patrick, it's a great question and we're committed to continuing to drive efficiencies across all of the P&L line items and I think you've seen that across the actions that we've taken. We're on track to delivering that $100 million of incremental annualized savings by the end of 2024. So there will still be a tailwind, obviously going into 2025 for that benefit. Offsetting that will be some resets of our variable pay and activities like that, but we are committed to covering that. If I think about it at the highest level, what I would expect us to continue to be able to do is drive leveraged earnings next year. And I think you're seeing that the scale benefit that we're seeing in certainly our ACG business here this last quarter, just phenomenal profit contribution and I think with volume coming back into the instrument business as well, that will set us up nicely for next year. So think about a nice incremental tailwind associated with the continued actions or the annualization of that actions that come in FY 2025, partially offset by merit in some of the activities and then we'll have our ongoing productivity measures and some -- we'll actually share some of the more detail around this probably in our Analyst Day in December. So stay-tuned on that as well.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey, Jack, just to follow-on to that. I think one of the things as we mentioned in the call, the book-to-bill being at one for instruments is a positive sign. It was slightly better than what we expected. Overall, LSAG instruments were down low-double-digit.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey, Vijay, this is Bob and just to build-on what Padraig is saying, I mean you're absolutely right. When we look at the sequential, it is in-line with our historical in our order book based on what we've seen today. Obviously, we have to book orders in Q4, but our order book trends would support that.
Bob McMahon: Yes. No, I think you're spot-on and we're not building any budget flush into our Q4, Puneet. So if that does in fact happen, that would be a benefit to our current estimate.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey, Mike, this is Bob. You're right, I mean, our small molecule business was down mid-single digits in the quarter, which was better-than-expected actually. And then in Europe, it grew, which was a very positive sign. And this does speak to -- you can only hold-on to your old instruments for so long before the replacements need to happen. We're not calling replacement cycle inflection just yet, but every quarter these instruments get older. And one of the things that I think is important here is, pill counts and volumes continue to grow. And back to the question around the IRA and the pricing, I think it was generally, you know, not the worst case scenario, maybe a little better than people expected. And where our strength is, is in the development moving into production and that continues to be long-term positive trend. So that would be our core LC franchise and then the biopharma, some of that was impacted by our NASD business, which was kind of the air pocket. Actually, if you take our biopharma business, which was down double digits and you take NASD out, we are at mid-single digits as well. Not as -- it was down a little more than small molecule, but generally still in that same range. So both of them are actually when you take out the kind of the one-time unique aspect of NASD performing better quarter-on-quarter, which is a positive sign.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey, Dan. Thanks for the question. China is still in line with our full-year end guidance down low-double-digits. If I look at where we actually performed slightly better than what we anticipated, it was actually in pharma and it gets back to what we were talking about before, the activity both on the services side performing sequentially better, as well as our consumables business actually growing. And so we were down you know close to 30% in Q2 of last year, we were down low double-digits in pharma year-on-year. And so that was the big sequential improvement in Q3 and I would expect that to continue into Q4.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey, Dan. What I would say is, we typically don't give a specific number for NASD, but it actually performed in line or slightly better than what we expected. So we had been signaling a step down in Q3 and we actually did better than what we were expecting there. The full-year is still in line with where we were, which is roughly a $300 million business. As Simon was saying, the bookings continue to be positive in terms of activity and we're starting to see some of our customers, the readouts of some of the activities, which is more a harbinger of long-term opportunity versus short-term. But you know, if anything, it was a little better than we expected. So I don't want anyone to takeaway that it wasn't -- even though it was down in the quarter, we expected that and communicated that as part of our guidance and we're still on-track for the full-year estimate that we had coming into the quarter.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I'll -- hey, Catherine, it's Bob. What I would say is, if I look at our Q4, all groups, we would expect to do better and if I went by group, LSAG would be -- we're expecting kind of low single digits off of a down 7% this year. Consumables being better than that overall and with the instrument side, still probably down slightly or would be down slightly. DGD down mid-single digits and ACG up mid-single digits towards the high-end. That's what we've embedded in our guidance. So all three of those actually performing better than where we were in Q3.
Bob McMahon: Yes. What -- and so we were down mid-single digits and as Padraig said, if you took China out, we were down low-single digits everywhere else.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Josh, on 2025 as we were saying, it's probably too early to say. But what I -- our current indication is that it's not going to snap back November 1st to be back to normal. I do think that you'll continue to see a recovery throughout FY 2025 and get back to that long-term growth rate sometime in 2025, that's the way we kind of think about it. But I don't think it's another two to three year estimate either or based on our conversations with our customers right now. So it's probably in between.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And Josh, just on the comment on mix is, when we have business on-contract, that generally is good for us and good for our customers as well.
Bob McMahon: Yes. The comment that I had on Instruments was specifically related to LSAG instruments and they were down low double-digit. Consumables was up mid-single digits for the total being down minus 7%. So that is. We do have some instrumentation in DGG as well that was down roughly the same as where LSAG was. So down 20% is way too negative. I'll turn it over to Padraig for the second one and then I can jump back into last one.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And I think just the last one real quick. It's too early. We're not going to get into what we're looking at for FY 2025 other than to say that we expect improvement throughout the year.
Simon May: Yes, I'd just echo what Padraig said, I think the Q3 performance that we saw in NASD was largely in line with expectations. And in that business, we always see a natural lag between order booking activity and revenue recognition because of the length of time that these programs take. And towards the end of last year, we were really seeing the effects of the IRA impacts and that's still not completely waned, but what we saw in Q3 was pretty strong bookings activity. So as we look to Q4 and into 2025, I think we're cautiously optimistic about seeing a return to growth there. So I'd really just characterize Q3 as in line with expectations and part and parcel of the lumpiness you see in this business. You also mentioned Helios, I think it's just worth mentioning that we were very happy to see that development, but still very early days in terms of how that's going to ramp up and play out and too soon to say where that's concerned. There's certainly no impact in the remainder of 2024 and unlikely in 2025 as well.
Simon May: Yes, I think Padraig hit many of the high notes already in terms of the synergies. We already mentioned the complete solution offering in gene editing, which we see as a really significant competitive advantage going forward. Sterile fill finish is another synergy that we're excited about. We've had a lot of request from our customers over the past few years for that capability. And from the diligence we've done with BIOVECTRA, we think they've got truly world-class capabilities there. And as Padraig also mentioned with microbial fermentation, high potency APIs, there's an existing footprint there in GLP-1 manufacturing. So I think we've got a slightly higher clinical mix in BIOVECTRA than we have in NASD. So I think we're just killing several birds with one stone with this acquisition. From a capacity perspective, I'd say BIOVECTRA has been ahead of the curve with capacity CapEx and we've got some skin to grow into there over the next few years
Simon May: Not much to add really, only beyond that, we've got a very strong existing position in the RNA modality. I'd say up until this point, it's been a relatively narrow capability position and BIOVECTRA builds on that quite nicely as we look at future optionality around complementary capabilities and modalities, we think it's a rich space and that's probably all we can say at this point.
