Michael Mcmullen: Let me take on the first question. So, when I have been out talking to the customer base, we talk to people in the pharmaceutical industry, we talk to people in the research space, whether it be in academia and in the private sector, they plan on -- they're taking a long term view of investments on purchasing our equipment, purchasing our solutions are absolutely critical for their enabling their growth plans if you will and research plans. So they're not at all distracted by the tariff discussion. As I mentioned on my last call, we have seen some cautiousness in certain aspects of the chemical energy market where they were a little bit slower to approve the deals, but still getting the deals approved. It's the same kind of situation we had last quarter, so no new changes in customer buying behavior. So this is coming directly from conversations I had with customers. So again, that gives us a lot of confidence about our outlook because despite all the noise and rhetoric out there, it really hasn't yet affected any of the actual buying behavior of customers. Obviously it's creating some work for us relative to adjusting our supply chain and production locations to mitigate the duty impact side of things, but in terms of customer buying behavior have not seen any real changes.
Michael Mcmullen: But in all seriousness, I think going back to few some of the things that Didier outlined at the AID meeting in New York, where he said listen, our pipeline and our programs are as robust as ever in terms of really allowing us to work on the operating margin incrementals.
Michael Mcmullen: Sure so happy to do so Tycho. So let's start with China. Again very important market for us and we were just delighted by the strength in the business, so if you look at the six end-markets we had strong growth in all but two and then we actually had foreshadowed this coming in our last call saying, hey we know there's some things happening relative to some realization -- ministries in the country nothing happened to us relative to the competitive side of the business. So we saw really strong, continued strong demand in Pharma, in Chemical and Energy, investments in Academia and Government hints back to some of the comments I made around tariffs. And as you may recall in our AID presentation, we talked about the opportunities we had with our CrossLab business and our DGG business, and you saw us starting to deliver on those promises with really strong double-digit growth in both of those businesses, and then relative to food and environmental we think it's a temporary situation as related to the instrument purchases. You have to keep in mind though that they will continue to buy consumables and services from us and we're just waiting to have the reorganization complete, the budgets finalized and then we know-how to follow the money where it's going to go because two things are really happening here. You've got the consolidation going on where new budgets are created, being created in a new consolidated set of ministries and then part of that money is also getting deployed to what they call tier 3 and 4 cities so we're following the money and we'll be ready to capture once it's there.
Michael Mcmullen: Oh, yeah I forgot about that so relative to the Supply Chain, as I mentioned in my script, we took some actions actually in advance of the formal announcement of the tariffs, so we've already relocated our production for China-made products into our site in Wilmington Delaware and now we're in the process of moving aspects of the Supply Chain which is also subject to the tariffs, but we've already moved the production in some of the Supply Chain.
Michael Mcmullen: So we'll be able to, we're going to try to get as much growth out of our current facility as possible and then the growth, the expansion will start to come on line in the second-half of next year. The current plan is the second-half of '19, you start to see some initial revenue is starting to ramp through the quarters, and Didier I think we put out a number of…
Michael Mcmullen: So it really gets started next year and then when you get into 20s when you get the real full year ramp and Bob and I and Didier were just in Colorado as I mentioned and had a chance to also review the progress of the facility construction and capability expansion, but also what's going on relative to perspective demand from customers, so the pipeline looks really encouraging.
Michael Mcmullen: I think its part of the mix, growing with the average. I think that's it. I wouldn't say it's an outside contribution, but solidly delivering.
Michael Mcmullen: I think we decided to stay true to the guide for last year we had and even though as Didier retire. So as Didier has mentioned in prior calls, we don't assume everything's going to be perfect in the quarter. And again, the one that could go one way or another always has been chemical energy. So if that business holds up and it has been holding up, we should be in a good position to beat that number.
Michael Mcmullen: So you're in the right range. And we actually -- Bob we're fairly aggressive because we went outright after what we saw was a dislocation in the stock price after the Q2 announcement and bought the $200 million right away and then continued anti dilutive. We obviously continue to look at that during the upcoming quarter.
Michael Mcmullen: I think I want to stay with those initial estimates. So we signaled that in the last call and released our experience. It takes a good six months or so to kind of work for these things. And I think I want to hear from my team, it's tracking along the same lines.
Michael Mcmullen: So from China to the U.S., it's a relatively small amount of Agilent's business. It's primarily the gas chromatography product line and related support parts. So it's about $100 million and that's why the 25% gives us about $25 million gross impact. And then as we mentioned, we're going to reduce that amount over time to even before pricing adjustments $9 million on an annualized basis. And then going the other direction, basically, China, we import from the U.S. the GCMS and many reagents in the chemistry that is made in the U.S. but there's no tariff at this stage. There might be in the future and we'll update you on the potential impact that it's not significant really at the end of the day. So it's about $100 million and that's why the 25% gives us about $25 million gross impact. And then as we mentioned, we're going to reduce that amount over time to even before pricing adjustments $9 million on an annualized basis. And then going the other direction, basically, China, we import from the U.S. the GCMS and many reagents in the chemistry that is made in the U.S. but there's no tariff at this stage. There might be in the future and we'll update you on the potential impact that it's not significant really at the end of the day. But that's not subject to retaliation. So basically we have a lot of our business outside of this tariff discussion.
