Ron Nersesian: Thank you, Bill and hello everyone. I have three key headlines for you regarding Keysight’s performance in Q2. First, Keysight came in at the top end of its revenue and operating profit margin guidance. Second, Keysight orders returned to growth in Q2. And third, Keysight is on track with its plans to separate from Agilent. Now, moving to the specifics, revenue of $743 million declined 2% or 1% on a core basis, while orders of $782 million were up 11% year-over-year. This resulted in a book to bill ratio of 1.05. Keysight continued to not only effectively manage gross margins and spending, but also had a favorable mix profile this quarter. Keysight generated operating profit of $148 million and an operating margin of 20% for the quarter. Looking to our end market performance, aerospace and defense revenues declined 6% year-over-year. With U.S. budget approvals in place, direct government demand has improved, while prime contractor business in the U.S. remains soft. International aerospace and defense demand was mixed but steady. Industrial computers and semiconductors revenues increased 3% year-over-year, investments in next generation semiconductor process technologies continued in the second quarter, while computer markets remains soft. Communications revenue declined 6% year-over-year. We continue to see strength in 4G base station infrastructure demand, while handset device manufacturing remains moderate. On a regional basis, we saw very good growth in Asia excluding Japan, which grew over 20% with strength across most market segments. The Americas region was down double-digits year-over-year versus the strong compare. Decline – Japan declined 12% or down 4% on a core basis, which excludes the impact of currency. Europe was essentially flat year-over-year. As I discussed during our Analyst Day in March, Keysight is transforming its product portfolio with the goal of returning to market growth rates. This quarter, we began shipping both UXM wireless test set for R&D and the EXM wireless test set for manufacturing. The EXM wireless test set won 2013 Product of the Year award from the Electronic Products China. In April, Keysight expanded its performance network analyzer series with a low price model targeted at low cost RF components used in handsets and consumer products. Keysight also introduced two high performance portable oscilloscopes deploying next generation technology. One set a new standard for signal integrity and the other set a new standard for price performance. We expect Keysight to begin operating as a subsidiary of Agilent on August 1, and to complete the spin-off in early November. As part of our journey, we are announcing today that we expect Keysight common stock to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol KEYS. In addition, at the end of this quarter we will implement an operational cut over of our IT systems. This transition requires tight coordination of our shipment and delivery plans. We are working with customers on the cut over which could cause some revenue to ship between the quarters. As Bill had said, it takes a lot of work to create two great companies from one. Along with all of the excellent internal work, we continue to focus on our customers and all of their measurement solutions needs. Turning to the outlook for Q3, we expect Keysight to return to revenue growth with revenues in the range of $720 million to $760 million. We project core growth at the midpoint to be 5% and operating margins at the midpoint to be 18.4%. For the full year, we expect revenues in the range of $2.86 billion to $3 billion, which represents 2% core growth at the midpoint. Operating margins for the full year are expected to be 18.9% at the midpoint. I’ll now turn it over to Didier to provide the details of Agilent’s overall financial results.
Ron Nersesian: The story was a little bit different in Keysight where we saw orders that were a little bit more balanced throughout the quarter. Clearly with wireless manufacturing, the orders are lumpy. And the good news is that with the wireless manufacturing and semiconductor business that we had, we achieved more orders towards the first two-thirds of the quarter and that enabled us to exceed our revenue guidance. As far as the emerging markets, Russia is the biggest wildcard that we have given that everything of that is going on over there politically. We actually had a decent quarter, but we are cautiously watching what will happen as we look in Q3. We expect our performance in Q3 in Russia to be flat and all signs so far on a local level appear to be consistent with that.
Ron Nersesian: And on the Keysight, our guidance from last quarter still stands and we had expected 5% in Q3 and then that accelerates in Q4.
Ron Nersesian: First of all, 11% order growth was driven with two main areas. As you know the wireless manufacturing business is a lumpy business and we’re very successful in that area in the base station growth as we mentioned. The second thing we talked about last quarter as well as today is in the semiconductor expansion as they move to new technologies and again that was something that also drove our business. I was pleased to see double-digit order growth in all of our major regions except Japan which is having some problems, so that is a nice point that led to our 11% growth.
Ron Nersesian: No, we’ve always seen a mix between direct government purchases and purchases by the prime contractors. As I mentioned earlier the direct government purchases has picked up but the prime purchasing has not. And if you look at the financial results of the prime contractors in the U.S. that would sort of explain it. Internationally there was no significant change there that business was roughly consistent with where it was before.
Ron Nersesian: I will jump right in and my perspective here. So the environmental and forensic business was down in Q2. The story here remains the weakness in government spending particularly in the more developed countries and economies. When I look to the second half, we are expecting to see improvement in the area as some of the government budgets are released let’s say in the U.S. So we are expecting some uptick in the second half in those areas, both at the federal and state level. But I also think the bigger driver is China as the overall global food market and the growth in the chemical energy space, our major customers are now talking about and in investing in capacity in the U.S. because of the lower feedstocks making their overall operations much more profitable. So clearly there is an element of recovery building around the environmental forensics market, but I also expect strong growth in other two larger markets.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. First of all, there was nothing pulled up to when we look at the 5% nothing was pulled into Q3 that would make that Q3 looked weaker that’s probably this components with the 5%. We’ve always assumed an economic outlook that would pick-up towards the end of the year that’s where as a low level base line and top of that’s a government which has not been purchasing very much obviously during sequestration, they finally are getting their act together on getting money out to the people that make to decisions. So we expect the government business to accelerate towards the end of the fiscal year for the government in September in the U.S. On top that our seasonally high quarter is always Q4 so Q4 is our strongest quarter and if you look at what we did last year $705 million in Q4 was a relatively low compare. So if you take a look at the low compare you look at your 780 ish million dollars in orders in Q2 we typically see Q2 and Q4 be strong against a compare of $705 million you can do the math and get there pretty quickly with any type of economic strength or slow recovery and with some new products that are coming out. I mentioned the UXM and EXM where our competitive position is very strong, it’s as strong as it has been in years in those areas but will continue to build on those.
Ron Nersesian: We, as I mentioned earlier on a broad basis that we did very well in base station infrastructure build. There is a lot of manufacturing that goes on in that area, but nothing unique in China this quarter. So, we continue to be very competitive in that space, but nothing significant to report.
Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Ron, and hello everyone. To recap the quarter, our revenue of $1,731 million, operating margin of 18.2% and earnings per share of $0.72 were all at the midpoint of our guidance. Orders exceeded our expectations, but the quarter end orders queue was also higher than usual. By business, most of the operating profit variance versus the midpoint of our guidance was due to volume and mix. Please note that Q2 core revenue growth by segment and by geography is reported on the slide deck posted on our website. This quarter, currency subtracted about 0.9 percentage points from our year-over-year revenue growth, and acquisitions had no material impact. Finally, we bought back $50 million of stock in Q2 and generated $272 million in free cash flow, slightly higher than last year. I will now turn to the guidance for our third quarter. We expect Q3 revenues of $1.74 billion to $1.76 billion and EPS of $0.72 to $0.74. At midpoint, revenue will grow 5% on a core basis. Our 18.5% projected operating margin at midpoint will be 30 basis points higher than Q2 fiscal year ‘14 and 20 basis points higher than Q3 of last year. Now, remember that we initiated a drastic cut in discretionary expenses early February of last year that resulted in significant expense reductions in the ensuing months. So, we face a tough compare. While we are maintaining our spending discipline, we are also investing in key growth initiatives. Now, to the guidance for fiscal year 2014, we are confirming the guidance we provided last quarter for both revenue and EPS. And as a reminder, we expect fiscal year ‘14 revenues to range from $6.9 billion to $7.1 billion and fiscal year ‘14 EPS to range from $2.96 to $3.16. With that, I will turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: So, hi Doug, this is Didier. I was talking about the numbers and then probably my colleagues will want to talk about their confidence to achieve the second half, but in terms of Q2 what happened is yes, LDA’s operating profit was below the guidance that is very much in line with our revenue mix, which again was due to orders being skewed towards the end of the quarter. And therefore, we will recover that mix into the second half. And that explains the second half patterns. So, basically nothing fundamental, nothing special in Q2, the only – the main reason by far for the operating margins performed below the guidance is volume and mix and as we are recovering because we have a high backlog go into Q3, obviously we will see that the offset in the second half. Now within the second half, there is no doubt that Q4 I mean even the second half even though there is an expectation of a significant improvement in operating margin between Q2 and Q3 for LDA, there is further improvement expected from Q3 to Q4 in line with the revenue growth.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, I mean I won’t go into the detail but when you do the math we have about you would expect 65% contribution margin versus the variable cost of sales. So if you do the math on the reduction in revenue versus the guidance that we provided and you still get 65% of the reduction in revenue will fold to the bottom line basically it was flat it’s like $4 million to $5 million and doing the analysis and again we have plenty, plenty of products and the markets and the product lines like that. Whatever it is not explained by peer volume which is about $4 million we could explain it mostly by mix factor.
Didier Hirsch: We have – last time at the analyst meeting we talked about spending $400 million over the next, I mean this year – over this year and next. So far, we have got $115 million this fiscal year and we will see. In terms of the share count, you can assume for the projections 338 million shares in Q3 and 339 million shares in Q4.
Bill Sullivan: I will just follow up, Jon. And maybe Mike, you could make some comments with the order pattern on the applied side and then Fred on the life science and diagnostics side.
Bill Sullivan: They give you an indication in round numbers. China’s business was down mid single-digits. The flipside orders were up mid single-digits.
Bill Sullivan: I will just add on to Didier and it goes back, (your think) is correct Q4 is our strongest quarter of the year, very typical and at companies like ours that last quarter tends to be strong. And if you go back in 2013 LG went from Q3 to Q4 from 60% operating profit to 19% and the chemical analysis went from 21.5% to 25%. So again we are not forecasting anything that is we have not seen in the past and obviously both Mike and Fred have committed to meet this guidance. Okay.
Bill Sullivan: Yes. One of these – I will have both Fred and Mike comment on that and again the China FDA is in major reorganization and parts of the business they regulate we have very large market shares. And but I will have Fred start on the academic research and then also Mike can chime in on some of the applied and food areas where we have very strong positions.
Bill Sullivan: Just one final comment with regards to China I mean it’s slightly different in this space of genomics and diagnostic, this is where we saw a different pattern and we saw pronounced close beyond the instrumentation Mike and I were talking before.
Bill Sullivan: Well Europe is as strong as I had noted across all markets and again Fred having – living in Europe talk a little bit about it and then Mike chime in. But our Europe team just did an outstanding job across all of our products to be able to grow in the low teens growth rate in orders. Fred.
Bill Sullivan: Look we’re seeing in the pharmaceutical market at this point in time that the consolidation talks between the big pharmas like Pfizer and AstraZeneca is certainly putting some hold on the whole investment pattern in the pharmaceutical industry. I think as I said before the smaller pharma companies are driving the growth at this point in time and I think over time as soon as this situation has speed up I think we will see that those big companies will go to single vendor their concepts and I think our opportunity there is to be a systems provider for those big pharmaceutical companies.
Bill Sullivan: Sure. The semiconductor market or the semiconductor test equipment market was very hot and we have very high margins in that business and accordingly that helped us and that’s why we had such outstanding incremental above the midpoint of the guidance over 80%, but that’s not something that we expect to repeat. We had been seeing a lot of price pressure in the handset wireless manufacturing segment, that is why our strategy continues to be to move more and more to R&D, but that pressure that is there on the pricing continues to accelerate. So if you take a mix of high let’s just call it a lot of semiconductor shipments and very little or less handset manufacturing shipments you get the very, very strong incrementals. As we go to next quarter we expect to have a much more normal balance as we move from Q2 to Q3.
Bill Sullivan: I think there is enough – there is significant price pressure as that market has become crowded and manufactures continue to look for simpler ways to test their products. It’s all about cost per test. The market is very competitive and it’s one of the lower margin areas or one of the lower margin businesses that are there. We are seeing competitors will be acting more desperate ways on the pricing side and we are doing the right thing for the shareholder and making sure we are going to return in everything that we invest in and where we put our effort.
Bill Sullivan: Great question. So thanks for that. So, on the mass spectrometry side there continued to be demand particularly for technologies that allow you look for unknown. This has become an increasingly desired capability both in the food but also in the forensics area and that’s why I spoke earlier to some bright spots in terms of forensics coming up. So the demand from mass spectrometry is really been driven by – continuing to driven by the food market but also there is emerging requirement to identify unknown both in the food supply as well as in designer drugs for forensics. And then you hit the nail really in the head in terms of what’s going out in terms of Middle East we’re seeing infrastructure build-out, major projects coming to fruition and Agilent is very strong in this space and we’re getting the business.
Bill Sullivan: Yes. Our shortfall in revenue in the quarter as we have said is really directed to the late orders that came in they were atypical. The NMR business was non-material to that issue at all. And as you can hear from the comments for every place that we had some good news we had some offsetting bad news. And so quite frankly it was the mixed quarter and I think the message is the orders ended up being strong and we feel comfortable with the guidance that we’ve given as we move into the second half of the year.
Bill Sullivan: On the LDA side the business was down mid single digits, orders were up mid single digits moving forward. And for us to be able to grow 5% in the second half we have to continue to see the order momentum in China as we move forward I think both Mike and Fred talked about where we think that there will be opportunity as the government reorganizations and focus are completed. And that was indicative of stronger orders in China at the end of the quarter.
Bill Sullivan: Mike and Fred make a comment from an aggregate it was broad-base, but Mike and Fred probably a little more insight, if there is any nuances, I am not sure statistically there is a lot of variation. We do tend to have a surge of orders at the end of every year on the LDA side as I had mentioned, it’s because only half the business at capital equipment, it tends not be as high as you typically see in Keysight, but Mike if you have some thoughts and then Fred.
Bill Sullivan: Yes. By adding the UXM, which is the R&D wireless test set, we have actually been involved in much more direct conversations, more bids in winning more business than we have done previously. The way it’s typically done is someone will test out the box, figure out if it has the right type of coverage or testing capability. And then it’s a like it enough with one product, they will start using it and then that gets replicated. The response on UXM has been excellent, but the R&D market is not like the manufacturing market, where someone likes it, they will go buy 2,000 of them at once that will rollout in a much slower area. So, R&D, we see a much steadier pace not as volatile, not as fast up, not as fast down, but we are very pleased with both the UXM and the EXM in their competitiveness.
Mike McMullen: Yes, sure, Bill. Jon, it’s Mike McMullen. I just had some additional commentary on the quarter, very pleased with the overall order rate for the business. And I think you can see the backlog we have built and the difference between the growth rate of our segment orders versus revenue and particularly pleased by a return to really solid growth in our core instrumentation platforms. And as you know, that’s been an area of struggle in the last several quarters, where you have been looking for this churn on in the replacement market. So, what we are seeing is warming up of the replacement market and signs of return of spending on some of the government side, particularly in the U.S. and promises in China. So, very encouraged by the overall global results, in particular how we have finished the quarter in China.
Mike McMullen: I am just building on Fred’s comments specific to the food market, it’s a heavy platform usage of LC in the food market where Agilent as you know has a leadership position. So where the double-edged sword where we really are affected when see budgets shift to latter part of the year, I think there is a heavy concentration of liquids base used in that market segment. And again that’s why in the early part of the call I indicated I was very delighted by our performance in Q2 from the order perspective because despite the challenges that were highlighting here in terms of timing of the food orders in China. We saw a very strong growth in the environmental side as well as expanding in the petrochemical and chemical side, in the private sector side of the marketplace. So that’s why we’re looking ahead to second half 2014 you’re getting a positive view overall about the business.
Mike McMullen: And just to build on Fred’s comments what a difference a year makes. So Europe was a real area of strength for us in the quarter. As Bill mentioned our team is doing an outstanding job driving share in what is now a growing market for us and we started to see an uptake in the chemical energy space in terms of replacement side of the business, investments in the food area continue to be very strong in Europe as well as in the forensic area.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Just to build on Bill’s comments, geographically I think the story we have already talked about China and the strong close there. We also saw in the United States and in Europe. And I think those three geographies really drove the results for the quarter. And just to repeat some of the earlier commentary in terms of strength in the food market, which continues to globally very strong market for us, even with the government push-up in China in terms of major projects. And I said earlier, the return to growth in the chemical and energy space is really promising to see.
Fred Strohmeier: Yes, let me just add also couple of comments. If you look to the different markets we saw strength in the pharmaceutical market as Bill has pointed out on the one side even so the consolidation puts some hold on it and the growth rate was predominantly coming from smaller pharma companies. I think if you look to the geographies, I think China was a little bit behind I think with a bit suffering in the U.S. I think Europe was doing quite well and specifically to the comment on Russia, even so there is impact, I think the size of the business from an LDG perspective is rather marginal, so minor impact from that perspective.
Fred Strohmeier: Yes. Thank you, Bill. Let me make one statement about the growth in China overall. If you look to the second quarter and compare that to this year’s second quarter and you compare that to the second quarter last year, I think the growth in general has slowed as such, so that’s the general observation. Secondly, I think if you look to the pharmaceutical industry, there has been quality regulation imposed to the pharmaceutical industry in the GMP space, good manufacturing practices. And this why is the part of the consolidation in India, China – in the China pharmaceutical industry which means another investment is retarded quite a bit. So China academic spending as Bill already pointed out I think this has been also a temporary slow down due to some regulations, which have been put in place in terms of anticorruption, which is also something which probably will go away over time once the process has been installed. And finally, as Bill also pointed out, China FDA is at the moment restructuring the food testing labs. And until this restructuring has been completed, I think we will see a shorter investment pattern of the food labs which probably is in the order of a couple of $10 million a quarter. And I think this will – as soon as this has been removed although it will stimulate the orders again.
Fred Strohmeier: Yes. I think Europe is as we see the recovery particularly in the academia and government royalty we’re seeing a stimulus of the autos. And if you look to the different industries and then Mike can comment on the chemical analysis side. We saw a significant pickup in the pharmaceutical industry, these are pretty successful particularly that was the LC/MS and I believe this will continue in the second half.
Fred Strohmeier: I think the one – I think it was in March, I think we saw a pretty good month because this was just before the tax rate and I think this good all the way got partially compensated by the April, by the fact that there was a higher sales tax. And but in general if you look to LDG I think you have exhibited some overall growth in Japan.
Fred Strohmeier: Yes. This is – it looks like you are right I think we had a really strong quarter for diagnostics and genomics. And particular the diagnostics piece was growing mid-single digits and it’s driven by the pathology business and even more so by the companion diagnostics which we believe was outstanding as Bill mentioned at his initial comments, I think genomics we see a pronounced need in the market at the moment I think its growing about mid-digit to high-mid digit range. And it’s predominantly driven by cytogenetics and the CGH race. And secondly the target enrichment business, which is going very nicely were also relative to our competitors.
Fred Strohmeier: Yes. Also building on the Mike’s comments, I think we talked about the pharmaceutical industry and I think you will see a slight uptick in the second half. I mean, we talked about the academia and government market, we believe there will be some relief of the budgets that we can participate. And I think Europe in general as Mike said was going quite well. So, from that perspective, I think we are positive that we can deliver the results Didier was referring to.
