Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Mike, and hello everyone. To recap the quarter, our core order and revenue growth, excluding the impact of closed and divested businesses, were respectively 10% and 5%. As Mike stated, about $30 million of revenues was carried over into Q3 due to late incoming orders and some startup issues with the transfer of our U.S. distribution center. Those issues have now been stabilized and they will be fixed this quarter. Although revenues ended up $32 million under the midpoint of our guidance, adjusted operating margin was 18.3%, 10 basis points higher than guidance, and 140 basis points higher than last year on 2.5% lower nominal revenues. This quarter, currency subtracted about 6.8 percentage points from our year-over-year revenue growth. Finally, we bought back $162 million of stock in Q2 and generated $183 million in operating cash flow. I'll now turn to the guidance for our third quarter. We expect Q3 revenues of $995 million to $1.015 billion and EPS of $0.38 to $0.42. At midpoint, revenue will grow 7% on a core basis. Our 18.3% adjusted operating margin at midpoint will be equal to this quarter's operating margin. We expect to continue our disciplined buyback program and reach the planned $365 million of repurchases by year-end. Now to the guidance for the fiscal year. Versus our previous guidance, currency is forecasted to have a $10 million negative impact on revenue. We are adjusting our revenue guidance for that impact, but we are not modifying our EPS guidance. We expect fiscal year 2015 revenues to range from $4.05 billion to $4.11 billion and fiscal year 2015 EPS to range from $1.67 to $1.73. With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: No, just to quantify. I mean, the $30 million that moved into Q3 is equivalent to 3 percentage points of revenue, if you would adjust the first half of that 3 percentage points, that really moved into the second half, then the growth between the first half to the second half is a lot more reasonable.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah, I'll just, and you know, as you have been able to calculate, I mean our guiding midpoint for an operating margin in Q3 of 18.3%, which is at the same level as we've had in Q2 with slightly lower gross margin. Q2 had some very favorable currency hedging gains and slightly higher OpEx, mostly because of currency and some slight increase in stock-based compensation. And then for Q4, the implied operating margin for the Q4 to get to the 19% for the whole year, which we are guiding to, would be 20.9%, which would be slightly higher than what we achieved last year of 20.4%, which means that we will see then the full impact of the Agile Agilent program as with an increase in operating margin, even though we are facing still the $40 million dissynergies that we've talked about at length.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah so, certainly to emphasize what Mike has said, last Q4 was 1 percentage point lower core revenue growth than the average of the year. So it was kind of, I would say, a weaker quarter in terms of revenue growth that we saw throughout the year. And then as I mentioned, we are guiding for an operating margin of 20.9, which is not that far away that we achieved in Q4 of last year of 20.4%. And obviously we are, as you have noted, expecting higher revenue on an easier compare.
Didier Hirsch: Good question, Brandon. It is slightly lower. We are planning to spend about $15 million. There is a lot of work that needs to be done towards – until about June, and then we will stop seeing a serious pay down of the expenses. But don't forget, I mean we are very, very serious on investing whatever we need to make sure that we comply with all the regulatory requirements. And Jacob, you probably want to add too.
Didier Hirsch: It was negative on the revenue side and the positive on the order side, and revenue was kind of a negative low single digit.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, exactly. And perhaps low to mid single digits on the revenue side. And again, as Patrick said, it's very difficult this quarter to talk about revenue considering the $30 million. And for example, a lot of that impacted China because although we kind of recovered some towards the end of the quarter, because of the shipment times, we were not able to recognize revenue, in particular in China. It was the region that was the most impacted by the $30 million revenue shortfall.
Didier Hirsch: The facility is in the U.S., but it ships all over on whatever is produced in the U.S. And including, for example, it ships GCMS into China, and because of a long transit time, China was positively impacted.
Didier Hirsch: No, I mean what we are seeing and what we've started seeing in April certainly seems to tie also with the general projections from the economies that are seeing that after Q1 with a negative GDP growth, Q2, Q3 growth will accelerate and will clearly be positive during those two quarters. So we are hoping that they are right for the one.
Didier Hirsch: No, I mean it's slightly obviously a little bit more in Q4, but Q3 is going to be fairly significant. So, perhaps 45/55 in the second half between Q3 and Q4.
Didier Hirsch: It was mostly around LSAG. I mean clearly, DGG had no impact; ACG a little bit, but relatively minimum. It was mostly LSAG instruments. Mostly instruments.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, on the year-over-year basis, it was relatively minimum. I'll give you the numbers. But it had a much bigger impact on orders, obviously, because we stopped taking orders. So last year, we had about $50 million of orders for the whole year on NMR, and this year, is even slightly negative because we canceled a few of the orders in the backlog. And in terms of revenue last year, we had about $80 million in revenue. This year, we'll have about $65 million, and we'll have some revenue even next year as we recognize revenue on the last OEM magnet that we stopped taking orders on back two years ago, but we are still shipping.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, absolutely. So we have, in addition to our structural hedging program, we hedge both our balance sheet and our cash flow, and the accounting treatment is different. The balance sheet hedging gains and losses show up in other income and expense below the line, whereas the cash flow hedges, the financial impact of the cash flow hedges shows up in cost of sales. And as there was the fairly dramatic, as you have noticed disconnection of changes in currency rates in the last two or three quarters, I mean we have had fairly significant currency hedging gains. In Q1 they were about $3 million to $4 million. In Q2, they were about $7 million, so this Q2. And because we settled the hedging programs always at the beginning of the quarter, we already know what our currency hedging gains will be in Q3. And they will be about $3 million. So there's a $4 million reduction in hedging gains, and that reduction shows in the cost of sales of gross margin. So that's why I was mentioning everything else being the same, gross margin would be impacted to the tune of 0.4 percentage points sequentially.
Mark Doak: Thanks, Mike. And obviously this is another quarter where we've produced double-digit core order growth. So from the standpoint of the response we've got in the marketplace around our innovative products and services has been quite good. And I think it's a validation of our CrossLab strategy and the value we have for the customers. And looking forward, the fundamentals, as you suggest, really don't change much as we look at the end market strength in Americas and in China and some other places around the globe. And we continue to have strong demand from Europe. So long story short, it's a continuation we see of the strong fundamentals we have right now.
Mark Doak: Well there's the other nuance, Mike, which in services, obviously order growth doesn't translate immediately to revenues. And this 12% growth, a lot of that came through services. And what you'll see is that becomes an annuity stream going forward for the remaining quarters. So I would say we put some money in the bank for looking out into the next year.
Mark Doak: I certainly think it is, Mike, but I would say what our intent is, obviously to ensure we differentiate all of the solutions Agilent brings to the market. I feel confident a lot of the innovation we have is driving that share gain.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah, thanks Mike. So for LSAG, we have seen continued strong performance in our core product lines like LCMS, ICP-OES throughout Q1 and Q2. There's a lot of very strong momentum behind these new products that we recently introduced. And solutions like the Infinity II LCs that you mentioned or the ICP-OES and our high-end LCMS solutions. So for the second quarter, as you stated before, we had order growth on a core base of 10% excluding RPD. I think we have a very strong pipeline. We see a strong funnel, and therefore also are committed to the second half.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah, thank you, Mike. And you're right – it makes up about 25 – chemical and energy makes up about 25% of Agilent's business, and – but as a reminder, the decline is mainly driven by the impact on the falling oil prices. And we have seen most of it on the customers on the exploration side. And actually that segment is only 15% of our chemical and energy segment overall. So I think actually there is some upside still on the chemical side based on the lower feedstock prices that has not yet materialized. I think these customers are still a little cautious to start more spending. So we will continue to carefully monitor the situation. But I don't see any immediate changes or more dramatic reductions in the business overall. I think, again, there will be into 2016, probably you will see the shortfall on the exploration side, but it's positive momentum what we can expect – positive momentum on the chemical side.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Absolutely. And I want to speak here only to the auto side because we had these issues on the revenue side. But both in LC as well as in MS, our orders have been up double-digit, so we see a strong momentum, as I said in the beginning, behind our new Infinity II series and also behind our – mainly behind our high-end LC-MS systems like the 6495 Tripe Quad. So I would say we are competing very effectively.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, I just want to add in terms of what you probably don't see from the outside is in terms of the divisional changes we made is we made a significant change in our MS business. We basically brought together the TCM LCMS business and 50% of all the labs organization into one new strong mass spectrometer group. And I think the result of that will basically we see more in the future, as we have now much more horsepower on the R&D side to develop new product for what we see as the fastest growing market segment for us.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, certainly. As you have noticed, DGG had a strong Q2, definitely compensating for the challenges in Q1. And we see the improved momentum in all our divisions. Soon being out of the FDA activities and back to normal operationally, I do expect to see the pathology business continue to strengthen throughout the rest of the year together with the rest of the portfolio. So I also have very strong confidence in the second half year.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Surely, I mean first of all, we are obviously very pleased that we received the notice from FDA that the warning letter has been lifted, and as Didier's also mentioning we will finalize the activities that we've committed to, to close out with FDA. Therefore, the spending is also a little bit lower than what we have guided earlier, but we will also continue to invest in a higher compliance level going forward.
Jacob Thaysen: No, I agree, Didier. I mean first of all, most impact of Cartagenia is going to be minimal in the short-term future in the whole Agilent picture. But I do believe that Cartagenia is a very important pillar in our strategy going forward, where we want to really develop the workflows into pathology labs and focusing on – and on genetic disorder labs also.
Jacob Thaysen: Yeah, absolutely, and you're right on, of course having to deal with an FDA warning letter, you have a lot of operational focus on dealing with that warning letter and taking some of our focus away from new product development. Fortunately, we have more sites. We have had strong development activities on other sites like the Carpinteria side and also our genomics side. We, in particular, within our companion diagnostic, we are looking into some very, very exciting launches coming up over the next quarters. I think you heard already Mike alluding to Merck & Co. has communicated their ambitions within the PDL1 assay – PDL1 drug target, and we are together with them on coming out with a PDL1 assay. And we definitely look into over next quarters at least one launch in that area maybe even two. And on the genomics side, we have had quite a lot of exciting launches this quarter also that I could talk a long time about, but I don't think we have time for it right here.
Jacob Thaysen: Well, you are definitely right that our performance this quarter is a bit skewed by these orders that return to revenue into Q2. But we have an underlying business improvement, both in the pathology business with the rest of the portfolio that will start now to drive the underlying business growth. So I expect to see an improvement in our performance on all elements, especially particularly in the pathology business. We once again saw record placements of Omnis, and this is a great indicator that we will start to see strong traction in the pathology business. So I'm very comfortable – confident that we received the growth coming from the business going forward.
Michael R. McMullen: I think it's twofold, right? One is we do have some level of easy compares, I would say that, particularly as Jacob mentioned in his earlier comments, we now see our DGG business back on track, but we were seeing a retraction in terms of our growth at this time last year. So I think there is an element of, if you will, easier compares in Q4. I think Q4 historically is always our strongest quarter, and we've got this very strong order momentum and backlog going into the back half. And I would say we're trying to guide fairly conservatively for Q3 on the revenue as well.
Michael R. McMullen: Sure, Isaac. Thanks again for joining the call. I just got back from a week or so in China in the early part of April, and I'll share with you today in the call what I shared with our board at the time, which was I continue to see a gradually improving overall market environment in China. I think that there's a level of pessimism about the China market, which I think is not called for. When you look at where the market is growing, and we put up high single digit market growth orders in our second quarter, you see a continued strong pharma, biopharma investments in life sciences, in human health. We see that much of the reorganization of the food ministries are behind us. In fact, I had an opportunity to represent Agilent at the BOA conference where we heard President Xi talk about his Silk Road policy, and there is also a major forum on food safety, which I participated in. And there's no doubt that the food safety areas will be back on track in terms of investment. And then I think you're seeing – you can count on really strong growth in the environmental segment for I think years to come. I think the one area which was a little bit more subdued in terms of overall growth would be the chemical and energy space, but that we expect still to grow in the low-single digits. So I think that the days of those double-digit market growth in China are behind us, but I think you can expect to see solid market growth in China throughout the rest of this year.
Michael R. McMullen: Thanks, Isaac. You have a great memory on earlier conversations. So, in fact, what I think I'll do is I'll pass it over to Patrick. He can provide some insights on that end market.
Michael R. McMullen: Oh, yeah. Got it. Got it. It's roughly 50%-50%. So, about $15 million of it was through the start-up issues with our logistics network in the United States, and the other $15 million was from very late coming in orders that we couldn't turn into revenue within the quarter.
Michael R. McMullen: We're doing more than holding share, we're taking share is our view because we had 10% core order growth in the marketplace, and with the one exception of Waters, I don't think anybody's putting up numbers like this in the space. And as you may be able to dig into some of the details and remarks, some of the areas where we compete directly with Waters in LC, LC-MS and pharma and biopharma, I think, Patrick, you might want to jump on this as well. We saw very, very strong growth. So, I think there is a different composition of our portfolio and end-market play than Waters, but where we compete we're clearly holding our own.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, good catch, because we've been talking before about the small and medium size in specialty pharma, so it's a broad-based recovery, and we're really starting to see the large pharma investing and really coming off their delayed technology refresh plan. So I think that's why Patrick mentioned earlier the very strong growth we're seeing in our LC and LC-MS product line. So, this is a much larger broad-based recovery across pharma than we have pointed to in the past. And then biopharma continues to be a strong segment in the industry as well.
Michael R. McMullen: Hey, Ross, thanks for the question and the acknowledgment of the efforts we have underway to really accelerate traction in a couple of key topics for us on a strategic nature. So, great question. So when I step back from them and look at this, which is, I went to great lengths to highlight the start-up issue we had with logistics center. But – and I think it's an evidence of the new Agilent in terms of we're going to make bold moves. We're going to drive towards changing our cost structure. When we're done here, we'll have probably $3 million or so out of our cost structure, much improved customer experience. So – and then when I found out about my team and I learned about my team is when we have issues, such as the one we discovered once we went live in the later part of March, we got all over it. What I didn't share with you was also the fact that we delivered 10% order growth in the midst of a major field reorganization. So I think that we're not pushing the team too hard. We have the ability to execute and to drive the company forward aggressively. There will be – perhaps will be some times won't go completely according to plan. But what this team will do is get all over it as a team and work very quickly to address it. So hopefully that gives you some insight in terms of how the company is running inside. We're enthusiastic, we're energized, and I don't think anybody believes that they're overly taxed yet.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, thank you, Ross, for that question. So right now, what you heard today was that we're doing what we said we would do, which is we would buy back $365 million of stock, and we are well on our way to doing that. However, as also I've said in prior calls, we continue to look at our overall capital allocation policy, how we're deploying capital for return to shareholders. And perhaps as a teaser for the May Analyst Meeting next week, I'll say more to come.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah and then, Paul, that's also why again there's been a lot of questions about the second half revenue outlook, and this is one of the reasons why we're confident in our outlook.
Michael R. McMullen: We think it's a combination of both, right. So we're driving really new innovative new solutions, so we're putting more instruments into the marketplace and taking share. But we also embrace in a strategy which I think, and we'll go through some level of detail next week, where we really believe there's a broad-based play across the whole laboratory environment, not only for services and consumables for our instrumentation, but in the broader vendor base as well. And I think it's very clear that we're picking up very good business and services in consumables, and I'm guessing it's above market.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes sure. thanks, Steve, for the opportunity to talk, provide some insight into Japan. Different story from my perspective than China. Though we were pleased to see the order growth that we saw in Q2, we have to keep in mind that it was off a relatively easy compare in 2014. And I think we know the history there with the Japanese implementation, the VAT tax, and how it really changed the seasonality of orders for everybody in the early part of last year. What we're seeing going forward is a environment where we're expecting continued weakness in the academia and government segment. The quantitative easing budget money doesn't seem to be really flowing into our space. The flip side of that is, we're actually seeing improvements in the private sector. Now it's a very fragile environment right now, but we think that if it's holding together, we expect it to be subdued. It won't be the same level of growth as you're going to see in China, but we're also not seeing any kind of significant downturn. And Didier, I don't know if you have any other observations on Japan.
Michael R. McMullen: No, great question, Dan. Thanks for the opportunity to comment. No, we're not expecting any kind of rebound, just staying the status quo. If – I think Patrick pointed to more of a 2016 kind of up rebound on the chemical side of that. So it happened before, that would represent upside to our thinking, but we're not currently forecasting that.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, Jeff, great question. So in fact, we've really been asking ourselves all the same question, which is, we saw a different seasonality in this Q2 than last year. So all we kept coming back to was we really can't control the customer buying behavior. So I really don't have a good solid answer for you. But what we are going to do, and I think I hinted at it earlier, we're going to be adjusting our revenue forecasting models, sort of increasingly mindful of what seemed to be a changed timing of order flow within the quarter, so does seem to be customer-driven. I can't really put a logical explanation behind it. So what we want to do is we want to evolve in our forecasting models from a revenue standpoint. And in terms of order cancellation, it's not at all on our radar screen as a topic of concern.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, as I look around the conference room here, everybody is shaking their head no. No really significant changes from competitors or pricing behaviors.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, no, thanks for the great question. So I think that you see, Derik, that we're continuing to look at our portfolio and we're quite happy with the status of the portfolio right now. And in fact, on the vacuum side, we're seeing – I've got a profitable business that we actually see has a fair amount of synergies in Agilent, particularly as we think about designing and developing next-generation of mass spectrometry and kind of being able to integrate the pumps in a different manner, in terms of our new systems, albeit, also the fact that we've integrated them on a sales-force perspective to also take advantage of the opportunities that exist in the analytical lab. We see it as an enabler for our CrossLab business. So, I've got a business that's making money, and I can see the synergies with the rest of the company. So it's solid right now within Agilent.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. Thanks for that, Patrick. And we talk internally and here we talk next week about One Agilent, we really are trying to leverage the full power of this company by organizing ourselves to get the maximum leverage out of the capability we have with the company
