Didier Hirsch: Thank you Bill and hello everyone. As we have stated the low end of our revenue guidance assumed that the sequester would take effect on March 1. Our Q2 revenues were $8 million below the low end of our guidance, a difference that was entirely due to the $12 million negative impact from currency exchanges. Q2 EPS on the other hand were $0.07 above the high end of our guidance as we executed on our commitment to significantly curtail discretionary expenses as long as the economic environment remains highly uncertain. To recap the quarter, co-orders which exclude the impact of currency and acquisitions were down 12% year-over-year while core revenues decreased 4%.  However our operating margin at 19.3% was on par with last year's 19.5%. By segment, EMG core revenues 12% year-over-year, CAG was up 5%, LSG was up, and DDG was flat year-over-year.  By region, core revenues were down in the Americas by 7%, Europe by 2% and Japan by 7% and flat for the rest of Asia Pacific. Our strong 19.3% overall operating margin, 20.5% for EMG and 18.3% for LDA, demonstrates that we have come a long way since 2009 when we also experienced tough economic conditions that severely impacted EMG and to a lesser extent LDA. Back then, our overall operating margin was about 7% even after the temporary 10% pay cut. Clearly the actions we have taken to reduce our fixed cost structure, leverage the scale and integration of Agilent order fulfillment and global and infrastructural organizations, as well as our acquisition strategy have paid off nicely. We did not eliminate EMG's sensitivity to the macroeconomic environment, nor the lumpiness of some markets, but we did reduce significantly the bottom line volatility. Regarding cash, we generated $315 million in operating cash flow for the quarter. We bought back 3.3 million shares for $140 million and have a net cash position of $225 million. Now turning to the guidance for the full year. The low end of the revenue guidance provided last February, which again assumed the sequester would be effective March 1 was $6.9 billion. Since then currency changes have had a negative impact of $50 million versus the last guidance. In addition, there is no sign yet of a macroeconomic recovery and PMI indices are stuck around 50. We are now expecting fiscal year '13 revenues to range from $6.75 billion to $6.85 billion, a 1% reported year-over-year decrease at the midpoint, which translates into a 3% core revenue decrease, reflecting the loss of the wireless manufacturing business Bill talked about.  On the cost front, our global order fulfillment organization is on track to generate about $50 million of savings, and our control of discretionary expenses will be maintained in the foreseeable future. Those actions, coupled with the benefit of the incremental $500 million stock buyback will offset most of the impact of lower revenue projections and currency headwinds on our EPS, which is expected to range from $2.70 to $2.85. Finally, moving to the guidance for our third quarter. We expect Q3 revenues of $1.63 billion to $1.66 billion. At the midpoint, reported revenue would be down about 5% versus last year with EMG down about 19% and LDA up about 10% including Dako and up 5% excluding Dako.  Excluding the impact of the wireless manufacturing business lost, EMG would be down about 8%, reflecting the sequester, and the ongoing challenging micro economic situation. We will continue clumping down on discretionary spend and we will start seeing the first savings from the additional restructuring program in the third quarter. We expect Q3 EPS of $0.60 to $0.64.  With that I will turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: The same situation for Q3 and CHG for the short-term is going to be impacted but again very, very respectable and then we will have a strong recovery in Q4 and EXT-C wireless manufacturing business, EMG effectively is going to be flat sequentially from Q2 as they move into a lot easier comparison so there is any consolation to our situation Guy and the team have easier comparison moving forward. Jon P. Groberg – Macquarie Capital: Okay, that’s all. I’d like to speak one last, and Bill on Dako you both are the two major competitors that I’ve talked about actually some pretty tough business on the advanced training side. I think partly driven by the fact that the guidelines are no longer requiring negative controls there. So I don’t know just any, can you just let us know how Dako did relative to expectation. Thanks.
Didier Hirsch: So, I’ll take the first question. So, it will be a mix of cash on our balance sheet and some debt, the funding of the incremental $500 million.
Didier Hirsch: Versus what I had communicated, I think sometime in November in fact where I had said that our operating cash flow would be about $1.25 million and about $220 million in CapEx. We’re now down more to $1.1 billion in operating cash flow, little bit over that between $1.1 billion and $1.15 billion and still the same level of CapEx. So basically the reduction is both the restructuring program and the reduced profits versus what we have said in November. So it’s about a reduction of about $100 million, still over $1.1 billion in operating cash flow.S. Brandon Couillard – Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah, let me take a shot at it. So at midpoint, there's $200 million reduction in the top line and that would translate to about $140 million reduction in gross margin. And then we have various cuts in discretionary expenses. We have the restructuring savings. All in all, as Bill and I mentioned, I mean, those savings offset a big chunk, most of the impact of the lower revenue. So, on an operating profit basis, it's about $40 million reduction instead of starting from $140 million to about $40 million, and that would about translate into $0.10 of EPS deterioration and then the impact of the buyback is about $0.03. So a $0.02 to $0.03, so you get to the $0.08 that you mentioned.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah, absolutely, very little, there was some, I always hope that the upside, that perhaps we will get something. But most of the reduction doesn't come from February to the May guidance doesn't come from that lost business. Again this lost business has a bigger, has big explanation of the year-over-year variance but not in the change in the guidance.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah so, in terms of how we guide in regards to currency, there has been no change in our process, in our methodology. We take the spot rate as of the last day of the previous quarter and we assume that will be the rate for the rest of the remainder of the year. We are hedged as you know overall on the 100% for the first quarter and then on a declining basis over three to four quarters. We are also have in general well pretty structurally hedged also having a huge footprint in the most of the regions.  However, clearly in Japan we have less cost than we have revenues in yen and therefore like other companies we will, our operating margin will be impacted by the weakening of the yen. But because of our hedge that impact is not felt yet completely in the present quarters and will be felt over time. And then regarding Japan, let me give you the numbers, so overall, we saw Japan down on a GAAP basis about 14%, but then when you take into account, that is on the reported basis, but on the core basis it's down 7%.
Didier Hirsch: No, I mean, in Q4 if you do the math we’re taking the midpoint of our revenue guidance for Q3 and the midpoint guidance for Q4. You can see that we're expecting revenue to be up about $100 million between Q3 and Q4 and that translates obviously into our higher EPS. Then you do have the impact of the buybacks, the overall $0.02, $0.03. There is more of an impact obviously in Q4 than Q3. And then the restructuring, the $50 million also Q3 will see just very, smaller amount of benefits yet of savings and we'll start seeing some significant savings in Q4 going into Q1 of next year.Dan Leonard – Leerink Swann LLC:  Okay. Thank you.
Didier Hirsch: Sure, so I'll take that one. So, Q2 to Q3, midpoint of our guidance, Q3, I mean sure about $100 million reduction in revenue sequentially. So, again, $100 million in itself that's kind of $0.14 rule of thumb reduction in EPS and what we are showing is EPS going down from $0.77 to $0.62. So on average on the midpoint of the guidance.  So, I think that should answer your question, I'm not going to go into the specifics of OpEx and gross margins, but we are obviously, because of the loss of $100 million of revenue, gross margin will be down slightly and then we expect OpEx to be about flattish, but normally, you would expect Q3 OpEx be much higher than Q2, because of the fact that’s just the normal seasonality and that's not happening.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah, I mean we covered that a little bit at the Analyst Meeting. I mean, clearly, in order to get the [stick] at the operating model in a very low growth environment, we had to implement cuts and discretionary expenses, and also a very, very surgical kind of restructuring in addition to benefitting from the reduction in the AOF, that the AOF organization has committed to about $50 million per annum for four years in a row. So, that’s how we make it happen. If we were not able to do that, you would normally expect significant decremental when revenue growth has slowed down to such an extent.Tim C. Evans – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
William P. Sullivan: First of all, when we used to say negotiation has been going on for long period of time, Agilent’s not at liberty to share specific terms of the agreement, but I can say that the terms exposed to Agilent to significant penalties under certain conditions that we were not confident we could prevent without jeopardizing our ability on our commitments to other customers. Effectively, committing to one customer at the expense of other customers is not consistent with our policies and practices. And so, it’s very clear, very specific opportunity and right now, assuming that it will not come back.Tony Butler – Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Thank you, Bill.
William P. Sullivan: So, I will answer the question regarding our one-box tester business was affected EMG’s year-over-year revenue impact by 31% of the decline.  I'll have Guy answer your questions regarding the industrial computer and semiconductor.
William P. Sullivan: And as you remember we also provide a lot of test equipment for the PC board manufacturers, the board stuffing verification or as we call it board test, which of course is always dominated by these big consumer products.Mark Douglass – Longbow Research LLC:  Okay, thank you.
William P. Sullivan: We have not made any statements at all in terms of where the restructuring is happening around the world, but…Jon P. Groberg – Macquarie Capital: Okay. 
William P. Sullivan: Yeah, I mean, for the full year EMG margin would still be north of 18% at midpoint and then all the other one, I mean, again CHG north of close to 22% and LSG over 15% and DGG close to 14%.Jon P. Groberg – Macquarie Capital: Okay, that’s helpful. 
William P. Sullivan: Sure, Lars, why don’t you go ahead and talk about the organic growth rate from Dako and again, I mentioned one tough year-over-year comparison now being a US company. 
William P. Sullivan: Well, first of all, I think that the management team with the Board’s support, having bought back $9.5 billion of the stock since 2005 as well as instituting a dividend, in fact has been very aggressive of returning cash to the shareholder. The issue is always about what the right balance is in terms of our debt load, cash generation and the macro environment. We are still quite confident. Even though we’re disappointed that the second half is not going to recover as strongly as we expected, we’re still looking for continued growth into 2014. As Didier said, our cash generation continues to be very, very robust. We have an opportunity to refinance anyway, and so to be able to easily afford without having any major impact on what the future of the Company or overall credit rating, the announcement of the additional $500 million seems quite prudent.Daniel Brennan – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And then maybe you kind of touched upon just now in that answer Bill, but, I know probably last call, you had indicated that despite the end of quarter shortfall that you were pretty constructive about the opportunity in 2013 and hence you didn’t want to cut too deeply. So, just maybe as an update like how you’re viewing the world today, and maybe you can just give kind of an updated view of what you’re seeing from kind of the global economy and how you’re positioned for the remainder of the year.
William P. Sullivan: As you know, I’ve been one of the more negative CEOs in terms of growth prospects in the U.S. and Europe. I must admit I had a moment, particularly on the Analyst Day that I actually thought there was some likelihood of a recovery in the second half of the year and it’s just the hard reality. It’s not happening. The continued issues in the U.S. and Europe, Japan stimulus hasn’t kicked in. China is going to grow at 7.5% to 8%. We are not going to get the type of revenue growth that is going to be able to maintain our margins. I was very clear on the Analyst Day is that we know what it takes to do to be able to drive increasing margins and given that the likelihood of our business, not growing into our operating model. Again, the 4% organic growth rate, as a company, we are taking the appropriate actions moving forward and we will execute that as efficiently and quickly as we can.Daniel Brennan – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
William P. Sullivan: So, on first question, as Didier said, in terms of the guidance, half of it is strictly currency. Again, as you know, for example, have a large amount business inside of Japan. The other part of the business is tied to our Electronic Measurement that Guy talked about. Industrial is not coming back and we have continued pressure on the computer and semiconductor. And particularly, in some of our semiconductor cap lines we’re the only supplier. So, this has nothing to do with market share or anything. It’s just a tough environment moving forward. We try to balance the long-term growth prospects of the Company versus the short-term operating needs and we’ll continue to evaluate that. I believe as difficult it is as to lay off 450 people, we are highly confident that that will not have an impact on our long-term growth opportunities, have a major impact at all to our new product introduction, our ability to expand in emerging markets. We, at this point in time, do not see a scenario where you’re going to have to see a additional dramatic decrease of revenue unless there was some sort of new economic crisis.
William P. Sullivan: Yeah, again I think the guideline is fine. I will let Guy make a comment because the U.S. defense business was not great, but we had no outstanding performance in Europe and Japan. So Guy, why don’t you give us the latest update on the overall defense business…
William P. Sullivan: No. Well, we haven’t. Again, we’re a conservative company. We feel very fortunate that we were able to acquire Dako and not have the deal jumped. It’s a very competitive environment and we have chosen not to participate in these competitive decisions moving forward. I do believe that the culmination of our Genomics business and our Pathology business is the right fit and we need to continue to look for holes in our portfolio in this space that we have. And maybe Lars, maybe you could talk a little bit, now that you’re managing both parts of the business for the last few quarters, your thoughts of the synergy between the Genomics business and your Pathology business and how you look at the environment for potential acquisitions.
William P. Sullivan: Well, first of all, fundamentally, is the business a good business and one that over a business cycle returns at or above Agilent's operating model. And the situation, I'll use the semiconductor capital business that we kept. We essentially have a 100% market share and as a result of that has just outstanding return through the course of the cycle. And so in times like this, when parts of our Electronic Measurement are going through a tough patch, it's easy to say, hey, let's jettison this for a short-term gain and from our viewpoint, it just doesn't make sense. So, the operating model inside of EMG has been dramatically changed over time. If you had asked me eight years ago, 10 years ago that given the headwinds that they’ve reached, they would have a 20% operating quarter, I would say there is no way. We have a great franchise and with some volatility in the downside and the flipside when this turns around, and semiconductor capital equipment and our small part expands, when you get more growth in the computer side of the house, at some of the industrial growth returns, we're going to have a completely different story. In fact, if anything, we're going to drive higher on the upside in our Electronic Measurement than we've done in the past, given the decisions that we have made. So, we have a great franchise in these and we will just weather the storm.
William P. Sullivan: The valuation of Agilent in some of the parts is very straightforward process. Almost everybody has MBA, know how to do the calculation. We often time use third parties to validate our own assumptions moving forward. Our pay system is tied to total shareholder return as you know, since 2005. We have consistently beat all three indexes that we compete in industrial, IT, and healthcare. Clearly, our situation has changed since we have been reclassified into the healthcare sector. The analysts that cover us and the analyst inside of big funds clearly have changed moving forward.  We also of course do that evaluation in terms of what our peers are within the healthcare. As it stands today, based on our evaluation, Agilent and again which has been confirmed from outside help is that we are trading roughly at 12% discount. If you look at the efforts in the short-term to be able to divest to go through the overhead absorption related to that and the distraction for very short-term outlook, we think just doesn’t make sense at all.  Historically, these assets perform well. We will in fact when other handset manufacturing test business, electronic measurement is a great franchise for the company moving forward and to be able to be distracted on I think quite honestly some plastic short-term view. I think just aren’t accurate. If in fact that we were trading at a substantial discount to our peer group or to now they are part of the S&P 500 that we are in. Yeah, that’s a different issue and again we have a long history of addressing that. We made the decision in 2005 to divest semiconductor related businesses and semiconductor component business because it wasn't tied to our strategy of being a leader in measurement science.  So, we continue to be very pleased with our portfolio of products, and that engineering excellence, the foundation of the Company, Electronic Measurement, our financial strength has created just an incredibly competitive franchise in our Life Science Diagnostics and Applied Chemical market, and I think we are very positioned to weather this slowdown and be incredibly competitive as the economy upticks in 2014.
William P. Sullivan: So we have a every detailed process that we go with the board of directors every year in September where we make a forecast of our three year growth outlook, why we believe we can outpace the market over the period of time, what our P&L looks like in our corresponding balance sheet. Given the operating model that Agilent has developed over the years, so we know we will generate substantial amount of cash. As I said with the previous question, our number one focus is to invest in the businesses going forward. The second one is return cash back to our shareholders tax effectively as we can. So this is an ongoing process that will review with the board officially in September with updates as we move forward balancing what is the short-term outlook for uses of cash for investment in the business, where is the available cash, what is the prudent amount of debt level, ensuring that we remain high caliber credit worthy company. And based on those and ongoing analysis we make the corresponding recommendation to the board on returning additional cash to the shareholder either through a dividend or a stock repurchase.
Guy Sene: Well, it's not as clear. Our tablets require different type of products for test and in fact require less products for test. So there is a transition not only on the manufacturing side but also between the different companies that do them.
Guy Sene: Yeah, the overall defense business in fact we finished flat versus last year in terms of revenue and mostly driven by the business outside of the U.S. So clearly places in Europe like Russia are very strong in satellite and other defense investments and this is helping. As I said, I think I commented at our (inaudible) surveillance is another business that is going very well and we won large deals in Japan for instance that helped.  On the other side in the U.S. it is clearly as we were expecting, even a little bit lower. The DoD orders were 50% even more than 50% down compared to what we had last year. I would also comment that the sequestration to the U.S. has a broader effect on the wider, smaller companies that we probably have classified more into industrial as everybody is waiting a little bit to understand what's happening in the defense business.Patrick M. Newton – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.:  So it sounds like that down 20% year-over-year is more realistic at this point.
Guy Sene: Yeah, I would just highlight also that it’s definitely not a product issue or a product at very adequate for this marketplace and have been used in many customers across the world. So, the transformation that you’re referring to each of that’s really something that in fact we have lead to what we call non-call processing test. In the past, people for cellphone would have to test a phone in operation that the phone would have to connect to a base station to be fully tested. Now it is no longer tool for most of the phone test strategies and we have been a leader in helping progressing towards this, and we will keep doing this with the current generation and the future generation of our products.Richard Eastman – Robert W Baird : And can I also ask you, Guy, when I look at the EMG orders and the decline year-over-year could you just speak to the decline geographically, and just approximate decline in the three regions, in orders. 
Guy Sene: Well, if I normalize for the deal that we spoke about, that is obviously in terms of revenue mostly impacting our business in China, because that’s where the largest bases are. I would say the rest of the decline is pretty even across all geographies. So the order and the large customer that order was a China order in the past.
Unidentified Company Representative: And regarding the operating margin, at midpoints we’re getting to an operating margin of slightly over 18%. So it is no, I’m looking at, it is versus in Q2 and in Q1 we had 17.2%, in Q2 19.3%. So it’s about staying at around the same levels for the rest of the year at midpoint. The impact of being in Q3 and then our typical recovery into Q4, and to the point, the average will be actually roughly what it is in the first half.Jon P. Groberg – Macquarie Capital:  That’s helpful guys. It looks like Q3, it’s a significant step down. Q4, it comes back up as it does historically, but maybe just as a group given the initiatives on the gross margin side on the LGA side, just any insight in terms of what you expect for EMG margins in the second half versus the LGA margins.
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me just take that question in the way we report our regional orders and revenue equal to have shown as the Americas.Richard Eastman – Robert W Baird : Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: No we did not have any major or out of the range cancelations.Richard Eastman – Robert W Baird : Okay, all right. Thank you for taking the questions.
Lars Holmkvist: Sure, it’s true that in the last two quarters we’ve seen the overall market growth rate being slight to nearly 10%, I would probably say that the last two quarters have been around 6% to 7% growth rate overall. So indeed the market has come down and that's mainly driven from the fact that you have some changes call it in the legislation or the recommendation in the US. We do think that that is going to pan out, so we probably will have to bleed through another two quarters until we are into an annualized impact of that where the market again is going to kick up, so also it’s true that the market has been somewhat slower in the last two quarters.  Now back to the question around Dako, how is Dako doing well. Look at the performance currency adjusted Dako grew this quarter at 4%. If we in all fairness look at the real compared to prior year and we exclude some of the sale that Dako made to [involve] those countries that didn’t recur as we pick this year, Dako was actually up to 6%. So fact we actually tell you that Dako is improving in its performance and the market seems to be at least temporarily and now taking down. So, if I compare to the two companies that was out reporting as before us, it’s probably fair to say that our coproduce time was pretty respective.Jon P. Groberg – Macquarie Capital: Thanks a lot.
Lars Holmkvist: Sure Bill. So, obviously a little rough to come out and take a shot at potential acquisition and targets here, but somewhat around the thinking here, I mean, two things are coming to play here. Clearly technologies from our Genomics Solutions Division is going to find its way into the Clinical Lab channel, covered by the Dako folks. So, basically we’ll see kind of more of a validated regulated play from the organization for the array business. We hope that we will be plugging some of the holes in our sequencing offering. I mean, we have a great basically HaloPlex offerings or select offering. We are looking at how we can complement that with let’s say other tools at this point in time and we are deeply diving into the opportunities in that market that we see here. And clearly, the Dako channel is going to be able to leverage what comes out of the GST organization and we’re going to play that partially into cyto labs, but obviously into the core channel that we have in the core pathology area. That’s going to happen. We have a fairly, call it, exhausted list of opportunities that we are looking into. A path will be passed at this point in time on the key areas and potential targets that we are looking at. But I would expect that in the next couple of months, maybe even the next year or so that you’ll see the organization DGG being fairly active in a few areas, let's put it this way at this stage. Isaac Ro – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it thanks.
Lars Holmkvist: Sure, Bill. Well, we got the sales force expansion in APAC. I'm happy to report that we are pretty much ahead of schedule there and we have completed the hirings as per planned for the full fiscal year. So, the majority of the hirings are going into China. We are probably adding another 25 to 30 customer facing resources. They're now ongoing training and we believe they're going to be, starting to deliver and become operational from the third quarter.  If I look at our development in China right now, Dako year-to-date is growing at around 60%, the base is low, but we are actually placing a great number of instruments, we'd see substantially up compared to prior years. So, I think we're making very robust progress and APAC as a region is obviously the fastest growing region for Dako at this point in time. We will continue to drive our business model towards a direct customer access. We have recently completed acquisition of a local distributor in Korea and we will be looking at other opportunities to get closer to the customer and also to capture the value stream of such a transaction going forward. So, Asia, we continue to invest in more footprint in front of the customer. In terms of the pharmDx or Companion Diagnostics as we call it right now, pleased to say that we got a major customer contract where we agreed with Pfizer on a long-term developmental agreement that obviously also comprises some type of advisory services from a regulatory point of view and also marketing point of view and this is subject to support one of the new developments in the pipeline, which is not disclosed by name at this point in time. We also got two important news, [we got to our drag], so basically our HercepTest and the HER2 FISH is the only companion diagnostic today approved to support the use of Kadcyla from Genentech. So we are in a privileged position and we see now an uptick of our business in that regard. In terms of other milestones here, probably fair to say that we will continue to announce more partnerships with Tier 1 pharma companies in this particular field and from fiscal year 2014 and onwards, we do expect to see a steady stream of new companion diagnostic test that will be marketed through the Dako sales organization.Shaun K. Rodriguez – Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Michael R. McMullen: Sure, Bill. I think the slight recovery you saw in the chemical end of the space is really driven by the emerging markets in Asia. I don’t think it points to an overall fundamental strong recovery yet in the global market space. Although the new product that Bill referred to earlier launched in Q2 or shipped in Q2 did have an impact, but I think I would really point to the geographic strength in China and other emerging economies. Dan Anthony Arias – UBS Securities LLC:  Thanks very much.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, thanks for the opportunity to share some insights here. So, it's both Europe and the U.S. And the story here is continued weak government funding at both the federal and state level. So if there is one silver line, it does continue to be the emerging market; specifically, China, and you may have recently seen the announcement coming from new leadership about the Chinese dream and how they're going to be the guiding principles to improve the standard of living in China. Now, that will play in very well into the environmental market. But right now, the overall numbers are down given the weakness in both U.S. and Europe.
Michael R. McMullen: Sure. I think what you saw in the recently completed second quarter is what you’re going continue to see in the coming quarters, what you’re seeing from past several quarters, the strong overall global growth environment being driven by the globalization of food supply, increasing demands by growth population have, save food to eat and then high-quality food. And what we’re seeing now is real investment line up behind that. So I pointed to China in my earlier comments and as we talked in our previous call, the market looked like was some of the pause because there is a leadership transition under way than you get, little being ministries reorganize and that’s happening and now we’re starting to see or that has happened, we’re starting to see flows of vessels coming in the food market. I really do think this is a global play being driven out of the emerging markets, but not only constrained to those marketplaces. Then you got a great growth environment on the one end on a global basis and you have to have the right products and solutions coming into that space. And as Bill mentioned earlier, we've had a number of very exciting new offerings coming into the space, whether it be spectrometry products or mass spec, they're all hitting the market and that's really driving the overall market growth that you are seeing from Agilent in a very healthy, while continuing to be a very healthy food market..Shaun K. Rodriguez – Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And then on Dako, can you provide on update where you are with this sales force expansion in Asia, when you will be fully ramped there, what kind of trends you’re seeing in response and also in Dako an update on the formal partnerships you discussed the last couple of quarters and here really put a I am asking about it, are there any specific development or commercial milestones and associated timelines that we should be thinking about? Thank you
