Mike McMullen: Sure. Thanks for the congratulatory comments, Tycho, and we really, actually, continue to feel quite good about our performance in China, as Bob and I mentioned in the call script, I think 8% up on 11% last year, and I think our stack growth is around 19% Q2. It's actually up over our stack growth of 17 Q2. We're seeing this good, strong, Pharma and C&E demand in China. Now, the funnels really remain quite robust.  And I think, now getting to your specific question, we're not seeing any significant changes in terms of ability to get the product in. I mean, there's been a lot of noise for years, I have to say, between the U.S and China, yet the business seems to somehow get transacted. So, Bob, I think we're not really overly concerned about those dynamics. We did have somewhat of a little bit of shipment interruption as some of our Academia government customers were – had [Indiscernible] our VAP tax exemption change.  But I think that was a relatively minor impact on the P&L. But clearly, we're monitoring those developments and you have to continue to work to make sure you've got the logistics of flowing through the country, but we've always been able to find a way and are not overly concerned about it at this point.
Mike McMullen: Yes, that's having one other thought here, Tycho (ph.), is relative logistics. We have divested into a number of forward-looking stocking locations over the last few years, not really has paid us dividend, because we are less dependent on stuff coming directly into the port because we have a lot of in-country inventory.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Thanks. Those specifics, but what I can tell you is that we feel really good about the momentum of the business, the order book is continuing to be strong and that's as of today, where we got the latest view of the early orders through August, so all the momentum remains there.  As I mentioned on our prior earnings call, we feel a really good ability to meet and exceed those long-term growth goals we put out, and the margin goals. I think that's where we stand right now, is we'll get to that in November, but we're feeling good about the trajectory of the business momentum we built here.
Mike McMullen: And Brandon (ph.), I just wanted to maybe have Jacob (ph.) jump in very quickly because we have a continued drumbeat of new introductions into this space as well, which has been the focus and prioritization of our R&D pipeline. Jacob (ph.), I know we had 2 big introductions in Q3 as well.
Mike McMullen: It's our view that there is always a replacement market going on in the Small Molecule space, and sometimes, it picks up a bit more. But then -- and I think we're in that phase right now. I wouldn't say it's a huge acceleration, it's just the solid and probably high changes.
Mike McMullen: So, you do some very good math. So, it's about half-a-point of reported growth rate, Bob. And I'd say relative to Q3, probably a little bit behind the revenue as we learn more about this business or some elements of this global lumpiness, so we're feeling pretty good about how our business will finish, but we're expecting a lot in the Fourth Quarter. I think this is a story of continued acceleration of growth in '22 and beyond and we're just super delighted by the early days of how the teams feel about being part of Agilent.  And then we're really building scale around this business. So, I think it's still a relatively small part of the overall revenue picture today for Agilent, and we knew that going in, I think is roughly [Indiscernible] million, but we would expect really strong growth rates in the coming years and again, we really feel like we're off to a great start with this team.  Just interacting with Mark Li, who is the founder -- co-founder of Resolution Bio. He is really happy about the capabilities that we're bringing to his business to further scale it. So early days, but feeling good -- pretty good about things and [Indiscernible] I don't know if you're saying [Indiscernible]
Mike McMullen: And Vijay (ph.), this is Mike, if I can just add one additional comment too, and I hopefully came out in my prepared remarks, but we're not holding back on investing for growth. So, we're quite pleased with the margin performance, but it didn't come at the expense of our ability to grow down the road.
Mike McMullen: Yes. We're still building our plan. But our intent is to still be able to drive that margin expansion. I will say that we are having our new Train B in NASD come online, which will add a little pressure to it. But, I think, we've been very good about being able to do 30% to 40% incremental and sometimes even higher than that when the margin comes in. And I don't see any reason why we shouldn't be able to continue to do that, Doug.
Mike McMullen: I would just add. [Indiscernible] we're under 22 now. Sorry to interrupt there, but I'd just say that some of our programs, and -- and such are really geared towards making sure we can manage our way through this in '22, so we're on this already.
Mike McMullen: I know. Bob and I are smiling in the room here, and, I think, we can probably put a checkmark on all -- first of those 3 things you mentioned.
Mike McMullen: Yeah, I think that that's fair. I think -- what we've tried to do is set prudent guidance as we've talked about in the past. But certainly, as we've and our customers, more importantly, the market is getting used to dealing in a COVID world, there are fewer variables to be able to understand. And I would look at just what we did in Q2 to Q3, we dramatically increased our Q3 guidance and then did the same thing here for Q4. So, I think our visibility is improving. You should take that away for all the things so you rattled off. Certainly,
Mike McMullen: Yeah. I would say too, Derik, just to give you a frame, China was more than twice the -- China C&E market was in line with the overall C&E growth rate that we saw.
Mike McMullen: I'd say it's relevant till we change it. So, I'm not ready to, on the fly here, revise our long-term growth. But as you may recall, in our December outlook, we said, think about us being more of the high range in that area. And I think [Indiscernible] a little tougher so I put a 7 out there in any type of long-term growth guidance. I think what's changing is the nature of our portfolio, which is we continue to build very quickly, much bigger positions in faster-growing segments. And I think it's probably fair to say that the Pharma market, in particular, the Biopharma market is -- remains very robust, but again, we're sticking with those long-term growth goals at this point in time.
Mike McMullen: Yes, I'm going to invite Sam on this call. He hasn't had a chance to work today in this call. So, Sam, your thoughts of what's been going on in China, I was doing a little bragging on your growth rate there.
Mike McMullen: And just to build on Sam's comments, I mean, we've been working really hard the last several years putting in the right foundational capabilities, building the right commercial channel, the right ability to handle diagnostics products ourselves, and it's really great to actually see those investment starting to pay off in year term growth.
Mike McMullen: I think I'll pass it on to Borick (ph.), who can provide some additional color to the ACG and answer your questions. Go ahead, Borick.
Mike McMullen: Yes, hey, and Matt, maybe just to build on what Borick(ph.) is saying in terms of sustainability, we feel very good about the ability to continue to sustain those levels of margin. It gets back to the work that our service engineers do in servicing our customers. It's mission-critical for our customers, keeping those labs and those instruments up. And our ability to continue to invest in digital, as well as, be there on-site on the labs or with the labs is really important.  A one piece that I would add is we continue to invest in that digital as I mentioned before, and our online orders actually grew faster -- our revenue grew faster than the overall ACG business, which actually speaks to our continued relevance in that space. And obviously, that's good for our customers in terms of either doing business with Agilent, but it also helps from that margin perspective as well.
Mike McMullen: I don't know where they slowed. I'm not sure they're investing for that segment. So, and we're not seeing much happen on the competitive side. We're by far this is -- we're the clear leader in this space, we've continued to invest in our core portfolio pre and throughout the pandemic. So, as you can tell, I'm pretty bullish about our ability to outgrow the competition in this space.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. Let me talk about the fourth quarter and I'm not sure we're going to answer the last one just yet as we're going through our plan, but --.
Mike McMullen: Yes, yes, that was a good try. But I would say for Q4, you're accurate in the belief that our book-to-bill was positive for the quarter, and if you think about Q4, our guidance comprehends high single-digit, low double-digit growth for the LSAG business core growth. And so, I'll leave it at that.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. We'll address that in the Q1 call. But to your point, we've been pleasantly surprised, and it has continued to be stronger than what we've anticipated throughout the first 3 quarters, and what I would say is we don't expect that to slow down any in Q4 either.
Mike McMullen: I do think it's possible. I'm not going to call out because I'm not going to let -- if I call out one, I'm not going to let the other two Division Presidents off the hook. They must have paid you. I think we could continue to do it across the board.  Certainly, we are making investments across all three of the businesses to continue to grow. But we certainly feel like we have opportunities to continue to drive margin enhancement across all 3 of our business groups. Sorry guys.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I would say, Tycho. We continue to invest in China as we mentioned in the call. And there are always bumps here and there, but long-term we feel very good about the business in China.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. And Brandon, to your point, the total in Large Molecules was 52% as I mentioned before. But even if you back out the NASD businesses still grew in excess of 40%. So very strong business on NASD, but it shows that the rest of the business, both instrumentations, as well as the consumables pieces and the other elements on the Pharma associated revenue in Diagnostics and Genomics also, very strong business in it.
Bob McMahon: Yeah, I was just going to say the other thing is, obviously, we're just now having more and more conversations with our existing CDx customers and the power of being able to have our established CDx business on the [Indiscernible] side coupled with NGS-based technology, I think is going to be a real significant competitive advantage for us going forward. So very excited about this business going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yeah, Vijay, it's a great question. And I think if you remember, maybe a year ago we talked about some of these expenses that were going down, and our goal was not to have them come back to the same levels that they had. And these would be in areas around travel, but also leveraging our digital capabilities, and what we've been able to do is be very successful. Certainly, volume is our friend. And the leverage that we've been able to drive across all three of our business groups has really helped.  But if you look at our year-over-year elements around travel and costs associated with marketing programs and digital investments. Our digitals investments have gone up, but the actual return on those investments has actually gone up. And in fact, Jacob just highlighted one of the programs that we had. And so those are -- our goals are for those to continue -- they will continue to ramp next year to come back, but not near the level that they had come prior to the pandemic.  So, we do think that there's a fundamental margin improvement associated with these expenses. And that's why Mike talked about our long-term margin expansion story is intact. It's not going to be 200+ basis points like it were this last quarter, but certainly feel good about our continued ability to drive margin expansion.
Bob McMahon: Maybe what's -- yes, maybe what's underlying your question is inflationary pressures and activities around that I would say that we didn't see any material impact. Obviously, there is some but we're planning to manage that going forward.
Bob McMahon: the momentum that we're seeing, the general economic improvements, and so forth. But as you mentioned, there's still a Delta variant out there, and so well, as Mike mentioned, we haven't seen any impact of that yet. We also recognize that that could change during the course of the quarter. So, we're trying to take all those factors into account, but also try to provide some realistic guidance going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yes. So, Bob, I think it's fair to say that there really is no difference across the regions. I mean, China actually was the area of strength for us in C&E, and I think we're seeing good -- good strength globally, which I think points to the importance of global economic outlook for this segment. And I'd say we're probably earlier middle innings on the -- paused there for a while because we got rate run going with the new portfolio, but a pause. I'd say we're early innings, middle innings.
Bob McMahon: I would say, Dan, to build on what Mike is saying, particularly the pharma market. We do feel that that market, and in fact, Mike talked about it in his prepared remarks that we're emerging as a stronger Company. We do think that the Pharma market, really driven by that Large Molecule area, is a faster-growing market coming out of the pandemic than going into it.  And I think if we look at where our investments are and the performance that we've had in particularly the Large Molecule. Now again, Small Molecule has been doing very well. That, in and of itself, would elevate that overall long-term growth rate to be faster than what we saw going in, which certainly helps us, given that is -- that's our largest market. So, I'll leave it at that.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. I mean, we saw continued recovery. I think we mentioned at the beginning -- at the end of Q2 that we were at pre-pandemic. We exited there. The average was still below. And that steady improvement across our business, across really across all of the regions continued into Q3. And by the end of Q3, we were above. And Patrick, to your specific question about Delta, we have not seen any impact to date associated with that.
Bob McMahon: Yeah, let me add. It seems like a long time ago, but we launched 2 new GCs back in 2019, both at the high end and a mid-range GC. And we talked about one of the reasons that we did that is we've got a leadership position in the GC market. But when you look at it, we're over-index to the high-end, and so the ability for us to be able to have this mid -- mid-range, I think was really critical, and we're starting to see that benefit. And maybe Jacob wants to jump in that conversation. Yeah.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. The only thing I would say is it's the usual suspects that other folks have called out, things like [Indiscernible] and our team has done, to date, an outstanding job of being able to continue to satisfy demand here.  And our expectation is that that's going to continue to happen into Q4. And we've got a continuous improvement program that continues to drive productivity and efficiency gains. And we're expecting that, and to combat some of these inflationary pressures as well as continuing to deliver to our customers. And we will continue to do that into '22 as well.
Bob McMahon: What I would say, Jack, it's a good question, and our products aren't directly tied to the testing. We didn't see the dramatic increase but also didn't see the dramatic decline with the testing there. Ours is more around expanding capacity both in testing and over the course of this last year. We've actually seen it migrate to more therapeutic capacity or excuse me, vaccine capacity in demand there.  And so, we don't see it spiking up or not building that into Q4. I think it's a little too early to tell for -- for FY22. It's been -- it's been reasonably steady the last couple of quarters. And we do expect contribution in '22 and we'll provide more color as we get through our planning process, but we don't see it dramatically dropping off.
Jacob Thaysen: Yeah, thanks for that, Mike (ph.). And that's -- you know, at the analyst said, I think we've talked about in [Indiscernible] that about 70% of our portfolio above that was really focused on Biopharma a so I'm really happy to see that momentum we have right now. And as you also mentioned in the prepared remarks, you know, I'm very pleased with the bio-LC portfolio. In fact, we had and -- and, one of the [Indiscernible] of our momentum is that with that Bio-LC that we introduced here a few months ago.  And we had a virtual conference with more than 1,000 customers participating, and we had more than 25 external scientific speakers, which I would actually say I know it's the best in history by far. So that introduction is actually creating quite a lot of momentum and it allows us to play for all the [Indiscernible] biocompatible space to the 2D-LC, but clearly, also into the Mass Spec, with the Mass Spec at the end of it. And we also mentioned compliance. The FDA [Indiscernible] informatics compliances and all that very important part that most of the Biopharma see as the requirement to do business with them.  And we have invested in this for quite a while, so we ensure that data integrity, audit readiness, and storage of data is the level of security. And right now, we have the offering both supporting our LC, but also all our major marketable Mass Spec instruments. And also, in spectroscopy, with the recent announcement here off the top in the Q2 informatics solutions. So right now, we are -- we have a very strong portfolio and that truly drives our growth. Well, I can continue talking about the cell analysis, but I will --
Jacob Thaysen: Yeah, I was going to say, Brandon as we think about this prior to the pandemic, we were probably slower growth than normal were some of the QA, QC refresh was probably elongated. And now we're starting to see that pick back up, and that typically is an 18 to 24 months kind of cycle. And I would say we're still at the beginning of that. And so, feel good about the continued performance of the refresh cycle going forward.
Jacob Thaysen: Yeah, Mike (ph.). You're absolutely right. I think first of all of them -- I think Bob (ph.) mentioned that also the chemicals and engineered materials market certainly on fire right now, [Indiscernible] in Semicon and in the mining industry, including lease term for batteries.  But we also see the traditional Petrochem markets really start to see some momentum now. And there's a lot of talk about the future of Petrochem but this market is going to pay for quite along. And I think that all the analysis shows that there'll be [Indiscernible], so we see investments coming into this market right now. And the new market that's also coming along is Renewable Energy, which will also use many of our technologies.  And we see a great opportunity there also in the future. They're still in a development phase, but as you know, there's a lot of investments going in here, so we are participating in that also. So, we see a lot of opportunities in GC and the GC is actually seeing momentum both first in the chemical markets, but now into the energy markets.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Exactly. You're actually right on the GT and our strength in our GT, but I think we should also mention our spectroscopy business and the ITPMS, where we have done a lot of work also ITP, OES, and MS, where you're doing a lot of work that is -- that has a very strong market share for the material science. And we continue to take market share in that space also. So, I think you'll see us being very strong here. And we have also a site that we will continue to invest in this market going forward. So that's [Indiscernible] therefore the costumers going forward.
