Mike McMullen: Hi, Tycho. I am in the room. This is Mike and Alicia really appreciates your remarks. And Bob, I think maybe you can provide a little color on Tycho’s questions. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, Tycho, I am going to make a few opening comments here and then pass it over to Jacob. But, as you know, we made our first foray into cell analysis with the Seahorse acquisition and we really were attracted by the growth in this space as well as what Agilent can bring to really accelerate the growth of acquired assets in this space, and we are super pleased to have ACEA and the ACEA team as part of Agilent, but I am going to turn it over to Jacob and you can share your perspective as well. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, Tycho, you can see the excitement we have on this product expanding on the cell analysis business and I think this is a perfect example of how a company coming into Agilent with this great innovative new product and really benefit by the scale of Agilent. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, happy to do so, Ross. So, I think you anticipated some of my response which really was broad based. I mean, we were delighted with the numbers, 16% double-digit for the entire year, but we saw a strong growth in Pharma, Academia, which really the China government is really focused on doubling the number of their – what they call the first-class university, and so very robust funding environment. You saw the overall numbers for Environmental and Forensics and lot of that was being driven by investments in the Environmental space by the Chinese government. We are seeing a strong growth in the aftermarket, continued strength in chemical energy and returned to growth in the food segment. So, the overall view of China was very positive for the quarter.  And as we look at next year, I think, Bob and I were talking about this earlier, we are guiding - embedded in our guidance assumptions is high-single-digit growth in China for next year and despite all the noise that’s out there, what’s really happened on the ground is a lot different. Chinese customers want to buy the most innovative tools for their work.  They want to support the government-led initiatives and areas such as investments relative to healthcare for the citizen are getting funding and we are one of the preferred choices for those customers. So, despite the noise in the environment, the environment remains very solid. 
Mike McMullen: That’s a great build, Bob and one of the things that we noted to our Board last week when the Board Meeting was, what we’ve been doing on the gross margins of our service business as well, which is you often think about the margins are being relatively stable and flat there, since in such a high labor content in terms of delivery. But Mark and his team are really been driving efficiency with new tools and approaches. So, it really is broad based improvement across all three groups. 
Mike McMullen: Jack, I think I’ll let you answer this question since for one of those good news answers, so let me pass it over to you Jacob. 
Mike McMullen: Jack, having the answered the question, I’ll take the first one and then perhaps the second one to Bob. So, the language in the script was just to reaffirm to the audience that we are on track as planned. And the construction is actually complete. We are now in the process of validation. We just had a review late last week on the status and we will get revenue in 2019, but what we were just showing was the big pop up when you get the full year is going to be 2020. 
Mike McMullen: By the way, Bob, probably also as I mentioned specific to our second site or our original site which is Boulder, we actually have found some ways to work the efficiency of efforts here and we are actually planning to get more volume out of there in 2019 than 2018. 
Mike McMullen: Oh, yes. Thanks, Steve, thanks for the clarifying question and Bob I am going to go ahead and take a shot on this and if you need of course correct me and please go ahead. But what we are planning to quantify was the actual impact of incremental duties thereafter all the mitigation efforts.  That does not include anything else. We may be doing relative to pricing. So, that’s not a complete drag on the P&L. It’s all baked into the guide for next year, but we’ve also instituted some other broad based actions to mitigate that as well. But that was just trying to isolate the specific amount of the net incremental duties to the company. 
Mike McMullen: Paul, thanks for the question. So, it’s my hope, one year as CEO of not to be talking about the Chinese Lunar New Year. And 2019 may actually be that year. So, as you know in 2018, it caused a lot of seasonality swings between the quarters and also prior year compares. The way it’s playing out this year it’s happened in the same period of time as it happened in 2018. So, Bob, I think we are not really expecting anything unusual this year from the time of the Chinese Lunar New Year. 
Mike McMullen: I think, Bob has got a really good story here. So, why don't you talk to him about what's going to happen in 2019, already we know. 
Mike McMullen: So, I guess, the message here, Patrick, it’s not over yet. So, we think we got to go few more years of really solid growth in this segment of the market in China. 
Mike McMullen: I think you are talking specifically to China, yes. So, by the way one of the things also when you look at our food numbers, Europe was relatively flat against the double-digit compare. So, I know we are going to – I know your question was focused on China. But that’s – we also saw some other geographic dynamics in the fourth quarter.  Albeit said, we think the business will be growing again in 2019. We think, you may recall, I think it was the second quarter I talked about two sets of reorganizations. One, we thought what happened faster which was the environmental one, which was done and you can see that the pop in some of the growth rates we had.  And relative to the food ministries, we expect that that to take longer to get that side of the reorganization done. I think that’s still holding through the form, which is we are anticipating that kind of taken through the rest of this calendar year.  That being said, we also know some of the money is got to move to the tier-3 and tier-4 cities and we’ve been actively building up our channel there over the last several quarters to ensure we can capture the growth. So I guess, the message here is, still developing as we thought a few quarters ago. Not done yet. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, sure, Derik. I think, you point out, one very good point which is the portfolio of business is a lot different than it was few years ago and in fact I would sort of anticipate I might get this question. That’s why I saw a comment I made in my script if economic headwinds would occur. It’s a different company. By the way we are not at all predicating that, in fact going to be the case.  And, I would say that it would probably follow a fairly similar pattern you saw a few years ago mainly reflecting – impacting the replacement cycle in certain industries, most likely the chemical market. But while the areas where the money being spent on research, I am would think it’s going to be fairly resilient. I don’t remember the exact numbers, but that would kind of like top of mind thinking on that.
Mike McMullen: I still have to answer the question. That’s right. So, think about, as you can see in our script, we were leaving the witness a little bit. I think you picked up on it. So I am going to make some initial comments and turn it over to Bob. So I think it's important to go back in time when we started the new Agilent and I would dare to say, we only lacked credibility in terms of a company that consistently delivered results relative to expectations.  So, Didier and I really set forth a philosophy that really ensured that we are being reasonable in terms of our outlook, but also that you could count on us to deliver it. And we now have a track record of almost four years of doing that. And I would – but if we do think it’s time for evolution of approach, because and I think that’s what Bob has brought to Agilent and perhaps wanted to share your thinking there, Bob. 
Mike McMullen: I would add Kevin to your comment about the technology leverage across the platforms. In fact, that is the intent both for the Intuvo and the Ultivo. In fact, we haven't really had an Intuvo question today, but I would just mention that I think we've posted 14% unit growth in the Intuvo this past year as well.
Mike McMullen: Yeah, Catherine happy to do so. I don't think there's really a new story here, because what we've been saying for probably the better part of last year or so is that, we've developed our own internal capabilities and then, I think we have just augmented our capability here with the addition of Eric Gerber coming over to us from the from Danaher.  We believe that we have ability to really deliver for our shareholders’ value on the M&A we do. And so I'm much more confident in our ability to tackle M&A and really make it part of the Agilent growth story. So we would be willing to take on larger acquisitions. As Bob mentioned in his early comments, there is plenty of room on the balance sheet.  I think it really is more about having the right opportunities and we will continue to be - remain very disciplined in terms of what we look at. But I think it's really limited – our actions will be limited by availability of active targets as opposed to our willingness to engage.
Mike McMullen: Yes, I don't think we have that level of granularity in terms of specific numbers. What I can tell you is that it's been part of the story of a former growth and I think that's a trough. Actually a massive double-digit dollar growth.
Mike McMullen: Yes. This would be just my guess. But I think it’s probably, we're not done yet. I think we expect that to continue into 2019.
Mike McMullen: Hey, Puneet. Thanks, thanks for the question. So, I was trying to preempt the audience about it. But we are really quite pleased with the pick up or really that the double-digit growth if you will of the Intuvo product, because as we said for – since the launch, we knew it would be a measured adoption by customers, because they really want to put the equipment through the paces and really be convinced that it actually does work as advertised and guess what it does.  And now we are starting to see some really nice multiple unit orders coming in particularly as it relates to Mass Spec and at the risk of being Santa Claus or destroying Christmas or ever held, Jacob said earlier, what I can tell you is that our plan is to leverage a lot of the core technologies that were developed in the Intuvo product for potential new versions of gas chromatographs and we work really hard to keep the overall complete portfolio as competitive as possible and as you know the Intuvo covers only about 60% of the application space. So there is work to do on the rest of the portfolio as well.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I think, - thanks, Tycho, and I am pleasured to speak with you. In terms of the end markets, I think we still see nice end-market growth across all the markets. When we think about the various markets, pharma, we would expect leads the way, probably faster than the overall company growth, but we are expecting growth throughout all of the end-markets.  So, we expect a return to growth in food for sure, but also continued performance across all of the businesses or all the end markets. And really, we expect kind of broad based growth across the end-markets as well as our divisions. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, Tycho, I think there’s this one more proof point that we think we can continue to grow the business both in terms of winning some big deals but also as the PD-L1 expands in terms of various cancer types being able to be treated by the Keytrudas and Opdivos of the world. So, it was just more of a proof point, say, this is why we have confidence. We can continue that growth trajectory. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, I was going to say, I think the other thing is, if you look at the various group, each one of the group has actually improved their profitability in the quarter which is nice broad based performance and so, it’s not just one business or one product that’s driving the profitability. It really is across Agilent. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, hey, Jack. Good afternoon. This is Bob on the capital side and to just build on what Mike was saying. Yes, that’s – we do expect some revenue contribution here. But as we’ve said consistently the big revenue uptick is in 2020. And in terms of the capital, of the 175, most of the capital has been spent at the Fredrick site already. There is some additional, but most of that has come down and the 175 is the majority of that is still actually the base business.  Now recall, that higher than perhaps it would have been earlier because of the acquisitions that we’ve acquired. So, we’ve acquired some capital associated and planned, expansion plans there. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, so, on the NASD, what I would look at – what I would think about that is, looking at NASD in total and the total growth rate is still there. So, rather than looking at as a sweep, because we’ve actually found incremental volume out of the existing plan. So we are expecting growth in NASD next year consistent with what we shared back in the summer.  And in terms of margins, what I would say, that’s also I think very customer-driven, because customers have one batch at the one site would for us to kind of finish the work there as opposed to going mid-term into the other sites.
Robert McMahon: And in terms of the operating margin expansion, what I would say is, after adjusting for the 40 basis point reduction, we are still expecting some modest improvement in operating margins. So, what that would tell you is it’s greater than 40 basis points.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Thanks, Paul. And so, this year in FY 2018, we ended the year at roughly at 18% effective tax rate. We are guiding to 17% in FY 2019 and we are working on plans to continue to improve that going forward. 
Robert McMahon: And I think – hey Patrick, this is Bob, maybe just to build on that, obviously, as Jacob and team lay that ground work for putting in the instrumentation, I think, Mark and his team around the chemistries and supplies business also continue to drive very strong growth in China. So I think it’s a multi-phased opportunity for us as we go forward. And so we are really excited about that. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, thanks, Patrick. I think one of the things that I’ve been very pleasantly surprised with this is the amount of rigor and discipline the organization actually comes through. We probably undermarket the Agilent approach externally. But I think the teams are very operationally focused, not just on cost savings at the gross margin line, but really through increasing productivity and efficiency across the organization.  What I would say is that there are still several big opportunities as we go forward. Obviously, still focused on gross margin, but Mike mentioned the digital aspect to this and this has a multi-faceted approach. Not only does it enable us to actually do business easier with our customers and actually drive some stickiness, it also is going to be driving efficiencies in our customer service – cost per order dollar activities and so forth.  And so, as we think about that driving, I would see multiple layers – levers there. I think there is opportunity continue to do that, as well as continue to reinvest some of those proceeds in R&D. So, very excited about the things going forward. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, I would agree with that, Mike and what I would also point to is, if you look at the performance of our China business it’s accelerated quarter-on-quarter, so. And I don’t want that to be lost after just posting a 60% year-on-year growth rate for the total company. 
Robert McMahon: No, I think that’s right. I think when we think about core growth of 5% to 5.5%, that’s faster than what we are expecting the overall market growth to be. So we are feeling bullish about our ability to continue to gain share not only through launch of the new products that we talked a little bit about.  But also continued market execution across our businesses and as we mentioned, it will probably led by the pharma in China areas. But we are expecting solid growth across all of our end-markets as well as geographies. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, hey, Dan. This is Bob. I’ll take that. We are thinking about it in two ways. One is, obviously, as I mentioned doing something throughout the course of the year to maintain our share count at roughly 322 million shares and then we will be opportunistic similar to what we had done in the fourth quarter. Still little early for me to actually come out and give a target in terms of capital structure.  But what I can tell you is, I’d expect us to continue to be very active in the M&A market and I think we have an opportunity to optimize the strong balance sheet more effectively going forward. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, great question. My view is that, what’s powering the investments in pharma, it’s really about investments improve the human condition. It’s all about investing in new classes of drugs, new therapies. Whether it be the biopharma, whether it be cell therapies, various gene approaches that are going on there. We see a new class of drugs such as the RNA-based therapeutics.  So, we think they are fairly resilient if you will to those kind of headwinds, economic headwinds into the fact they would occur. And then also just to remind you particularly in our pharma space, how much of our business is non-instrument related. So, we had a very large recurring revenue business really centered around our ACG business. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, maybe to build on that point, Mike. As I look at the business and the characterization obviously the product portfolio that we have today is very different than what we had before and I think it’s actually more focused on what customers need in terms of solving their problems.  And so, whether that be open lab, where we are actually helping productivity and so forth for the cross labs group just in general. I actually, you could envision where you may have some impact on the instrumentation. But that potentially could be offset, because you would actually have more consumable usage going through as they are looking to keep their instruments longer and so forth or want them serviced.  And so, I think we are in better position now than we’ve ever been and as we think about where our growth is coming from, it’s coming from the fastest part of our business – I should say, is growing, is in fast-growing markets like cell analysis that we talked about before which is going to be less impacted, I think and that’s just because of research and in the pace of innovation. Our ACG business and then obviously our diagnostics and genomics group as well. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, gee, we haven’t even finished a call for the initial FY 2019. But I will give it a shot. What I would say is, there are a number of moving pieces. Obviously, we’ve got a full year of Lasergen built into the plan. That being said, we are still guiding full year operating margins to grow despite that important investment.  And then, we’ve got NASD as well and some of the headwinds around the FX. But when I look at operating margin incremental, so this is not necessarily core, but this would be just looking at the incremental. In FY 2019, they are very consistent with kind of how we exited FY 2018 and what I would say is, we are focused on continuing to drive operating margins, but also most importantly earnings growth.
Robert McMahon: Thanks, Steve. And I know Alicia has been enjoying all the great feedbacks from you and others today. So, as you heard in my opening comments, it’s a bit of mixed feelings about her moving on to her new role in terms of seeing her retired and so next again used to work on Wall Street. 
Robert McMahon: Yes, thanks, Mike. And I would agree. I mean, I think one of the things that we want to do is obviously continue to be and feel comfortable about our forecast, but also recognize some of the potential upsides that we have, as well as acknowledging potential downsides and try to shrink the gap.  And that’s what we’ve attempted to do here is to actually provide a little more color in terms of where we think the business is going in terms of our performance, particularly when we just come off of some very strong business and we are forecasting strong end-markets. And so, as Mike said, it’s not a revolution, it’s more of a evolution of the guidance to help – and we’ve got a track record that gives us more confidence in our ability. 
Robert McMahon: Yeah and Catherine what I would add to what Mike is saying is, when we think about M&A, I think we're focused mostly on the three groups in the channels and the strength that we have to be able to leverage as opposed to creating a new level.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Thank you. Thanks Brandon. In terms of cash flow, yes, I mean I think it's a prudent forecast right now at the beginning of the year. There were no one-timers really in the - in FY2018 or the fourth quarter other than the tremendous performance that we had not only on the revenue coming in early and early part of the quarter and then also – which enabled us to generate tremendous cash flows with our accounts receivable teams and so forth.  So I think it will evolve as we go forward. In terms of the asset impairment that's a small business within our DGG business and we are still expecting it to grow, but not at the level that we had forecasted.
Robert McMahon: Yes, the only thing I would add, Doug is, in terms of your question around FY2019, I can't give that level of specificity into the sub-markets within the chemical and energy market. But what I would tell you is, if we look at chemical and energy, we are expecting that that business to grow slightly lower than what our core guidance.
Robert McMahon: Okay. That's great. And Bob may be, if I can just as a follow-up sneak in a couple guidance clarification questions. First on the buybacks which have come up a couple times. Your stock seems pretty depressed relative to your strong operational performance relative to peers on a valuation basis and your balance sheet is very pristine.  Your guidance assumes a flat share count in spite of the fact that you have plenty of cash on the balance sheet to get more aggressive with buybacks and still have room to do more and bigger M&A. I guess, it's still unclear to me why you're not getting more aggressive with the pace and size of buybacks? Is this really a function of it just being pretty early in your tenure?  And then, I guess the second guidance clarification question would be just regarding the tax rate, your cash tax rate is still a lot lower than 17%. I am just wondering if there's any opportunity or chance that ultimately the tax rate goes a lot lower than what your guidance incorporates. Thank you.
Robert McMahon: Yes, thanks. Thanks Doug. You hit the nail on the head. I mean, it's still relatively early in my tenure as I am trying to figure out all the other various pieces. But what I would tell you is, I think there is opportunity now. Our primary use of cash is actually to do M&A after investing in the business and growth.  And I think we've seen that starting with the work that we did in FY2018 and then just starting here in FY 2019, with closing ACEA and so forth. But I do think we were opportunistic in Q4 and I think that there will be opportunities that we will – if there are opportunities, I should say we will capitalize on them in FY2019. And then, in regards to - what was the second one
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely, Mike, and I am as excited as you are, perhaps even more even since it’s hitting my business. And so, I should say, we started into the cell analysis business with the Seahorse acquisition followed by Luxcel and now here recently with ACEA. And all acquisitions gives us a very differentiated position in the cell analysis business where Seahorse is really a technology that allows for measuring the up and down regulation of metabolism based on oxygen consumption.  We now have ACEA Flow, the flow cytometry which is a great way and a very easy way of doing cell characterization, identification based on the genotype and what – where this would position a market is that it is very ease of use and re-allow many different labs that today feel it’s very difficult to work with flow spectrometry to really start to get their hands around that.  And finally, the ACEA has the xCELLigence platform, which is a great way of measuring cell survival viability through impedance measurement, so those three different modalities really gives us a strong position, especially in the immuno-oncology and CAR-T where they basically bring the ability to measure live cells and how they operate under different conditions is going to be key for the entailing in [indiscernible] and immuno-oncology. So, you will see us continue to invest into this business, but I am very pleased where we are today. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely, thanks for that question and I mean, it’s kind of an very straight-forward story that Ultivo continues to outperform our expectations. We see our customers, especially where we started Ultivo by building applications in the Food and Environmental. And they have been very happy with what they see. In the end, you can actually, with the size of it and the performance, you can actually place three in the – three Ultivos in the same place as you previously could do with one mass spec which gives a lot of opportunities in many of the labs that actually are lacking space.  On top of that, we have done a lot to simplify and improve this software and also the usability as such. We start to see now also the some accounts are really interested in taking on Ultivo. But the mass spec story and the performance is beyond Ultivo and we see a lot also in our 6545XT bioconfirm where we now see on the biopharma side that we start to see a very strong uptake on that. So, it’s really broad based that we see that our robust reliable instrumentation is picking up in the market.  Very excited about the mass spec. But there is a lot of other elements into the overall LSAG business. The ICP-MS is also doing strong. LC continues to come back with great momentum. So, overall, we are really right now firing on all cylinders. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, certainly, Mike. It’s really just a repeat that there are plenty of opportunity in China right now with the larger SPI installations coming in here also in 2019 and 2020. So I think, there are great opportunities in front of us also in that space.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, I think I will not go out and destroy Christmas by go out and tell all the presents we have for you over the next year here. So I am not going to speak directly to what is coming out. But what I can say is that, I am very proud and I am very excited about the 2019 on the NPIs that will come out there.  I think, we’re already started strong with three NPIs that came out the first few weeks in the year here between the LDIR and the Cary 3500 and also the ICP-MS Water Analysis System and the ESI. So that was actually four. And there is much more to come. So I am pretty pleased, but I won't speak to the specifics yet as you'll be positively surprised when you see it.
Jacob Thaysen: The second point is cash rate. I love this one which is yes, Doug there sure is a difference between our cash tax rate and our non-GAAP tax rate and I think Bob and the team have brought down a point so far. But I think you're still looking at some things. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. I think we saw a lot of great performance based on that regulation in 2018 and we would also see it sail into 2019. But we have a lot of other things going on in ICP-MS and we really see that technology being applied in more spaces now with the water regulations coming up where we have really made a nice workflow.  I think that we can see a lot of opportunities there. But generally speaking, ICP-MS is just being a tool that will be picked up from many other opportunities. So, I don't think that we are dependent on one part and one workflow. But we will see these great opportunities in 2019.
