Mike McMullen: Yes Patrick, a great question and before I go to the answer I just want to extend my apologies to all on the phone and I understand we had some transmission difficulties earlier on the call, so hopefully it is now coming through loud and clear, but we will make sure that we address all your questions in case we weren’t clear throughout the call. Yes, relative to the LSAG growth, I think you hit on one of themes right off the bat which is the top compare. So we were expecting growth to moderate to low single digits versus this touch compare and I would point out that we had good pockets of strength in Pharma and environmental forensics. I would say there was some noise in the quarter particularly in January with the U.S. shutdown and some China trade rhetoric. There was probably some transitory impact really hard to tell exactly how much. But I think the look forward is probably is perhaps the most interesting thing which is we see good underlying business demand. The hope that came through in the scratching this up my narrative, we're expecting our growth rates to rebound in Q2 not only because of the comps get easier but you've got this underlying strong business demand and we have a number of very new exciting launches underway and these launches will be delivering the revenue in the second quarter.
Mike McMullen: Yes, Bob I think this is probably the highest quarterly Q2 growth that we've ever given in our history, so while it may be an element of conservatism relative to historical guide this is the highest we've ever guided.
Mike McMullen: Yes, absolutely Ross a great question and I'm glad to hear we're coming through much more clearer and do appreciate the recognition of the kind of unusual timing of when we report relative to others in the industry. But specific to China and then maybe I'll just give you kind of an overall narrative on China and get to your specific question. So when we were guiding for this quarter we expect our growth moderate to low digits really given the tough compares and a 19% growth last year and we continue to see really strong demand in Pharma and environmental. I think that environment demand really speaks to your commentary about the continued funding that exist in China relative to their priorities and this as mentioned here I will cover in a minute C&E, but last year our C&E business grew I think 34% just I think one. Relative to food, I would say, you know puts and takes of thinking in my narrative, but we are seeing a slower rebound than anticipated in the food market, but we do expect our food business to return to growth later this year and we can dig around in some more detail later if you like on that one. But I think really kind of the outlook is really the most important point here again which is, we're expecting a stronger Q2 growth rate which are some small all long in terms of our guide because the good underlying demand is there. And as the comps easily move into Q2 you may recall Q2 results last year and then and that’s the narrative around was a fundamental change in our business in China which turned out not to be the case within over a double-digit growth last year. But I think if you look in Q2 you got the comp easing. You've got this continued strong underlying demand and we have new product launches that might turn into revenue in Q2. I do think that the continued to drag out if you will of the China tariff discussions between the U.S. and China, put the level of uncertainty in the marketplace and may be perhaps those customers who have more export driven activity which is relatively the only part of business might be holding back a bit. I think that – eliminating that cloud of uncertainty would certainly help but despite that, we still see really good demand in China.
Mike McMullen: Yes, hey Bob, thanks for jumping on the answer as well, because you may recall in some of our earlier discussions we've statistically highlighted the underrepresentation we have in our ACG and DGG businesses in China and the view that they were really poised to have a lot of long flung, just sort of long runway with all terms of exceptional growth and we've seen that through this year so far.
Mike McMullen: Yes, and Tycho the discussion we're having inside the company is this has been a decade in the making. Yours truly actually was the GM when we came out with the 7890 product which hit the market in 2007. So you can see the amount of advancement made since that time and how we're leveraging the initial investments we made in Intuvo GC platform.
Mike McMullen: Sure, happy to talk about also, for the first time in a number of years we're not talking about Chinese New Year in our earnings call so nothing unusual happened this year relative to the dates moved around between quarters and obviously it moves the numbers around for compare, so nothing unusual happened relative to the business flow if you will as a result of the Chinese New Year. And I mentioned some of the noise around the U.S. Government shutdown. I'd mention two things. First of all just a reminder, when you look collectively at the entirety of all the U.S. Government agencies, U.S. Government is our largest customer and they were basically out of pocket for months. And I think what you may be pointing to Tycho, with some of the products require an export license from the U.S. Government, so obviously that didn't happen. And some of that product didn't find its way into China into Q1 because we didn't have the export license. That's just a transitory thing. We'll see that flow through and overall it is really, really immaterial to the company's quarterly results.
Mike McMullen: Yes and we still have a lot of conviction on the game changer Intuvo GC, but we do see the adoption rate to be here much more quickly than the Intuvo ramp because there's really a direct replacement with new capabilities for our 1790 and 7820 offerings.
Mike McMullen: Yes, Derik, I'll jump in on this one. So actually some of the deals we've done have been really targeted academic, whether it be Seahorse Biosciences, the iLab. So we like that space, but I'd say it's more from a collective end market, market view. And so, I think you hit on a couple of areas that we're interested in, the genomics and the cell analysis. Cell engineering is an area of interest for us. We also think there is things we can do on the ACG consumables portfolio and also remain very interested in informatics as well. So we think there's a lot to be, luster out there that kind of fits our model of companies that are primarily in the private space that really would welcome being part of the Agilent culture.
Mike McMullen: Yes sure. I mean just I'll start with a reminder Lasergen is important to us but it's one of many R&D programs both within Agilent even within DGG. We are on track. We're meeting our internal expectations. We're really pleased with the progress that the team is making. You won't hear anything specific that we'll talk about at AGBT. We're tracking along and more to come in the course of the coming years.
Mike McMullen: Yes, so I might just go ahead and handle this one, you can jump in on it, but we brought in a new general manager probably about 24 months ago and really came in and looked at our existing facility and saw opportunities from we call our agile Agilent program, but from our process improvement we said, hey there is more that we can garner in terms of growth out of the existing facility by really changing some of the aspects of how we conducted the manufacture. I think we've been able to actually if you will squeeze more out of the existing sites than we had thought. And then relative to the status which is the same I think we're still on track for bringing this on online by the end of this fiscal year in terms of producing GMP grade material. The site construction is essentially finished. We're now in the midst of validation which is really quite a task given the scale of what we've constructed here, but still doing good.
Mike McMullen: So I think the bottom line there is, I think we've got good plans in place. We're not expecting that to have a material impact in the quarter.
Mike McMullen: So Puneet, I think you must have been listening very carefully to my comments, the slight, the scratching is coming through. So I kind of alluded to that which is and it's hard to put a quantitative number on it, but we clear things that happened which is, this product has been 10 years in the making, a decade in making I'd like to say and of course our customers knew it was coming and I think some may choose, as Jacob mentioned, to go with the 7890 right now because they are there they still want to see the new product, but we think that there was a quick uptake in 8090. So that may, I think that is part of the story, can't quantitate [ph] it, but also again one of the reasons why we were optimistic about our ability to get some good growth and back to growth in the chemical energy beyond what we saw in Q1. So I think there's more to the story than the tough compares.
Mike McMullen: Yes, yes, yes, that in fact Jacob just dropped me a note the other day and we started shipping this week.
Mike McMullen: Right. And that was perhaps more of an oversight in terms of calling out the [indiscernible] narrative with a 10% overall growth in pharma, small molecule also was healthy.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Thanks for the question. So this is a conscious decision I made and we started sort of laying the foundation with Sam coming into that role and continuing now with a new hire in Eric Gerber. And what my view was when I first came into this role I really had to get the foundation this company established and I think we've got our core operations under control, we've got our pipelines, our R&D roadmaps redone. We've got a whole new way of operating the company or running this company. And you've seen it in the early years in terms of the results we delivered, but we also have this opportunity to use this great balance sheet we have to, as Bob described it to acquire growth assets. So I think the company from a foundational standpoint is in the position to be more acquisitive. I also believe that we have been building the muscles in terms of actually making the acquisitions work for the company. And we continue to work to get better at this and are very active in the market. I think we did a record number of acquisitions last year and you can start to see that it's paying off in terms of material impact to our growth rate. Again our model doesn't require M&A, but is a nice adder. And as Bob mentioned, I'll just re-emphasize this, we're looking to go into markets and acquire businesses where they can leverage the One Agilent model of innovation and where the acquired companies have something of a difference in nature, have a differential team and are in the segments of the market that are growing faster than the overall company. We passed on opportunities where assets were available and we didn't really see a path to grow. We are a growth company and that's the type of assets that we want to acquire. So it was a conscious decision and I think we plan on continuing to be active in the market.
Mike McMullen: Yes, I think I know this one sort of go ahead and handle this one, but our strategy here is that right now we're a component supplier into the NGS workflows of some of our major competitors and have built a business in excess of $250 million. Our view is that ultimately we see a view where you need routine market that you are going to need to have a turnkey easy to use workflow solution. We have a lot of the components of that already and you may recall that from Sam's overview at our Analyst Day back last year. The missing piece was to actually have a sequencer. So our thoughts are not to compete box-to-box in the sequencer business, but really try to build the best workflow for that cancer diagnostics marketplace.
Mike McMullen: Yes, so I think when you think about the chemical and energy market I think we want to primarily think around the 8890 and 8860 portfolio, because that really is the target market for this product and that's why I went to great length in my narrative which probably nobody was able to hear because of our transmission difficulties, but that this really is right after the mainstream chemical and energy market, the Intuvo is really geared towards those high volume routine labs in food and environmental really a mass spec based analysis where the chemical and energy market tends to be more gas GC only kind of marketplace. So we're really excited about the product. I won't give you a specific number, but I can say this is one of I believe the proof points why we believe there perhaps is some upside to our current outlook on chemical and energy which believe, I think Bob we've got a low single digit for the year.
Robert McMahon: Yes, hey Patrick, thanks for the question. I think you hit the nail on the head in terms of as Mike mentioned we're kind of cautiously optimistic. We do have an easier comp in Q2 and we've also reflected a higher guide at the midpoint for Q2 relative to what we had guided to in Q1. As we think about it, we are still expecting performance in ACG and DGG. LSAG we do expect to improve in Q2, but we're being cautious a bit on some of the forecast and when we think about things like chemical and energy those are areas that we potentially have upside going into not only Q2 but Q3 and Q4 as well.
Robert McMahon: I think on that and Ross, just to add, I think both on the ACG side as well as the DGG side, those businesses continue to remain robust really leveraging that installed based and so I think when we think about China we think that long term the growth is certainly there. We're continuing to invest in China and expect growth in excess of the total company average over the course of the year.
Robert McMahon: No Mike, I think you hit the nail on the head. We have a positive momentum going and the inorganic parts are well known, but I think I also would share that last year's Analyst Investor Day and excited that upcoming next week at the AGBT conference we'll be formally unveiling the Magnus NGS Library Prep, sample prep system so there's a number of good things happening in DGG.
Robert McMahon: Well that's right. That's right. It was low single digit stand and that's kind of what we were expecting.
Robert McMahon: Yes. So yes let me give you a couple of data points there. So the majority of the operating margin expansion was through our operating expense. The tariffs were about roughly $4 million in the quarter which was in line with what we had expected. So year-over -year that's a $4 million kind of headwind. M&A, if you include the Lasergen was also about $3 million or $4 million all in a reduction year-over-year as well. And then the tariffs were offset by productivity enhancements and gross margin and you saw that. And then the R&D we actually spent more in R&D, but we're able to offset that through productivity savings and our SG&A through our Agilent programs. And so, that hopefully gives you kind of a sense for the 120 basis points improvement. It was really on top - on the strength of the top line driving leverage in our core operating expenses as well as being able to offset that tariffs and the investments that we're making in R&D and the new businesses really driving more efficiencies in the G&A areas.
Robert McMahon: Yes, so I've been with the company now for about six months and you know as I think about that we were active in the quarter. I can see us between M&A which is our primary focus of utilization of capital in the back half of the year between M&A and/or share repurchase I would expect us to be probably a little more active. That's not built into the guide Derik. We prefer to use that cash and the strong balance sheet that we have on growth assets as we did over the course of the last 18 months, but we do not see ourselves continuing to hold a significant cash balance.
Robert McMahon: Let me just add something real quick there. I think the beauty of it is, I think as we look at our portfolio of funnel of opportunities it's really across all three of our business groups, not just focused either on the genomic side or other places. And I think you've seen that through what we've been able to do really leveraging the strength of Agilent as you said and I guess your next question is around Lasergen.
Robert McMahon: Yes, and Mike you said it all. We, operational excellence was in I think full order in Q1 and we're making really good progress for opening of our second facility.
Robert McMahon: Jack, I think that was the thing that was probably one of the most gratifying, it was really across all of the business lines within DGG. It wasn't being driven by one or just a handful, it was really across, it was a nice performance.
Robert McMahon: So I think the growth for - outlook for total China is the same as it was at the beginning the year which was above the overall corporate average I think high single digits is what we've been probably looking at.
Robert McMahon: Yes, great, thanks Steve. Yes, so we are assuming that it will ramp back up to 25% at the end of March and then for the rest of the year. And so, we built that into to our guidance. So if something happens there this - such a trade either gets delayed, that would be potential upside for us. I think more importantly just removing the uncertainty of what that looks like I think we'll free the market just in general and it's probably less about the dollars associated with the tariffs and more associated with just kind of clarity about what path we're going to be going forward.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I mean I think if you look over the course of the last couple of years we've had significant gross margin improvement really through the great work that the operations team has been able to drive. And then also the pricing discipline that the commercial teams have been able to do as well as positive mix. This quarter you saw that moderate really because of the tariffs and if it weren't for tariffs we would've had I think some very good gross margin improvement. I think once we anniversary gross margin, the tariffs this year which would be in Q4 you'll start to see gross margins go back up for the things that you talked about as well as just the ongoing operational improvements that we have. We had guided to call it modest, call it 50 to 70 bps on a restated basis operating margin improvement, a combination of both gross margin and an operating expense improvement for the full year. In Q1, we were ahead of the game which is good news and a lot of that came through the operating expenses, but I would expect us to probably be about this range and probably be a little stronger in the back half of the year as we anniversary the tariffs on gross margin. But going forward, I would see us really focus on growth driving margin expansion in that 50 to 70 basis points being kind of evenly split between the gross margins and operating expense line.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I would say later on this year as I get through kind of the rhythms of the business in terms of as we get a better feel for that. What I would say right now is we're in a net cash position. We actually used more cash than we generated in Q1. I would expect that to continue over time. I don't see us using it all in one quarter, but we will continue to deploy our capital in a growth oriented way. We continue to drive dividend growth, but I think just as importantly and probably more importantly investments in faster growing areas to augment our strong portfolio already and then couple that with share buybacks.
Robert McMahon: Yes, and I think, Dan to your question, none of these individually is going to move the needle on the total company, but collectively the portfolio of new products that are being introduced, not only in LSAG, but across our portfolio is really what's helping us sustain and feel confident that our growth is going to continue above market levels just because of the value proposition that these are able to provide in the marketplace.
Robert McMahon: Yes. In general that is - that's consistent with, we haven't changed the forecast there relative to what we had said at the beginning of the year.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, certainly, and back on to the chemical and energy you are absolutely right Mike that we continue to see lot of programs in place and projects in place for – in China. So we expect a lot of opportunities in that space also going forward as I also mentioned last time. But we are of course very excited about the new 88 series, not only is it what we call the smart connect and really we've put a new class in of smart connected instrument and which is a key component in our digital lab strategy. But what also gives us now is a great opportunity for the huge installed base we have out there with the 7080s we have a very strong start throughout and refresh the installed base. Now everybody would like to upgrade to an even better solution. It is well known technology, so you can very easily transfer your methods from the 7080 over to the 8080, but there is a lot of new features we have added into this. All the technology we have invested in Intuvo is now coming to full effects here and all the units smart connect what we talked about, first of all you can have the remote monitoring, but yes, really we have built in a dual core processor and what it does really is that it allows you to continuously having one processor continues to monitor the health of the instrument which allows you to really understand what is going on, get the smart alerts so you can really upfront understand what's happening. You can reduce your unscheduled downtime and this is a huge opportunity for the labs out there. So we are really excited and I can tell you our customer is at least as excited as we are right now, we see a lot of demand for it.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, we did sponsorship this week here, so this is happening. We, as I mentioned before it's based on our proven technology and so it's very easy to transfer methods. Actually you don't have to do anything, so you would actually expect most customers, that was looking for 70, 80 probably pretty quickly move over to 88. We do see some customers that are conservative that is a production that want to wait maybe a few months, but this…
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, that's a good question and now we have - we really have three main solutions in the GC space. We have the Intuvo which really goes after the ultimate ease of use with hyperactivity especially combined with mass spec, so that's that great area for the routine use with Intuvo. Then we have the 8860 which is focusing more on a routine application which are more of the standard ones, but also demands some type of ease of use and allow us also to play in the midrange space. And then the 8890 which is the high - where we have customers requiring high flexibility and performance that needs very high requirements and performance in the space which is really HPI space and other elements that's where its more complex. So these are really the three areas we play it's all now based on the same core technology with smart connectivity and remote access and all those built-in health monitoring capabilities, so it fits very well together. And the same ease of use platform.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, what came out here recently was more for the small molecule, Mike and Q-TOF. So what we came out a year ago was the Q-TOF for the last molecule, we had advanced bio and we've had a lot of success with that coming out with a full solution. We're now taking that technology and have focused that into to also address small molecules, within specifically within the food environmental market but also in the academia research. So the success we had where we started out in the biopharma and one of the first early movers into the biopharma space, particularly focused on discovery and R&D. We now, we of course will continue to invest into the biopharma space also going forward.
