Ronald Nersesian: Yes, Will. Overall, our deliveries are getting longer on certain products, but we have not seen it affect our order rate or an order cancellation rate. We continue to make progress to bring in some of the deliveries that were lengthened out due to this quick market recovery. But overall, we built $75 million in backlog in Q2, and we will start to ship some of that backlog out in Q3 and bring down the order-to-revenue gap.
Ronald Nersesian: Most of the backlog will be shipped in the quarter. Some of it is actually -- goes out longer than that.
Ronald Nersesian: We're seeing them typically stabilize and come in on certain products. In particular, capacitors and integrated circuits are the areas where there's the most concern. But again, we’re making good progress on the supply chain and bringing in our deliveries.
Ronald Nersesian: Approximately a year ago, we committed to get to an operating model of 12% operating profit on $600 million worth of revenue by this quarter, by Q2. We not only achieved that model, we continued to bring a nice incremental above the $600 million as we delivered $660 million worth of revenue, and that's why Didier had mentioned the overall incremental for EM relative to last year was 115%. This is not only because of the recovery, we have the strongest gross margins in the history of EM within Agilent at 58%, whether you look at it before we include the divestiture or after you include the divestiture. And things, overall throughout the whole segment, look pretty stable right now. And we're very pleased with where we're at.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. I would just talk about three different factors. First, discounting as Bill has mentioned. And with regards to discounting, as product availability has lengthened, discounting has been less of an issue. The second issue is with regards to the inherent prices you can charge for your products. And as we continue to focus on technology leadership with our high R&D investment, we're seeing higher-priced products with higher gross margins in general from our top-end network analyzers, our top-end Spectrum Analyzers, and now with the addition of brand-new real-time oscilloscopes. The oscilloscopes that we introduced a couple of weeks ago are the world's highest performance oscilloscopes that deliver the world's highest bandwidth, the world's lowest noise, the world's lowest jitter. All these things that are very critical to the overall market and to end customers. Not only did we introduce those products, we have started shipment on those products to customers and that helps. The third piece is in cost reductions and we continue to have a focus on making sure we streamline our operations. So one, our discounts remain to be managed very well. Two, our product portfolio has more of a performance leadership characteristic which adds higher gross margin. And three, we continue to go after costs to make improvements on the order fulfillment side. And all three of those have led to record gross margins for Agilent and EM.
William Sullivan: So our policy’s just to book orders at six months in advance moving forward so typically, one month’s orders can potentially be next quarter's revenue except for the issues that Ron talked about in terms of continue to work on getting sufficient components in-house. Again, EMG continues to be the big wild card in upside on this. It's hard to forecast continued 50% order growth. If it does, we'll have higher forecasts in the future.
William Sullivan: Also, I think, it’s a testament to the great product platforms that we’ve introduced over the course of the year, from Spectrum Analyzers, network analyzers and, of course, our recently released oscilloscope. Not only did Ron's organization resize for the realities of the downturn, but we continued to invest and ensure that we had leading-edge platforms. And I think that the marketplace is recognizing that if you compare our growth versus the market.
William Sullivan: Well, in terms of where the business is, if you normalize for a full six months and going for the added revenue for the company without any market growth is about $800 million. That's obviously a little bit lower, given that we had to divest three of the product lines moving forward. But given how long this took to get regulatory approval, I think that we're in as good a shape as can be expected. And both Mike and Nick are quite anxious to fully engage with the Varian teams and try to drive the top line. As it stands today, even with the divestitures, we believe that we can find $75 million of cost synergies. Our goal, of course, is to try to find as much as we can. But even with the divestitures, we are confident of the original $75 million.
William Sullivan: And also as you know, this is the area that we’re investing as a company. It's an $18 billion opportunity. I believe during this downturn we've done a very good job of making the appropriate investments to ensure that we can capitalize our largest market and Nick's organization is where our largest incremental investment has been made.
William Sullivan: Well, they do have a large backlog in NMR and that can be a real challenge to the team under Nick’s leadership to continue to work that down. The preliminary data suggests that the backlog is consistent to the revenue number that we have forecasted. I have no doubt during the uncertainty that there has been some reluctance on customers to be able to place orders. Fortunately, I think we are very well positioned to quickly integrate the sales team with ours and to really capitalize on what I believe is a market that is in fact expanding.
William Sullivan: A little hard to say what is going to happen in the market. But I will say that we built backlog primarily in the Communications segment. So when you look at the backlog that was built, it was heavily skewed towards Communications and the divisions that ship those type of products. So there is a difference that we see going forward on Communications with regards to growth rate, but of course, we're not counting on a big market upturn from here in order to deliver the forecast that we have given you.
William Sullivan: And, Jon, I’ll add just another comment to that which is, as you know, we've launched our 1290. That’s putting price pressure at the low end but not putting price pressure on the 1290 and that's a good thing. It’s consistent with our plans. And you'll see us continue to launch products in the next weeks and months consistent with our R&D investment from last year. So we're not afraid of the pricing issue. In fact, it’s the opposite, our high-end products are driving that up.
William Sullivan: As we react to the downturn of 2009, we took $525 million of fixed costs out of the system, an additional $400 million of variable expense including 10% salary cut for most of the country. As we go through recovery, we have fully restored pay and we did that on November 1. And secondly, as Didier had outlined, the variable pay that we saved is going to come back rapidly. It is all self-consistent with the Agilent variable pay system, which is targeted at 10% at a 21% Return On Invested Capital. It will be the pay for the results for the management team as the recovery happens. And also, with the order rate coming in so much higher than revenue, our sales compensation is higher than what you would expect. One thing that we have done though that will moderate the second half variable spending is that we have reset the results for the management team in the second half of the year. Obviously, the pay in the first half of the year is well over target. It's always hard to predict the future when you're going through a downturn. And so as a result of that we are resetting the bar for the leadership team starting with myself in the second half, which will take away some of the upward pressure that we're seeing in the variable spending as the recovery comes about.
William Sullivan: If we continue to see the revenue increase and we will continue to be disciplined in our spending, and as Didier said, we have a policy and we've done it for years that we reset pay targets every six months. More and more companies are adopting this. It allows you far more flexibility, particularly in downturns, that I think that we will have well-controlled expenses and we’ll continue to commit to the type of incrementals that we've demonstrated today.
William Sullivan: We've essentially completed the acquisitions. We have, of course, the final divestitures of the four product lines based on the requirements of the European Commission and the Federal Trade Commission. And we will complete that over the next two to three days. So other than the divestitures of the four overlap product lines with Varian, we now have a very stable product portfolio. We will soon be in a net positive cash situation given the cash generation that Didier talked about and the $200 million of cash that Varian will bring into the company. We are committed to maintain our stock share count at 350 million shares, and we will in fact unwind the World Trade relanchement [ph] by January moving forward. Given where we are in the acquisition, of course, the team will want to have some time to successfully integrate Varian over the course of next year, but we would be in a position to do what we’ve always said is to look at the uses of our cash to accelerate our growth through acquisitions.
William Sullivan: Well, let’s give us another quarter to look at – I’m being facetious, we need to make sure that Varian gets integrated successfully and well. And a year from now, we will be in the position to again look at opportunities. Again, this is not counting small bolt-on acquisitions. We continue to target $100 million to $200 million a year of smaller bolt-on acquisitions, and you can imagine that we’ll continue to look at those.
William Sullivan: I'm not sure that I have any better crystal ball than anyone else. Our revenue is up 10%. Unfortunately, it was down sequentially. There are concerns in Europe. Right now, Europe is about 24% of our business. So again, it's the smallest segment from a geography versus the other regions. But we had, had the exact same concerns as anyone, that slower growth in revenue would have an impact. In the short-term, we've got some easy comparers. We have a very credible product portfolio, people are investing moving forward, but we would have the same concerns as anyone else.
Didier Hirsch: So no change to the cash flow projections. It's for Agilent standalone, $600 million on operating cash flow basis and $500 million on a free cash flow basis. So no change. And then we are looking at the additional CapEx that will be required with the Varian acquisition, and we'll give you an update going forward. But at this point in time, we are not in a position to give you an adjusted cash flow projection. And clearly, Varian has been cash flow positive in the past, so we don't expect that the addition of Varian will change the overall Agilent cash flow. And Varian is moving to Agilent with over $200 million of cash.
Didier Hirsch: I thought we can address that question at the Agilent level. Our gross margin was 66.9% and the year-over-year improvement of five points. When it have been from volume would have improved the gross margin by two percentage points, and that is what Bill has referred to in terms of our ongoing improvement in the manufacturing efficiency and supply chain and all those things.
Didier Hirsch: And we do the same thing every semester also for the sales quarter but we have an extraordinary order quarter and some of that is reflected in our sales quarter for the next semester. And that will have an impact on the commission.
Didier Hirsch: And when you run the model, you will see that based on the projections that the guidance will give you, yes indeed, we're expecting an increase in our running profit in the semester in H2 versus H1. So we have not reached the high of our earning profits.
Didier Hirsch: It's absolutely consistent. And from a currency standpoint, the guidance assumes exchange rate as of April 30 but the revenue projections that we've provided you are based on those exchange rates. But as you know, currency fluctuations have very, very little impact, if any, on the bottom line. So it's only impacting the various lines of the income statement.
Nicolas Roelofs: Yes, Jon, so High Court a small impact to the incrementals. Q2 is a quarter where one, we fully restored pay year-over-year so you have to realize that the baseline moved quite a bit year-over-year. And also, our plans were actually significantly lower in incrementals than what we achieved. So we did raise gross profit about four tenths of a point for the quarter year-over-year. So we did have some positive movers, but getting the pay back into all of our employees and getting the variable pay piece really moved that more than any other significant component in there. I'm not sure we gave you full forward incremental to Group level, so I'm not sure I should answer that one.
Nicolas Roelofs: I would say that we're pretty positive and bullish on the incrementals and you just have to look back at the compare to see where the deficit was.
Nicolas Roelofs: I’ll just add a couple of comments on the orders side. A lot of the story particularly in the products that are moving, research products that are moving, in the Life Sciences Group is one of coverage. The Varian team has done a great job in the academic markets, in some of the niches, but they have not been as strong in some of the pharma markets. That's an area where we understand the customers, perhaps not the technology. So blending those two cultures and those two teams will be a great coverage opportunity. And I've been working quite a bit with the Varian people, we’re trying to communicate very clearly to the market that we have confidence in this Research Products group. Imaging is an area that we think we can bring leadership to, and we're trying to communicate with the customer base that any hesitation they’ve had on orders in regard to our performance should go away, that we intend to invest to bring these technologies to product leadership. And that I think will drive the orders line and subsequently the revenue. We all know that there's a long manufacturing lead in these product categories. We will work on that as well. But the first place you'll see it is orders and we'll try to give you visibility there.
