Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. As mentioned by Mike, we delivered higher core revenue growth, operating margin and earnings per share than the high end of our guidance. Earnings per share grew 11% in the quarter versus a year ago. We also generated $194 million in operating cash flow, more than double last year's amount, which gives us increased confidence that we will achieve our previously raised operating cash flow guidance for the full year. FX had a negative impact on revenue of about $10 million or 1% versus previous guidance and $7 million or 0.7% versus last year. It had a negative impact on operating profit of $3 million versus previous guidance and $1 million versus last year. I'll now turn to the guidance for our fourth quarter. We expect Q4 revenues of $1.05 billion to $1.07 billion and earnings per share of $0.50 to $0.52. At midpoint, revenue is expected to grow 1.2% on a core basis. Versus previous guidance, FX is estimated to have a negative impact of $9 million on revenue and $2 million on operating profit. Our 21.3% adjusted operating margin at midpoint will be up 70 basis points sequentially. Now to the guidance for fiscal year 2016. The Q4 guidance results in the following fiscal year guidance. At midpoint, revenue is projected to grow 4.5% on a core basis, no change from the previous guidance. Our earnings per share guidance of $1.90 at midpoint is also unchanged from previous guidance and corresponds to a 9% year-over-year increase. Adjusted operating margin for the year is expected to be 20.4 basis points or 80 basis points higher than in fiscal year '15. And finally, FX is estimated to have a negative impact on a year-over-year basis of $68 million on revenue, $10 million on operating profit related to currency translation and an additional $21 million related to currency hedging.  With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A. 
Didier Hirsch: You pointed out really what we intended to do is maintain the overall core revenue growth for the whole year, and that's how we derived Q4. 
Didier Hirsch: Yes, absolutely. As same thing for operating margin, our approach -- as for revenue, our approach is we didn't -- we wanted to maintain our full year operating margin because, obviously, it's linked to revenue. So we maintain our core revenue growth assumption of 4.5% and our operating margin assumption of 20.4%. Now you are absolutely correct that, that would mean that 50 basis points reduction from the significant operating margin we had in Q4 of last year of 21.5%, still a significant 70 basis point sequential improvement. And you have to take into account, as Mike said, that this is based on only 1.2% top line growth. So a slight reduction in operating margin, still very significant increase sequentially, but slight reduction related to the one -- the assumption that we'd made on the top line growth of only 1.2%. 
Didier Hirsch: Yes. The -- maybe, I mean, again, considering how we explained how we came up with the Q4 guidance, the makeup of the Q4 guidance by market in that academic and government and chemical and energy will show the same core revenue growth reduction year-over-year as in Q3, so minus 5% for academic and government, minus 4% for chemical and energy. So the assumption is no change between Q3 and Q4. And then for the rest, pharma, you mentioned pharma, we're assuming mid-single digit. And again, on a very tough compare and to -- in line with the way we've been very conservative on the... 
Didier Hirsch: Yes. There is more that we can do. Certainly, the profit before tax is going to be a factor. But Henrik, who heads our order fulfillment and the supply chain organization has also committed to a material decrease in inventories. 
Didier Hirsch: So that is also something that we are counting on that will help us continue expanding our operating cash flow as a percentage of revenue or percentage of profits. 
Didier Hirsch: I'd just mention the currency hedging. It had a big impact. It will have a big impact on a year-over-year basis. It's all impacts to gross margin. And ACG and DGG, because of their footprint, have been more penalized. So ACG on a year-over-year basis lost $6 million in gross margin just because of the hedging programs; and DGG, $2 million. So that also explains the difference between ACG, DGG and LSAG. LSAG has a different footprint, obviously with a stronger presence in Europe, for example. And so that can distort a little bit the percentages. 
Didier Hirsch: Yes. We filed back in, what, November 20, I think, of last year a 10b5-1 on an annual basis, and we intend to file a new one, to register a new one also in November of this year. And it's a formula-based instructions that we have provided between buying 350,000 shares a day under certain conditions to buying 0 kind of thing with a cap as you can imagine. So we don't know exactly how it's going to play out in Q4. And the only thing that we know is that if there's any kind of shortfall at all in our intended buying in Q4 because of the formula in the 10b5-1, it will all be carried over into the following year. So we intend to spend exactly what we committed to spend. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Thanks, Mike. In talking to our field, local field in Europe, you certainly get the feedback there is some uncertainty as Mike -- as you said. The Brexit had -- with some of the government in traditional [ph] deals had probably some minor impacts. I think what's concerning us here a little bit is also there are a couple of other countries standing on the sidelines and have other referendums this year. So we are cautious right now, looking at Europe and the growth scenario for Europe for the remainder of the year and also going into fiscal year '17. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, absolutely. Happy to do so. As Mike mentioned earlier in his remarks, we definitely see very strong growth right now in the liquid chromatography business, which has been, for the entire year, double digits. And that is what we see, clearly, also taking market share right now. We had a very strong launch of several waves of the Infinity series starting in 2009 and 2012. And now this year with the 1260 series with another big round of instrumentation and solutions in liquid chromatography, that is very well received by the end markets. We see very healthy replacement business as well, and it's driven by the fact that these solutions are 100% backwards compatible and also compatible with some of our competitors' instrumentations, which makes method transfer very simple and seamless for our customers. So -- and we project this cycle to continue for several more quarters. We don't see yet a loss of momentum. What we see, of course, is that we're getting now into quarters with tougher compare because we have double-digit growth for several quarters now. On the gas chromatography side, again, very strong portfolio as well. The issue we're seeing there is that the core market or one of the big markets for gas chromatography is the energy space. And that, of course, pulled some of our results down at this point in time. If the market comes back, we think we are in an exceptional position to pick up this pent-up demand that we see. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, when the market comes back. Yes, when the market comes back, sorry. So I think we are in a great situation there as well. We have an outstanding product portfolio and ability to capture the growth when it gets back. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. And in addition, if I may add, we had a very strong quarter Q3 last year in Americas. So it's a tough compare. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Not a lot. And as you said, there's -- a lot of our competitors definitely have also a mixed bag, on average, I would say. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Well, I -- thanks for the question. I can give you only a general flavor here on what we think is going on in the market. I will not comment on the individual competitors, but your assumption that the smaller suppliers probably take a larger hit is also our observation. 
Michael McMullen: Great. So I'm going to handle your -- well, I'm going to handle the first part of this question. And then I'm going to turn it over to Jacob, and he'll reassure you about the long-term growth potential, which is the reason why I supported the investment. But just as a reminder, I think this is roughly about 5% or so of DGG's overall revenues in the range of maybe $16 plus million or so. We still have capacity at the current site, but we've got a -- more demand than we can handle in terms of long-term outlook from our customers. So we can't bring on this capacity fast enough to satisfy the customer demand. We think this will be a bigger part of our growth story as we talk to you about 2017 and 2018. And I think as you'll hear from Jacob, there's a high degree of confidence that the business is going to be there. And perhaps you can provide a little context of what exactly is this business and why are we so confident that the market is going to be there for us. 
Michael McMullen: Yes. Jonathan, I'd be happy to share my thoughts here. And in fact, I, perhaps, will build on some of the comments I made in my prepared remarks. But we're still -- we are still seeing ourselves on the same path that we talked about just a month or so ago in New York. I think it actually was 2 months ago when I think about it, but our position remains the same. We are still confident we're going to be able to achieve the overall projected core growth of 4.5%. And there's some new -- there really are some new factors that we think support this level of growth. First of all, we've -- we have a rich pipeline of new product introductions coming in Q4 and in FY '17 on top of what we've already introduced this year. We think our customers are going to be really excited about what we're bringing to market, and that's going to help drive share. So we know we got this NPI pipe going through the system right now with releases coming up in the several quarters on top of what we've done. The second thing, I -- we also have recognized the fact that the Agilent business model has really changed a lot over the last 18 months or so. We have a lot more recurring revenue. And if you look at the ACG and DGG business, which now represent over half, I think it's 52% the last time I did the math, of Agilent's revenue. These are just inherently much more predictable revenue streams, and you saw in our Q3 results how both groups delivered high single-digit growth. And they're not subject to the same types of issues we're seeing in the capital-intensive chemical and energy market, for example. And then the third thing I'd say is when you think about our LSAG instrument business, in addition to the impact of these new product introductions I mentioned, we do expect that pharma and China market is going to remain significant growth drivers, although I think they will be below these double-digit levels we've seen in 2016. And as mentioned in our last call, we still expect that the chemical and energy market will have bottomed by the end of calendar year 2017. We're not ready to... 
Michael McMullen: Excuse me. Sorry. Thanks, Didier. I got my ears confused there -- by the end of the calendar year 2016. We're not ready to call bottom, but we do see in 2017 that we're forecasting that we could be in low single-digits growth in a market which has had 18 to 24 months of pent-up demand for equipment that supports the production process. So they're the 3 factors that have gone into our thinking as we have thought about the 2017's growth rate. Honestly, we'll give you the official guidance at our next call. But I would just reinforce our view today is that we're still on track to what we told you in May in New York. 
Michael McMullen: Absolutely. I think the quarter was actually in line and actually a little bit better than we had anticipated coming into the quarter, so no major surprises in our Q3 results. And as you can imagine, we were delighted with the ability to deliver above our expectations, both top and bottom line. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, absolutely. And then, Patrick, if you could break it out, obviously, between liquid chromatography and gas chromatography as well. 
Michael McMullen: Yes. And the reason why I asked Patrick to segment his remarks in liquid chromatography from gas chromatography, we have an outsized exposure in gas chromatography. And when the -- relative to the #2 competitor space, we're at least 2x the #2 person. And so when our major market is down, it really hits us. And that's why, again, we were really quite pleased that we were able to deliver the growth we've done so far, with our #2 market actually being down below our initial expectations coming into this year. 
Michael McMullen: I think the big one there is the chemical and energy market. So it's down pretty sharply, and I think that's bringing down the overall numbers as well as our academia and government business was down over last year. Although we think some of that -- the way we're thinking about our plan for the rest of this year, we think the federal money will be there in the fourth quarter for us. 
Michael McMullen: I think the biggest dynamic there is there's a subsegment within environmental as well where we pick up our forensics business. And we report externally just the total environmental business, but a lot of big deal activity in forensics. So last year, we had a lot of big deals at this point in time. The overall environmental market has given me big deals in the second quarter. So it's really a forensic-driven phenomena, which is where we didn't have as many big deals in the third quarter. And this business tends to be a little bit more lumpy than our base environmental business. 
Michael McMullen: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ross. And why don't I go ahead and just share some thoughts about the Q4 guidance. And then, Didier, maybe you can dig through your notes on the NMR impact. But I think it's important for me to share with the audience here today about how we thought about our Q4 guidance. I think this may get to the root of some of your questions. As you heard on our call, first of all, we're quite pleased with the higher-than-guided core revenue growth that we delivered for Q3 after having raised last -- in last call. And I think we've got this increased confidence to achieve our previously raised core growth guidance for the year. And listen, we realize by not raising our core guidance for this year that this question could arise. But the way we looked at it, we said, listen, there's a raised level uncertainty in the markets centered around Europe. And we saw some weak European government budgets in the third quarter. Is this going to continue? We've seen some downward revisions in terms of market overall economic forecasts for Europe, so we're really not sure exactly how it's going to develop. So we just thought it's prudent to reflect some of this uncertainty by not raising again the full year guidance. So that's how we thought about the process. We really didn't look over the years sequentially. We do know that last year, though, I said I don't like the tough compare argument, we did have a blowout fourth quarter last year. But anything else, Didier, you can remember unusual or... 
Michael McMullen: Yes. We'd raised last quarter, and the business is developing in the third quarter actually better than we had thought as you saw in our results. And as we look to the fourth quarter, listen, we don't know how this Europe's going to play out, so let's just be cautious as opposed to raising again for the quarter. 
Michael McMullen: And Ross, I think perhaps your earlier question was around product cycle replacement. Yes. So I think, as you may know, when I came into the role a little over 1.5 years ago, we had really spent a lot of time redirecting our R&D programs. We restructured the company. We reorganized our R&D programs, and I think you're starting to see the cadence. So you've seen some of the product come out. We highlighted earlier on the chromatography side some updates and new products around spectroscopy, ICP-MS. And we know this cadence is going to continue throughout the next quarter and into '17. So that's why when I got the earlier question about, hey, what are you thinking about in terms of '17, I know what's in our road maps, and I know what's coming to the market over the next 12 months. And I know what's already come to the market, and I know how customers are responding. That's why we have this level of confidence about our ability to continue to grow this company in what has been very mixed market conditions, to say the least. 
Michael McMullen: Yes. I think you've got the string of consecutive quarters. It's been 6 quarters in a row. And Didier, we looked at this. I think it's purely volume related, but... 
Michael McMullen: Yes, Doug, maybe just one of -- as we thought about the company coming in, I think we thought that the pharma growth would be lower. We thought China would be lower, and we thought chemical and energy would be higher. And in fact, what's happened is pharma has actually been stronger, and China is stronger than initially forecasted. And you know the story on chemical and energy. 
Michael McMullen: I don't think we disclose that and it's fairly small but enough to move it directly when big deals happen. 
Michael McMullen: The question was what are the initiatives we have? I just want to make sure I understood the question. 
Michael McMullen: Yes. So nothing unusual in July, and I think the assumption of the Q4 is basically a continuation, not any worse but not any better. And we just thought that was a prudent way to think about the company's performance fourth quarter. I would love to be wrong, and I hope I'm wrong. But we thought from a planning and guidance standpoint, we should be prudent in terms of how we looked at the European market overall. 
Michael McMullen: I think probably the best way to think about it is just look at the respective business groups. So you have the LSAG results of down 2%, and then the... 
Michael McMullen: And Dako. So minus 2%, plus 8%. And that's why I -- again, as you think about '17 for the company, if you really want to look at the growth rates of those 2 business units in the recurring revenue space, ACG and DGG, perhaps differently than you might think about how you model the risk profile for revenue projections for the instruments side of the company. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, absolutely. So that's why I made a few comments about it earlier because as we said, if we can be in a 4.5%, 5% kind of growth range, perhaps even low 4%, it makes it a little bit more challenging. But we can see -- we see the path to 22%. It's not just around margins. I mean, especially not just around margin improvement from volume. But there are specific real programs. It's something we review once a month, then we have active programs, and the costs will continue to come out on some of these big programs. Actually, I must say I'm really pleased with the team because we've -- we went through and did the -- we call project Nunu [ph] is the finance program we just finished up. And then right on the heels of that, we're going to go live in early '17 with our integration of Dako. So the teams are still energized and working hard, and I think these are going to have a material impact on our results in '17. And that's why we have confidence about the -- assuming no major change in terms of the macro environment that we can reach what we think are pretty challenging goals, but they're -- we've got a path to get there. 
Michael McMullen: The major projects that were underway haven't been canceled, so -- but we're not seeing any major new projects underway. There's a lot of -- there's actually a lot of positive news by a lot of studies about where this market's going, but we're not seeing -- what we're -- just to clarify here, the major project that we knew about, whether it be the one I mentioned in Saudi or the -- there's a major project down in Texas. These programs, they're going to come online. So people aren't canceling capacity increase projects, but we're not seeing a lot of new projects. And that's why we have taken a fairly conservative -- probably be a bit pragmatic view of that marketplace. Again, I would remind everybody, too, that when we talk about chemical and energy, 50% or so is actually chemicals -- chemical processing not directly tied to the exploration and production of oil. 
Michael McMullen: Well, thanks, Paul, I appreciate the question. As you probably will understand, I'll give you more a high-level result because we don't actually comment specifically at a product category level, beyond, I think, I would just reemphasize the point that Patrick made when he characterized the chromatography market. That business is down relative to last year because the chemical and energy market is down. And we have seen no movement at all, downward pressure on our share position. It's really a market phenomena we're dealing with right now. And that's why when that replacement market does turn, and we've been through these cycles before, when it does turn, we'll be in a strong position to capture that growth as given the strength of our position in that market, which right now happens to be down. 
Michael McMullen: We actually don't think about it that way because the segments that -- or big segments of the market like your food and environmental testing, we think are independent to some extent of GDP. So the only way I think that we really think about that as relative to is our chemical and energy space. So if you could just kind of think about tying GDP to that subsegment of the company, I think that's -- would be good place to start. But I would not apply it to the whole what we call Applied Markets because these are being driven by quality-of-life investments in the food and environmental area. And I think that's why -- I think this composition of our end markets is the reason why we're being able to put up these kind of growth rates even when our #2 market as a company has shrunk this year. 
Michael McMullen: Yes. I think the confidence level is the same as it was back in May. And again, I'd maybe just share a few points here, which as you know, we have this confidence of delivery on that given our belief that we can get that growth rate that we're putting up growth rates right now in that territory. We've got this pipeline of new products coming out. We've got this nice recurring revenue stream with ACG and DDG that will carry this momentum into '17 and that where our instrument business is going, hey, pharma looks -- still looks good. Of course, you have these double-digit compare issues. China looks to continue to be strong. And chemical and energy has got to turn at some point in time because the market requires these tools to support production. Our thinking is when we look at chemical and energy is we know our customers are looking for productivity improvements to help improve their company profitability. We think that's a value proposition that Agilent has. We think as they go through their budget justification processes and their budgets start in calendar 2017, that this is why we can say, "Listen, the decline in this business after 18 to 24 months will start to turn," and we could see low single digits by the end of 2017 for the chemical and energy market. If that happens, which we believe it will, that will give us the confidence to get the growth and then we know we'll get the margin, given both the volume but also in terms of gross margin improvement initiatives as well as our SG&A cost. 
Michael McMullen: 5%. Yes, just to give you a sense of -- 5% of the total market. Historically, we've been stronger, and I can share this from my experience having been the country manager for Japan for a few years in the early part of my career. We tend to be much stronger in the chemical and energy segment of that marketplace. We are doing well in the life science research and in genomics, but the majority of the business sits in the chemical and energy space, which is -- which has been down. I think Japan has been part of that story. Pharma, the pharma business for us is a relatively smaller portion of the market for us. I think they're doing well in pharma but not enough to really drive significant overall growth rates for Japan. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, let me try to provide a little more color there. So first of all, a reminder that the Nucleic Acid Solutions Division business out in Boulder is providing oligo APIs that constitute a new type of drugs with a significant potential. These drugs are primarily, right now, opportunities within orphan genetic diseases that today there has been no treatment and have devastating outcomes. And these drugs have actually the opportunity to change the expectancy of, you could say the survival and also the quality of life for such patients. We are working with the leaders in pharma within these new type of drugs, and Agilent is chosen again and again due to our deep technical experience to optimize oligos for performance and consistency, combined with our ability to scale in DNP. We have seen a significant demand accelerated over the last few years. And as Mike mentioned, we're currently expanding our current site to actually take up double capacity. But we also see that, that will run out. That opportunity is really limited and will run out in a few years from now; and thereby, the new investment in the new site will allow us to further double our capacity and even double again if we choose to do so. We have decided, and based on a deep dive into the strategy and so on, to place the site in close proximity to the other Boulder site at approximately 20 minutes' drive away so we can releverage critical mass, high -- the highly experienced staff we already have and capabilities and processes. The overall market is in the hundreds of million dollar business right now, and it's growing something between 20% to 30%. However, when you commercialize drugs -- when you get the commercialized drugs, this might be a significant step-ups, but we see a lot of demand right now just in the clinical trial studies. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, I will say, first and foremost, we are very pleased with the performance we have seen on PD-L1 over the last 10 months, and we continue to see strong traction. You're right. There has been some announcement recently on some studies that has not come out as expected. It really supports our thesis about the importance here of CDx and, really, that you need to make sure you stratify your patient group the right way. So clearly, there is a short-term opportunity, at least from one of our customers that is a little less than we hoped for. But I don't think that, that overall change is really the thesis, and we continue to see a big opportunity here. 
Jacob Thaysen: You're absolutely right, and I'm definitely pleased with the excellent growth. Last quarter, we had 5%. So I really want to make sure that you saw that we were -- when I -- when we talked also at the Analyst Day, we believe the right -- the direction is 6% to 7%. I'm happy to beat that. But we do not see any change in trajectory right now, and we'll continue in those high single-digit growth rates going forward. 
Jacob Thaysen: No. I think you captured it correctly. I just want to reinforce what you said, that the path to 20%, actually delivering 20% in 2017 is a significant turnaround of where we were a few years ago. So right now, that's our full aim, and I'm very happy where the team is and executing this right now. 
