Mike McMullen: Well, first of all, Tycho, thanks for the recognition. Really proud of the performance to even top our earlier revised expectations for the quarter. And I'd say that as we got into January, business in January was stronger than we had anticipated. And I think it was -- from a geographic perspective, we saw the strength in China. Obviously, that was higher than we had. We're thinking as long as very -- really good strength in the Americas, led by pharma and the food market. I'm sure we'll dial in today on the call about the food market, which is both growth in China as well as in Americas. And then no pull forwards. So it was a clean quarter with January being stronger than we had anticipated, when we already had announced an increase in our revenue outlook for the quarter. Bob, I don't know if I missed anything on the...
Mike McMullen: Yes, I think that it's a continuation of story that's been underway for several quarters. We've continued to innovate and provide value to the customers really see in our offerings, coupled with our approach to our field engagement and really maintaining our field force when our customer needs us most. We're getting the business. And it's very clear that not only is it a -- was there -- we saw, particularly in some of the pharma and non-COVID areas where they were basically making sure that they spent the capital had allocated for 2020, we got all that business, but it's more than that. It was a market share gain story as well for us. So I think it was a combination of a backtrack of investment by the pharma world but also our ability to gain share. And Bob, I know you've taken a close look at this and...
Mike McMullen: Yes. And there's a real holistic story here as well. You know the story already Tycho with our ACG business complementing, on the services and consumables complementing what we can do on leading innovative instrument solutions.
Mike McMullen: Yes, we're really talking about order activity, right? So we're seeing a lot of discussion with our field teams, particularly in the area what I would call high-value chemicals, specialty chemicals. So there's a lot more discussion going on with our field teams right now. And I think our customers are feeling more confident about the economic outlook and the end market demand that they can anticipate in the coming quarters. And as you know, this is against a backdrop of a lot of pent-up demand where investments have been deferred. And we're seeing -- continue to see strong PMIs. But as you heard me share the story forward, Brandon, I'm always reluctant to call a turn until we actually see a couple of quarters. So while we're optimistic about what we're seeing so far, we're not ready to yet to put it into the formal guide for the year.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So I'll take the first one. Yes. So we're still in that 2 percentage kind of revenue range for COVID. So that's a good number to lock into.
Mike McMullen: Yes. And Vijay, I'm sure you had a chance to look at Jacob's margins for the first quarter, but LSAG had very strong margins. And that's -- when you have double-digit growth in LC, the strength in the cell analysis business, we had indicated when we acquired BioTek that we are buying not only high growth but also a high-margin company, I think you're seeing it in the numbers.
Mike McMullen: Yes, Puneet, thanks for your kind comments. And I'll make some initial introduction comments here about China food, and I'll invite Jacob into this conversation as his solutions are a big part of the story here. So this is a quick remind to the audience. You may recall that we saw a slowdown for the better part of over 2 years in the China food market as a result of the reorganization of the China food ministries, and we always have been pointing to the fact that there had been really deferred investment at the national level. And now that situation has completely changed, which are -- there's reinvestment going into new technologies at the national level. In addition too, the testing volumes continue to grow for the contract testing lab side, picking up that volume. And Jacob, I think we've got a pretty good position here in the marketplace with our mass spec portfolio.
Mike McMullen: And Jacob invested in a China solution center as well. So we actually, again, based on these leading technology platforms, are able to tailor our solutions for that China food market. So we're really excited about the change in the business volume there, as you can imagine.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Specific to China, there's no NASD volume at all. It's zero in China. So that's purely on the -- on what we call the LSS side, which is ACG and LSAG business.
Mike McMullen: Hey, Bob, I'd just add one thing. Although we don't have direct NASD business in China, as Bob highlighted in his script, we're seeing a lot of demand for LC/MS-based solution for oligo-based R&D research. And the fact that we're in this business ourselves with our own API business and that we have a state-of-the-art facility in our Frederick, Colorado site really helps us be able to sell solutions to our customers doing research in this area as well. So I do think there's a linkage of the oligo business into China, albeit on what we're seen on the research side.
Mike McMullen: I think the headline here is potential upside to our guide. And then, Bob, maybe you can answer the...
Mike McMullen: And by the way, Dan, I'm not trying to be coy here or cute. We've just seen this market can easily can turn on the dime. And I've had experience where I've called it too soon. So once we feel confident about the book of business we have inside Agilent, we will be sure to give you an updated view of the outlook for the year.
Mike McMullen: I sure hope that's for the history books because it had a backdrop of a pandemic, and what we saw was some deferred capital investment that had been -- normally would have maybe been invested in the -- our Q2, Q3 because of COVID-19 concerns. And just the fact that customers weren't working, deferred the capital. But again, I would have to say there's more to the story in our Q1 than just that budget flush. So -- and -- but...
Mike McMullen: Yes, Doug, thanks a lot for that. Happy to opine both questions. So yes, we really wanted to make sure the story came through that we had this a great start to 2021, and it wasn't just about a year-end budget flush. There's some really good things that have been going in for several quarters, and this continued in the first quarter. And we very specifically chose the language in key areas. So we're gaining share in some of our biggest product line areas. I would point to liquid chromatography. I’d point to mass spectrometry, both gas phase, liquid phase and the inorganic side. I'd point to our services business. And -- what else might you add to that? I mean, I think it's pretty much broad-based.
Mike McMullen: Yes. And Doug, we continue to look for companies also not only to meet that criteria, but also we think there are strong cultural fit that really would be part -- could really be a key part of the overall Agilent family, so to speak, and also a business where we think we can make that business even better.
Mike McMullen: Yes, Matt, you're on the right theme here. So in fact, when I talked about this most recently inside Agilent, I talked about this is where our LSAG and ACG businesses come together. And there really is a very symbiotic relationship here, which is both businesses help one another, right? So I pointed earlier to some of the strength we saw in the pharmaceutical industry in LC, LC/MS in Q1, but also was tied to the enterprise services story we've been talking about for a number of years. And when you start to get yourself into a different relationship with customers, they truly see you as that valued partner. And for example, when they've had several years of an enterprise service arrangement with you, and you show them collectively -- or I should say, actually, objectively, what's been going on the lab with various different vendors in terms of equipment, it will point to, for our case, a decision to let's move more of our business to Agilent instrument side.  Also, I think as Bob mentioned, we were there on a responsiveness standpoint. On our services, digital capabilities, we were able to respond to customers even in the midst of the pandemic, and they remember that, that we were there for them. And that translates into instrument business when they're doing their next round of capital purchase. So I think there really is a very close symbiotic relationship. And although we run them as we show the outside world, 2 separate business group results, they work very, very closely together, not only inside the company, but most importantly, with customers.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So maybe just kind of parse out a couple of thoughts here, and then Bob we welcome your commentary here as well. So some of the things that you mentioned are clearly areas of higher growth today and expected to be higher growth for years to come. And that was part of our story back at the December Analyst Day, where we talked about, hey, we think RNA-based therapeutics are an area of very, very strong growth for years to come. And that's why you're seeing this growth in NASD happening right now as well as our continued investments to capture more of that future growth. Immuno-oncology is an area of major investment right now, and that's why we went after the cell analysis business several years ago. So we expect those segments of the market to be really strong double-digit growers for many years to come.  So I think that's part of the story there, which is to really have focused our investments and our portfolio towards those segments of the marketplace, which we expect to have even higher growth in the overall pharma market space. I think in general, we expect the biopharma R&D investments to continue the move to large molecule. When I get the question around LC replacements, the replacement cycle is always going on. And -- but what I do think is going to happen is, it's going to be stable, strong funding environment for pharma. So we're very optimistic about the long-term outlook for pharma. And I think it's a market I know we're betting on right now at Agilent.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think also with food, I'm not sure I would really would use catch up describe this because, clearly, where you had some of the pharma companies just weren't having the research in and didn't work, had deferred investment, I think this has been part of the coming together of the new 5-year plan for China, and that's what's really driving this. So we would expect to see sustained investments, albeit not at this double-digit level. I think it's hard to know, Dan -- we've always felt this thing was not a market that was shrinking, wouldn't shrink long-term, which it had been for a few years, but it's more like a high single-digit longer term. And I think that's probably where we'd land, on your question, although I think we'll do double-digit for sure this year in '21.
Mike McMullen: Yes, I think we're still early days on that. I think it's -- that's part of the discussion. I think the investments that are going to happen this year, if they drop, are going to be more tied to deferred tech refresh. But I think it's probably more of a 2023 kind of -- excuse me, '22 event from the onshore and insourcing that we've been talking about. And I think this probably points to us being able to be able to sustain a mid-single-digit kind of end market. So it's -- I mean, it points to the fact that chemical and energy with these kind of longer-term outlooks coming from our customers will not be a drag on the overall growth rate, any material extended off. So I think it's an adder to the thesis that there is growth in the C&E market as well, albeit it can be a little bit -- it can move a little bit, depending on what's happening in the overall economy.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Great question. So when we’re talking to our team and our customers, here's our view of it right now. We think about -- if you think about 30% of the research labs are fully operational now, we think about 60% are working at reduced capacity. We think about 10% are closed. And we really think it's going to be -- all this is really tied to ability to get the infection rates down, to get the vaccinations out. I think until that changes significantly, we're expecting kind of more of the same, I'd say, Bob, for the -- until we actually see a change in the overall…
Mike McMullen: I would say, though, that the conversation with customers is very robust right now. So it's just a matter of things opening up.
Mike McMullen: Absolutely. To Bob's point, as I spoke the other day to our global field team, and we were talking about embracing our new ways of working. And of course, a lot of people drove and love to be back on the road. But not everybody feels that way. And the customers certainly don't feel that way because we're much more responsive and attentive to their needs by using digital platforms, there is a place for face-to-face, but it has to be based on the customer need, not because we want to be in the road to be out there doing things in a very traditional way. So we're keenly aware of the question you posed, Paul, really challenged ourselves to make sure that we really continue forward with these new ways of working. And this allows us to put money into areas that really do matter to customers. So I'd rather invest there rather than travel and entertainment.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I think, Tycho, to Mike's point, I think one of the things we feel really good about is just our portfolio and our offerings to our customers. I think one things that we've seen is our responsiveness continues to improve, and that's been evidenced by the increased customer satisfaction that we've seen. And as Mike said, as the year-end CapEx spending happened, we were there, and I think we took more than our fair share. And we do think that this is an area that we continue to invest behind. Mike talked about the investment in the MassHunter software, which I think is going to really help continue this momentum that we have going forward from a compliance standpoint, and it's an area of focus, and we're very excited about the biopharma business going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Tycho, just to build on what Padraig is saying, I mean, this is an area where we've also increased our investments in people on the street. And as we think about, Mike mentioned this in his script, actually our focus on actually turning ongoing revenue into service contracts, this is an area where we've had a specific focus in China there, and it's really helped us. And so we're -- that productivity aspect continues to play out in China.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And just on the second part of your question, Brandon, our instrumentation was roughly flat, and ACG was up mid-single-digits.
Bob McMahon: Yes. It was a little lower than what -- we would expect that to be higher in the back half of the year as we continue to ramp up. So it didn't really have a material impact on the first quarter. If you recall, we talked about that being roughly about 20 basis points for the full year, and that really didn't have an impact in the first quarter. And in terms of the overall year, I would say we're slightly more optimistic, kind of given where, certainly, the first quarter came in. And that's part of the increasing our top end, I would say, the margin expansion. It's a combination of a little more in gross margin, but most of it actually will be in the operating expenses.
Bob McMahon: Yes, let me take a shot at it, and then I'll turn it over to Mike, Vijay. Thanks for the acknowledgment. Yes, I'll take the second question first and then go back to the first -- second quarter. If we think about where the full year is, it's mainly in that pharma and food markets across all of the regions that we see the uptake. And we are optimistic about chemical and energy, but we're not yet putting it into the forecast. It's still at the end of the quarter. As Mike said, we're seeing a lot of business activity. We're seeing the order funnel build and so forth, but we want to actually see those translate into orders and then ultimately into revenue. So everything there is moving in the right direction, and we would expect that to continue to play out throughout the course of the year. If I look at Q2, we did have a higher-than-expected budget -- year-end budget dynamic that helped, obviously, the 11%. That doesn't repeat itself in Q2. And -- but if you looked at -- we feel very confident about the continued momentum of the business going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And I think the growth on the margin expansion has been just really the strength in our volume. And I think that, that -- when we have that strong growth, you actually see it going to the bottom-line. When you look at last year, our spending profile changed pretty dramatically quarter-on-quarter as we were reflecting the pandemic and so forth. If we think about Q1 to Q2 this year, our spending, think about it as roughly flat sequentially.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And I was going to say, Puneet, as we said in the call, our -- if you stripped out NASD, biopharma in total, so this would be our ACG and LSAG businesses together along with some contribution at DGG, grew 20%. And that was really broad-based across all regions. Actually, it was faster than that in China. But if you look across, they were all kind of neck and neck in terms of the performance across the regions.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Mike mentioned the headline quite well. As we think about the chemical and energy, we've built in some slight improvement in Q1 and Q2, but have not made any changes to the back half.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I was going to say, I would say it certainly was bigger than the last several years. I don't know -- and -- but I think as we think about the momentum that we've seen, when you look at where we were in Q4 as well, we started seeing the turnaround. And we saw it continue through Q1, and we're expecting that to continue into the rest of this year as well. So it's not just a one-quarter phenomenon. Certainly, it was stronger than we anticipated. But we have higher expectations going forward for growth in pharma.
Bob McMahon: Yes, the only thing I would say is, Doug, as we think about the markets that we compete in, our framework really hasn't changed. We're looking at markets that are faster-growing than the markets that we are in or sub-segments of those markets. We think the last couple of acquisitions have really borne that out with ACEA as well as BioTek in the cell analysis space, and it's really helped continue that shift to higher-growth markets, and that's the area that I would think -- and there's really opportunities across all of our -- both in instrumentation as well as in kind of consumables area or that recurring revenue stream as well. So that's the way I would think about it.
Bob McMahon: Yes, it's a great question. And I think one of the things, we still are in the midst of the pandemic, right? There's still the variance out there. We haven't seen any impact of that to date, but those are some things that we're watching. And we haven't built any of the COVID testing that you just talked about into the numbers. So that would definitely be something that when we get those approved, that would be upside to this. And that's not all within our control. The development and those timings are within our control. But ultimately, that's a bet that both on the serology side as well as the qPCR side that we feel confident about, and that would be on top of these. And then as we talked about before, the variability potentially in the C&E market is more biased towards the upside as we think about the forecast going forward. And so we feel good about where we are. We're early in the year and...
Bob McMahon: Yes. Let me take -- I'll take the first one, and then we can jump on and we can tag team, Mike, on the second one.
Bob McMahon: In China, we had forecasted roughly high single-digits at the beginning of the year. It certainly started much stronger than that. So we're expecting it be double-digits for the full year, really driven by both pharma and food. Those would be the two -- the upside drivers to our initial guide. And then I think on food, we've seen -- we saw stabilization really in the first half of 2020, saw an improvement in Q4. And that improvement continued here into Q1. And we would expect that to continue, given kind of the overall environment and sensitivity around food testing and so forth. But we're not quantifying how long or how much is left to catch up, so to speak.
Bob McMahon: Yes. We -- Mike, to your point, in our initial guide, we assume kind of a mid-single-digit as the recovery, and it's probably high single-digit to double-digit for the range for the full year.
Bob McMahon: Yes. What I would say, Dan, is we're at our full run rate capacity, which is, as we've talked in the past, $200 million a year. We hit that kind of where we expected to in Q1.
Bob McMahon: Are people -- are students going to be back full? Or is it still going to be at kind of reduced rates and so forth.
Bob McMahon: So we're expecting continued recovery, albeit slow, really, and that's what we're looking at in addition to some of the kind of the macro levels.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I would say we took Q1. We also upgraded Q2 and made some modest changes to the back half of the year, but most of that would be in the areas -- once we get further into the year, that would be an opportunity to revisit the forecast going forward. So I think bottom-line, you're in the ballpark.
Bob McMahon: Yes. The short answer is yes, we expect it to get back, but again, latter half of this year. We're starting to see improvement. If you look at it by region, China is back. Certain pockets in Europe are back and certain places in the U.S. are back as well. But I think overall, it's probably going to be a few more months at least before it gets back to pre-COVID levels.
Bob McMahon: Yes. We're seeing some of that. And some of that is lapping this quarter because we saw a significant drop, and so you're not seeing the year-over-year changes. We're not seeing it go back. And our goal is to not have it go back. So we think we're at a new watermark here in terms of spending, particularly in travel and some of these other areas. Now we are increasing investments in places like digital and some of these other places that are driving demand as well as some of the capacity that we talked about before. But certainly, in those types of things, travel and so forth, we're not looking for that to go back. It will go back some, but certainly not back to the way we have been doing business before. Customers don't want it, and we are not going to let it happen.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, certainly, Mike. So you're right that we are seeing a broad-based interest from our portfolio. But particularly, what stands out is our triple quad, both the LC/MS and the GC/MS, which is sought after, especially for pesticide testing where both technologies are used. And what we have developed here is one workflow, one sample press that can be used for both technologies. So that is very much better performance versus many others where you have to have 2 different kinds of setups. So we see a lot of interest in that. And so the triple quad is really paving the way right now.
Jacob Thaysen: Hey, Bob, I would just add to that, that as I mentioned before, RNAi interference is our primary focus, but we are doing programs on Guide RNA for CRISPR, and we are at full tilt with that. But we are always looking to be in tune with new modalities. And if they're relevant, if they're sufficiently meaningful, we're definitely apprised of that as well. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, certainly. We've been very intentional about how we build out our portfolio. Firstly, it’s with instrument platforms that we ensure we can get some footprint and a scale in the market. And the next thing that would be the -- logic next step is to look at content, how do we actually get content on our instrument portfolio. So that's clearly an area we're looking into. But I actually think with the footprint, there's also opportunity to add other technique modalities into that. So we are -- we have open eyes. We follow what we call the tale of strains -- strain for all. And -- but -- and we wait to put another firm on that strain. And so we are -- keep our eyes open and then see what happens.
