Mike McMullen: Thanks Bob. I just want to add a few closing words before we move into Q&A. Great companies do not just react to market conditions, they see market opportunity. At Agilent, we will continue to drive productivity and double down our efforts to be a more agile company. We have marginal levers to drive earnings, including disciplined expense management and use of our balance sheet. However, we are not going to expense to cut our way to grow. We will continue to bring innovative new products to market and aggressively compete for market share. Now, Ankur, back to you for the Q&A.
Mike McMullen: So I will make a few comments and then, Jacob, feel free to jump on this. I think it's primarily LC related, and it’s a situation we're seeing actually globally. I called out specifically the government initiative in China. We also saw in our large pharma accounts in U.S. and Europe this delays in purchasing. In fact, I remember talking with our European field manager. We had an order that was supposed to close in January with big European pharma company it was pushed out, we thought it was going to close at the end of March and now this closed in May. And perhaps you can add your thoughts here as well, Jacob.
Mike McMullen: And I think just to close this off. Dan, I think the comments for China were specific to generics. I think globally, we saw both in ethical and generic drugs in small molecule side.
Mike McMullen: I would just add, Tycho, one thing we have seen though is on the small molecule side, there still is very high demand for chemistries and services. And I think you've seen that reflected in the strong ACG results.
Mike McMullen: This has surprised us well. It's not getting any worse; it's just not getting any better. And we had anticipated coming on the anniversary that the central government will start reinvesting at the previous level and the spends just are not there. Now we're seeing in other parts of the end markets, so the spends and investments in environmental are quite strong. But they've not yet returned to the spending levels that we had seen prior in the food market. But again, I would say the same story here relative to the aftermarket flows. We are still seeing strong growth on the aftermarket flows in food; it's just the instrument purchases aren’t there. So it's not getting any worse but it's not getting better as we had thought.
Mike McMullen: We really want to make sure it's clear to the investment community what we saw during the quarter. So what I'd say is if we've been having this discussion at the end of February we're feeling really good about the quarter. In fact, we got off to a very good start. And as we looked at our forecast for the remainder of the quarter, it looked pretty solid. But as we increasingly went through the month of March, we were expecting in the last seven to 10 days our normal push of orders to close this. And I'd say normal pushes across all the regions, because often we have lot of customers who have quarter end date. So typically, March is a pretty strong month for us. And when we closed the last week or so, the orders in March, it just wasn’t there. We just didn’t get normal month end surge. And then perhaps maybe some order didn’t get booked at the end of March, we didn’t see anything unusual in the beginning of the April. So I think it was that timeframe that we knew we're in the midst of something that we hadn't expected. I would say, again, I think it caught our teams by surprise. I had been in China at the latter part of March, and we just reviewed the forecast. And then we could see that they were caught unexpectedly by customer delays in China. We also saw the same thing in Europe and in the U.S. as well.
Mike McMullen: Patrick, if I could just add one more thing. What I would tell you is and just to reinforce the confidence we have in regards to the second half outlook. April did come in relative to our expectations on orders, our recast orders on the LSAG front, obviously, too late for revenue. But that gives us confidence that we have a handle on where the market is right now.
Mike McMullen: We came in relative to our forecast, yes. But again, we're still saying that it's going to be subdued the second half. I really wanted to -- it's not a situation where we see a continuing worsening of the end market environment, but we're also not seeing a dramatic improvement either. But we do believe we've gotten a level of predictability back in the business based on what we saw in April.
Mike McMullen: In fact, Bob and I were just talking about this right before the start of this call. And I think right now we characterize it as 80-20, which is about 80% is small molecule -- was about was about 85% two or three years ago. We think there will be a shift to more biopharma naturally in 2020, given just the continued strong growth we're having with today's portfolio. But back to my comments on NASD, once that additional revenue flows, you will see the benefits of our broader biopharma play that Agilent has. But right now, I'd characterize it at about 20% of our -- 20% or 30% is in biopharma.
Mike McMullen: Ross, great question, I almost feel like you may have been inside the hall here at the Agilent offices. So this was a big point of discussion with the team. And where we landed was our team had brought down their forecast in China relative to where we were before. And what we said is we're going to take a very conservative view. We're going to assume that the strain on the overall pharma market continues in China, as well as food there is no recovery. So basically, we're assuming that the softness that we had experienced already through much of to the back half of the quarter will continue in the second half. So I think we've tried to be prudent relative to taking a very conservative and bringing our forecast down. And as you know, we had a high single digit forecast for the full year for China, but I think we're probably at about 3% for the whole year. Again, I would remind the group too that lot of the call is focused on LSAG, which has really been the center of our weakness for the quarter on the top line. But one of the reasons why we have confidence in the overall growth forecast for China is that we have very predictable results coming through on the ACG side, which is mid-teens growth. And I think it's been fairly well-publicized that we're underpenetrated on DDG So we have expectations of good solid growth in both of those businesses. So it feels like tail of two cities, we expected the continued strength on the ACG and DDG side in China, while bringing down our expectations on the LSAG side. And Bob, I know we have lot of debate on this one. So maybe you have something else you'd like to add there. 
Mike McMullen: And the reason why I mentioned, recall our non-NGS part of genomics -- on NGS side, which is inclusive of target enrichment, which was close to double digits. So it's been more of some of the older products…
Mike McMullen: And I think, Bob, the way that Doug's thinking about the modeling of ACG and DGG, that's just how we've been thinking about as well.
Mike McMullen: So that's, like I said earlier, it's a tail of two cities. The biopharma continues to do quite well, both in the instrumentation side but also we've been investing very heavily on the chemistry side, inclusive of one of our recent acquisitions. ProZyme was really targeted in the in the biopharma side. And then also we have the NASD story as well. So the biopharma is right where we thought it would be.
Mike McMullen: In fact, I think it was almost a year ago in my Q2 '18 call that we first started talking about the organization of the whole foods, safety and structure in China. And we're really confident the business isn’t going anywhere else, it's just not there. And when I talk about the business, think about it along two dynamics; one, which is the business that’s been shifted to contract testing labs, which we're well positioned. What we're focusing on the central agencies where Agilent has historically had a strong position. They were just not investing right now beyond supporting their ongoing operations with the chemistries and services. So we're confident that the business isn’t going anywhere else, it's just not there.
Mike McMullen: No, in fact I think as I said earlier, we were sitting here at the end of February thinking that this quarter wasn’t developed just as it was. And what we didn’t anticipate was just how quickly the pharma business slowed down in China and then as well as the lack of recovery on the food side. And then there seem to be this whole small molecule side in U.S. and Europe. So really, it was a tail of the latter part of the quarter. We saw nothing unusual about our -- we can't point anything usual relative to our Q1 results.
Mike McMullen: In addition too, as Bob noted in his call, the chemical energy business, which I had positioned earlier on is the wild card for Agilent. On the upside, we actually had really, really solid growth in Q2. And we're pretty optimistic about that for the rest of the year.
Mike McMullen: Overall, I think that they continue to do -- is early but in fact we just had to review on this yesterday afternoon, I mean it delivered strong double digit growth ahead of expectations. So while that is not yet in revenue so it's tracking very nicely. AATI was still very pleased with the performance to-date. The growth rates are probably a little bit slower, tied to if you look at the number of new instrument placements that Alumina had in the first quarter. So to some extent that business growth rate is tied to the growth rate of the NovoCyte and some other parts of the portfolio in Alumina. We're expecting I think, Sam, in the back half is probably looking a little bit better for that as Alumina gets one of those instruments placed.
Mike McMullen: And I think we also got a fair number tied to PacBio, so that gets resolved. But you're close to the numbers but overall, there's still double digit growth out of the companies we acquired. And I've pointed to the cell analysis business overall has been a double digit grower for us in the quarter. As being the double-digit growth for us in the quarter. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, we're really confident about the outlook on the ECG business. And often we find that if you have a slowing capital replacement that actually is an upside to the services, in particular where they'll often be extending the life of equipment. So, Bob, I think we're pretty -- this is an area of high confidence for us.
Mike McMullen: Puneet, thanks so much for asking about this, because this is a real bright spot in the overall LSAG performance in Q2, and it speaks to our view of the future. We didn't quantified and probably won't quantify the exact contribution but we did start shipping. But I'd say right now we have more orders in backlog than we shipped. And I think we're 150%, 200% of our forecast. I mean it's pretty significant.
Mike McMullen: So when we think about the food safety marketplace, in particular, which is where we've been focusing on comments relatively China. It really is primarily a mass spec place. You're talking about GC/MS, LC/MS, ICP-MS and some standalone LCs. And I think this is one of the reasons why we've done so well in this place historically is just the breadth of the portfolio we have across all those technology platforms. So it is broader than -- for Agilent, it's broader than LC.
Mike McMullen: What's happened also the charter of what these organizations do has changed. So a lot of the volume activities has been to the contract special labs and these guys are all now developing methods and the new reg. So we think they are going to require ultimately the next generation technologies equivalent to stay on leading the edge of research and development of new applications. If that being said, we're not assuming any recovery in the second half of this year. So we've become much more cautious about the outlook for food in the second half. I think that’s fair…
Mike McMullen: Actually, what don’t I start off, Dan. And thanks for the question. And then I'll pass it down to -- over to Jacob for specifics on pharma. We haven't seen that in the other segments of the marketplace. And there's a lot of noise out there, so uncertainty is never good. But we really can't point to anything specific. And I think if you look at our results, I mean, you saw two, three businesses continue to perform as expected and do quite well. And then we had some isolated but obviously impactful slowdowns in aspects of the LSAG business, albeit the chemical energy, academic government, environmental forensics, and biopharma, were continued sources of strength. So I think it's really been isolated to the factors you mentioned. And I know, Jacob, you've been trying to do a little bit more diligence around this. And we have some theories but I'm not sure we have 100% specific answer of what's driving the customers and delay the purchases on the small molecule side.
Mike McMullen: So I think just more speculation on our part, but we -- some of the things where, hey, there's still some question about where prices are in land in certain parts of the world in terms of unused prices, some questions about growth. And then again, as we mentioned earlier in the call, prioritization that when push comes to shove, privatization of biopharma over small molecule. Again, we just think it's a push out delay business has not been canceled.
Mike McMullen: And I think historically, Bob, it's run about 15% to 18% of our China business has been in food. Obviously, with the decline is probably close to that 15% number.
Mike McMullen: In fact, the pipeline looks very robust. And as I signaled I believe in the last call, we're very active right now and don’t have anything announce, but we want to deploy the capital. We want to leverage the strength on the balance sheet. Bob is very explicit to how we're going to use one aspect of that relative to the buy back side, but we have plenty of firepower to execute on targets. And as you can see based on my earlier comments and some of the numbers we’re putting up with the companies we have acquired, we're increasingly confident in our ability to deliver on SOVs, if you will, for our shareholders when we deploy that capital.
Jacob Thaysen: No, you're absolutely, Mike, that that is primarily the LC business. However, many of those pharma companies also have investment into some other areas and when they now see some chances in the generics, they might put back also in other areas. So LC is a prime focus, but it certainly also expands into mass spec.
Jacob Thaysen: Bob, I think it's very clear out there that we see that there's certainly a conservative procurement tactics happening right now, and people are stalling a little bit. But at the same time, we have to see that our fund is quite rich. So we still see a lot of business, but it goes much slower these days. So we actually do believe that it's a great opportunity out there, but we can't call it right now.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, I think overall we over the past few quarters, we have also delivered some very nice NPIs new products introduction here in the market, and we still have a very strong funnel. So as Mike is saying, when the market is coming back, we are absolutely in very strong position to take our share of the market.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, you're absolutely right that we still have very nice opportunity last year in USP, but now it's moved on both to water analysis but also the STM business. And generally speaking, we see that the ICP-MS growth, particularly in U.S. is very strong this year. So we actually see that data, plenty of opportunity with ICP-MS. Obviously, when new regulations come in place, then there is a certain opportunity but it looks like we jumped in for opportunity in that space. And I think it will continue to grow.
Jacob Thaysen: It has been very significant. Obviously, it is also some customers decided to move from the 78 into the 88 faster than we anticipated. But at the same time, we're also seeing that that with the 8860 going for the mid range that that combination with the mass spec has actually been quite successful also. So overall, we see good momentum but we haven't quantified the incremental.
Jacob Thaysen: No, clearly, we are seeing that conservative procurement tactics that they are they using. And obviously, we've been out doing our own digging to understand what is really going on there. And first of all, we don't see any change in competitive dynamics. This is not -- this is truly a market situation we're in right now. So this is where it's -- people are the procurement organizations and customers and they only are just more cautious in their decision on capital equipment expenditure right now.
Bob McMahon: I would just add, Dan. While the LSAG business did show a decline year-over-year, I would remind you to look at the total company, which actually did improve margins for year-over-year and for the 17%. So we operate this as a full company its part of the One Agilent approach. And so we're taking a number of initiatives. But as Mike said, we're also doubling down on areas, such as the new products in the areas where we think we can drive. We did see pockets of strength in LSAG and Jacob and team are really focusing on those areas; areas such as cell analysis and chemical and energy, and some of the other areas as well. So it's not just an expense, it is really ensuring that we're focused on the areas that we have the fastest opportunities for growth.
Bob McMahon: We continue to be focused on additional remediation to minimize that, the increase between the round three from the 10% up to the 25% is incorporated into our guidance. It was a -- I've talked about this before, it's roughly about $750,000 to $1 million in the second half of the year, net of the efforts that we're taking.
Bob McMahon: Ross, maybe to put some dimensions to that when we think about how we've taken our guidance down for the second half of the year, really about two thirds to 70% of that reduction is really reflective of China and the other third $10 million to $15 million is probably the broader pharma. So the majority of it is the lower expectation or tempered expectations in the China market.
Bob McMahon: As we think about the various pieces, obviously, there's some variation there. But we're assuming roughly flat for LSAG in Q3. Hopefully, that proves to be conservative. But given that we saw this late in the quarter, I think we're taking a prudent approach for Q3. As Mike said, our April orders hit our revised forecast but that's also one month. So, hopefully, it proves to be conservative but I think it's the appropriate level of forecast right now.
Bob McMahon: That’s right. We expect them -- they continue to perform as expected, and we would have continue to see the growth rates that they've experienced in the first half be similar in second half of the year.
Bob McMahon: Doug, I would say the other thing is and that we're talking a lot about pharma and certainly it didn't meet our expectations. I would say the biggest variable in the quarter though was because we were expecting the anniversary of the reorganization and to have a much better performance and it was still down.
Bob McMahon: I think it's a little of both, Derek. I do think that there -- we haven't seen -- we obviously have a backlog, but we haven't seen orders being canceled, or people saying they are not purchasing. It's actually being delayed. And so the question for us was, is it transitory and we'll catch up, we are taking the approach that is probably not going to catch up and it's just going to continue to push. But I also do think that there is probably some element of trying to get more mileage, so to speak, out of your existing instrumentation, particularly as they are looking at capacity.
Bob McMahon: And Jack, we're expecting the continued performance into the second half of the year like we have in the first half. And quite honestly, the way we had in '18 as well, which is high single digit growth there, really behind both services as well as the consumables. We aren’t seeing testing volumes decline, whether that'd be in pharma or any of the other end markets that are actually quite strong. And so we feel pretty good about that. Our forecast remains unchanged there.
Bob McMahon: And Jack, just to maybe build-on that. I wouldn’t build any incremental revenue in Q4 for your model, because as we ramp up the facility, it's really going to be a material contribution in 2020.
Bob McMahon: Overall, when we think about China, the small molecule business in China is roughly 2% to 3% of the overall Agilent revenue just to frame in the size.
Bob McMahon: I actually think the way we're thinking about that, Catherine, is actually because while it's only in 11 cities, I think it's created a pause throughout the provinces to understand what the impact is. So it's actually got greater. We think we're seeing that impact now as opposed to further impact down the road. I think actually what you'll see it's once this determined, it will actually create clarity about what's going to happen throughout the course. And we think we've seen the impact broader than just those 11 cities.
Bob McMahon: Our chemical and energy business in the back half is, we've talked about when we gave initial guidance at the beginning of the year low single-digit, and that’s what we're thinking about. We're positively surprised in Q2. For reference, Q1 was roughly 2% grew to 6% in Q2. We're assuming low single digits in the back half of the year consistent with our early guide.
Bob McMahon: And for Europe as well across the businesses we're thinking low single digits, again consistent with our estimates at the beginning of the year. We're positively surprised in Q2 but we're expecting it to be consistent with what our initial expectations were.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I mean, to be honest, we've assumed recovery and it's taken a little longer than we expected. So we're going to temper our growth until we're wrong to the upside.
Bob McMahon: Steve, you're correct. We're not going to give a forward looking. What I would say though is we're generally on track with what we said back in June of last year in terms of the ramp up and so forth. So how that ramps across the quarters and across the year is still -- we haven't gone through our planning cycle. But what I will tell you is that we feel very good, we have a very robust funnel for products that are going into that site. We've already had some customers toward the site. Obviously, it's not operational yet, because we're still doing the validation, as Mike talked about. But it's moving along as we expected.
Bob McMahon: So on the on the guidance -- Dan, this is Bob. We're assuming, as I mentioned before, for pharma mid single digit growth for the full year, and that's consistent with where we are for Q3 as well on a global basis. So better than the 2% that we had in Q2. In food, we’re expecting for Q3 probably a slight decline as well. As I mentioned, hopefully that proves to be conservative but we're assuming that overall for the full-year, food will be flat to slightly down.
