William P. Sullivan: Thanks, Alicia, and hello, everyone. For Agilent's fiscal fourth quarter, orders were flat year-over-year, while Q4 revenues were up 2% over last year. Operating margin was almost 22%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.86 per share. The headline for this quarter is that most of our end markets remain soft. As a result of executing on our operating model we improved gross margins, tightly controlled our expenses to deliver a record non-GAAP operating profit, exceeded our EPS guidance and strengthened our balance sheet as a result of excellent free cash flow. We are pleased with our financial results for the quarter, as we have rebounded from our Q3 earnings miss. In regards to end markets, Q4 played out as predicted. Fourth quarter revenue, excluding Dako, was flat compared to Q3. Electronic Measurement revenues declined 5% over last year. Communication markets were down in high-single digits with softness in R&D and manufacturing. Aerospace and defense spending was down 2% year-over-year. All of our Chemical Analysis markets remained soft except for Forensic, testing for drugs of abuse, with overall business revenues down 3% year-over-year. Our Life Science business was flat compared to previous year as we continue to see positive growth for Pharma and continued weakness in academic and research. Overall organic growth in our new Diagnostics and Genomics business was slightly up year-over-year. Dako met its fourth quarter revenue plan and continues to deliver on our expectations. Looking ahead for the fiscal -- full fiscal year 2013, Agilent expects revenue of $7 billion to $7.2 billion and non-GAAP earnings of $2.80 to $3.10 per share. Forecasting the outlook for FY '13 is difficult, especially in the face of a potential U.S. financial or fiscal cliff. However, we would like to share the thinking that supports our FY '13 guidance. First, we're assuming there will be no new financial crisis in the United States or Europe. However, continued uncertainty will dampen demand until the second half of our fiscal year. Second, Agilent will face higher pension expenses and the traditional increases in compensation and benefits. These costs will be less easily absorbed in a slow growth environment. We continue to deliver on our ambitious manufacturing cost improvement plan. However, we're also facing price competition again because of the current slow growth environment. Overall, we are forecasting an FY '13 core revenue growth rate in the range of plus or minus 1.5%. Total reported revenue growth, including the impact of acquisitions, is expected to be in the 2% to 5% range. In regards to business segments, we're forecasting a 1% to 3% decline in our Electronic Measurement business. We are not counting on increased investments in cellular infrastructure in the first half. Our Chemical Analysis and Life Science businesses will be flat to up to 3% with no fundamental changes in end markets. For our Diagnostics and Genomics business, core growth to be in the range of 3% to 7%, with Dako growing around 3 -- 6%. Finally, we will continue our investments in R&D. We will ensure that we continue to meet customers' needs with innovative and cost-effective solutions to solve their most critical measurement challenges. Thank you for being on the call, and now I'll turn it over to Didier.
William P. Sullivan: Well, I think that our fundamental tenets in terms of looking on capital deployment has not changed. Our #1 priority continues to be investing in the businesses as we have done. Secondly is to tax effectively, return excess cash to the shareholders. We've done that through stock repurchase, as well as paying for a dividend. And so I don't believe that there'll be any fundamental change whatsoever. And I don't understand why one would deliberately not maximize your balance sheet to ensure the health and -- the health of the company going forward.
William P. Sullivan: And the board fully supports our fundamental position that we will remain investment grade. We will make prudent acquisitions to drive success for the company. We'll do everything possible to tax effectively return excess cash to the shareholders.
William P. Sullivan: Fundamentally, at essentially 0 organic growth rate being the middle of our range, we're not going to get the leverage. We felt at this point in time, given the economic uncertainty, that to make any sort of restructuring charge to make up the difference is not prudent. Secondly, to back away from our investment in emerging markets, to back away from the investment we're making in Dako, to back away from any investment we're making in research and development is not the prudent thing to do. We are having very, very solid forecast in uncertain economic times and I believe that we not only need to be well positioned today, we need to make sure that we're well positioned for the future.
William P. Sullivan: Well, it's very, very difficult to give guidance in this environment right now. We often joke it’d be a lot better to give guidance after decisions were made on Washington and how the financial cliff was going to be dealt with. But what we have done with each of the group presidents and Ron have gone to -- into each one of the groups, market-by-market to try to make a balance estimate of where we see the overall business. We believe that with the political uncertainty in Europe and the U.S., that you're going to see a pretty flat growth rate. People are hesitating. It's a model forward, as Didier said. And so as a result of that, you give the pluses and minuses of our market segments, which really haven't changed in Q3. You can easily come into an environment of relatively low growth. Our operating model obviously doesn't get the incremental when you're outside of our range or bottom end of our range of 4%. And then the question comes in as do you restructure the company now to force ourselves back into the model or do we continue making the right investment for the future. And we have made the decision to continue to make the proper investments to the future while continually to focus on improving our manufacturing cost of sales or manufacturing footprint and overall productivity.
William P. Sullivan: As Guy alluded to, a lot of the orders and revenue that we have recognized tends to be ahead of the holiday season, and the team has done a great job of delivering those orders. And typically, you will see it soft in Q4 and potentially soft in Q1, depending what the inventory carryover is from the holidays.
William P. Sullivan: No. As you know, this year we raised the return on investment capital target from 21% to 25%, and there's no change in that number going forward.
William P. Sullivan: Right now, without us restructuring and because of the increased cost of DD&A outline, we'll be roughly at a 19% operating profit. At this point in time, we will not restructure to make up the difference.
William P. Sullivan: I think you'd have to have, first of all, you'd have to see a negative growth in the business moving forward, and that negative growth would happen beyond a year. Typically restructuring costs, enormous amount of money, enormously disruptive for the company. And to do something like that, we would have to ensure that the return it would be better than -- you get your return for making that -- those cuts within a year. So you'd have to see a fair amount larger drop in business, and the duration would have to be beyond a year or at least forecasted beyond a year.
William P. Sullivan: We're very close to upholding our business, our margins quite high in a slow growth environment. And obviously if, in fact, that we are wrong, economy does recover and I always joke if we had a budget resolution in Washington a Eurobond and $0.5 trillion Chinese stimulus, our view might be a lot different. We're still going to be able to get the type of leverage that we've got in the past.
William P. Sullivan: Any big deal where the customer is getting multiple bids from all of our competitors, we're going to have pricing pressure moving forward. We've actually done a very good job this year of holding our discounts across the company. Again, we measure those. But as Didier said and I have said, if you go in to an environment of slow growth, you just don't have as much leverage in terms of the overall pricing. And so to not assume that there's going to be some downward pressure I think would be unrealistic, and that's the message that we're conveying.
William P. Sullivan: So right now in China, EMG is down because that's where most of the end communication test equipment ends up. As it stands now, and Guy can correct me, that the G4 standard in China is now not going to even be approved until March. And so I believe there's not going to be a lot of growth in the first half of the year. Our overall analytical business in terms of Chemical Analysis and Life Science, the revenue is modest this quarter. The good news was that the orders themselves were in the teens. And as I said, we continue to leverage our infrastructure for Dako's products inside of China. So given all the issues in the world, China is still the #1 story and one could imagine that if our order trend continues that China could, in fact, see a pickup, particularly in the second half of the year.
William P. Sullivan: So if you go back to the question on 2009, there we had unique opportunity. One is that we did dramatically reduce the size of our corporate infrastructure. And secondly, we reset the operating model in our Electronic Measurement business under Ron's leadership moving forward. However, during that period of time, we did not make dramatic cuts overall in research and development. So if you look at today in the corporate infrastructure, we will continue to negotiate with our vendors to try to get better IT support costs and supporting our real estate. And then that's an ongoing business moving forward. But the other 2 big buckets of money are related to sales and R&D. And in the sales area, not making investment for the future, not making the investment to continue to expand in BRIC, I think would be highly shortsighted. On the research and development side, disrupting that organization where we know we have a very, very strong pipeline of products also I think would be a terrible mistake. And finally, in terms of manufacturing, we have been very clear that we have continued to aggressively focus on manufacturing. We're closing down sites. We still have a lot of work to do to get our analytical business up to 55% gross margin. And that effort is going on as quickly as we can. So again, that's not new but we are continuing the progress as we noted this quarter, I think you're starting to continue to see the benefits of the effort of manufacturing. But in terms of our expense structure right now, given what we know and how quickly you could change if, in fact, that we get some stability in Europe and the United States, I believe it just would not be prudent to make back and cut back our probability of winning for the long term.
William P. Sullivan: Again, to offset the compensation increases, you need the calculation of how many people have to be terminated, I think it'd just be a terrible decision for the company at this point in time for what we know to do that.
William P. Sullivan: Big ticket deals is what I had meant to say. In other words, where our customer is putting out x number of instruments for bid, those type of deals can become quite visible to the marketplace, and the buyer has a fair amount of leverage.
William P. Sullivan: The big concern -- it doesn't work that way. Biggest concern is that in a very tough pricing environment, it leaks back across the board. And again, we're not assuming that, but as Didier alluded to, if in fact you go into a year of negative growth, there's just lots of pricing pressure in the organization moving forward. I think the team has done a great job of holding discounts to date. But we've seen this before. And to go in and put a forecast in this environment that suggests that, that may not happen again I think just isn't very realistic.
William P. Sullivan: Right. In terms of Europe, Europe, as you know, is weak. But Europe in and of itself has been difficult for us. And we're not assuming any greater deterioration. We're not assuming anything particularly better in Europe moving forward. I do believe in China, there is an opportunity for more focused government stimulus once the political leadership change has been settled down and things get back to normal.
William P. Sullivan: The growth rate is much greater than our core business. But it's still small. Hopefully soon, you'll be able to ask him how much it is for the total business, but got the advantage of a smaller base, the growth rate is good.
William P. Sullivan: Hopefully, we said that we had $50 million at the end of Q3 that customers did not take delivery as expected. The delivery date, of course, being get rolled over into Q4. We did not see measurable pushouts at the end of our fiscal year, so it appears to have been an anomaly in Q3 and did not repeat itself an immeasurable amount in Q4.
William P. Sullivan: Well, I think all the segments of the market are highly competitive. Fortunately, that's one area of the market where we continue to do reasonably well. But my guess is Guy wouldn't change the competitiveness versus cellphone test versus scopes. I think that's far more competitive. As I said, it's going to be big customers, big deal across the company. And it doesn't matter if it's a source/spectrum analyzer, mass spectrometer, anywhere where there are going to be large buys and labs or manufacturing facilities to R&D. I think you're going to see a competitive environment. As I said though, the team has done a great job of holding our discounts, and we try to add in value and differentiation and aftermarket support and service. But we are clearly being or preparing for a difficult pricing environment if, in fact, our forecast is correct that we're entering into continued flat market.
William P. Sullivan: Outside of aerospace and defense, which is as predicted, government spending is okay. The primes are cutting back, and that's well documented. The Chemical Analysis market clearly had more difficulty. And, Mike, you want -- may make couple of comments about some of the softness you had even though there was some positive in that, the orders were better.
William P. Sullivan: The vast majority of the numbers that Didier quoted are related to the 22,000 existing employees. We will continue the investment in Dako, in the expansion in Asia, the increase in research and development. But first order, the -- all of the additional fixed costs that we're seeing are related to our existing headcount. And we have no plans in this environment for measurable increase in headcount as we move forward.
William P. Sullivan: As you all know, I'm not the most optimistic guy in this environment right now. And that was the good news is academic and research and overall for the company, there really wasn't much change in the end markets from Q4 to Q3.
William P. Sullivan: Well, you just said the 2 bookends of our discussion for the last 2 weeks on how to give guidance in facing of the financial or the fiscal cliff moving forward. Our forecast assumes that there's a resolution. That's not my own personal opinion, but that's just the overall assumption. I -- as you know, the odds are somewhere between 30% to 50% that there won't be a resolution. But assuming that there is moving forward, I think that because of the delay of resolution, you are already starting to slow down. You're heading into the holiday season so for -- the way our fiscal year is constructed, one could easily see a Q1 that is soft and potentially a Q2. I won't argue with you. If there is a successful budget resolution, then the second half of the year things could get better. And of course if that happens, then we'll adjust our forecast accordingly moving forward. But at this point in time, we have been completely candid on what our thinking is and try to give the best outlook we can with the available amount of data we have. And we all know that there is a wide potential outcome.
William P. Sullivan: Just as a clarification again, the guidance that we're giving that made up over for EMG is still for a revenue number that is below the incoming order rate in Q4. So again, I don't -- we look at all of those, and we don't think it's out of bounds. Obviously, that's the number that tends to have the more volatility. But I think mathematically and what we know the pipeline is, we feel okay.
William P. Sullivan: Again, Guy, correct me if I'm wrong, because a lot of the spending comes from the government, use it or lose it...
Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Bill, and hello, everyone. As Bill stated, we are quite pleased with our fourth quarter results. Revenues were in line with our guidance, and our operating margin reached a record high of 21.7%, a noteworthy performance in a challenging economic environment. We delivered substantial sequential and year-over-year improvements in gross margin, thanks to varying cost synergies and other cost-saving programs in CAG and LSG. We also maintained the strict operating expense controls implemented 6 months ago. Reflecting on our performance for the full year, we reached a record 20.2% operating margin on 2.5% core revenue growth. Our core revenue growth was close to the low end of the guidance we provided in November of last year, but our all-time high $3.12 EPS, including $0.04 from Dako standalone, was $0.12 above the low end of the guidance. We generated over $1.2 billion in operating cash flow, $100 million more than the guidance provided 1 year ago. Now turning to the guidance for fiscal year 2013. As Bill stated, our fiscal year '13 revenue guidance of $7 billion to $7.2 billion assumes the economy will muddle through in the first half of our fiscal year and pick up moderately in the second half. We do not assume a fiscal cliff scenario, but do expect stringent government spending. The $2.80 to $3.10 EPS guidance takes into account year-over-year increases in compensation and benefits of $100 million, as well as an increase in sales commissions of $15 million as quarters are being reset, offset by variable pay reduction, cost synergies and the incremental Dako standalone operating profit contribution of about $30 million. At the low end of the revenue guidance, one would also expect a tougher price environment. As you update your models for fiscal year '13, please consider the following. Annual salary increases will be effective December 1, 2012. Stock-based compensation will be about $90 million compared to $76 million in fiscal year '12. And as we front-load the recognition of stock-based compensation, the Q1 expense will be about $32 million. Pension expenses will grow from $70 million in fiscal year '12 to $85 million in fiscal year '13. Depreciation is projected to be $195 million for the fiscal year. Net interest expense is forecasted at $95 million, and other income at $15 million. The non-GAAP effective tax rate is assumed to remain at 16% and the diluted share count at 355 million shares. And we expect operating cash flow of $1.25 billion and capital expenditures of $220 million. Now finally moving to the guidance for our first quarter. We expect Q1 revenues of $1.68 billion to $1.70 billion and EPS of $0.65 to $0.67. As a reminder, we typically see EPS decline materially from Q4 to Q1 because of the impact of the December salary increase, front-loading of stock-based compensation and the increase in payroll taxes due to disbursement of the variable incentive pay of the previous semester. With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, I mean we intend to continue on the kind of programs that we've had since the last 3 years. As a reminder, in fiscal year '10, we bought back $411 million of shares, fiscal '11 $497 million, this year $172 million. We've maintained our basic share count of 346 million shares. We do have opportunities, potentially to bring -- to put some of the money we did bring back, by the way, on November 5 as permitted to good use in the U.S. through potentially acquisitions, small acquisitions. We spend about $200 million every year on small acquisitions, and we will continue to do regular buybacks as per above the average of what we have done in the last 3 years. So we will put the $500-plus million to Q3. In terms of the projected share count, I mean it's always difficult. It's so much influenced by the stock price, and I think it's difficult to [indiscernible], so it's just what to -- what we think, I mean it's just a nice round number.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, I mean, the -- we are -- in the range that we have provided, at the low end -- at the high end of the range, we are pretty much aligned with kind of gross margins -- I mean, this year's results. But at the low end yes, indeed, that assumes that there will be a tougher pricing environment and a corresponding potential hit to the bottom line.
Didier Hirsch: So the fundamental core business of Dako continues right on plan. We continue to make the investment in Asia. Those revenues are slightly behind plan. The investment in selling SureFISH through their product line is going well in terms of number of customers. We're not quite yet getting a high enough reorder rate to hit the -- linearly on track to what we had said. We obviously have lots of time ahead of us. This is going to be a multi-year effort to be able to drive the value of Dako. But we are very, very pleased with the progress that we've made today, very pleased with the integration. And as I said, the core business of Dako continues to recover as originally outlined.
Didier Hirsch: So in terms of the -- I mean, we are very well funded overall with our pension plan. But we were impacted by a significant reduction year-over-year on discount rates, which basically imply that our liabilities went up. Our return on assets for the fiscal year '12 was very good, better than our expected return on assets. But net-net, that resulted in an unexpected because we cannot forecast pension expenses. It all depends on what happens on the last day of the fiscal year. So we saw a $15 million increase, and now we're all set for the fiscal year '13. That's about $0.03 of EPS.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, it's a little difficult. Yes, I was -- $30 million increase in operating profit for Dako between 2012 and 2013. For the rest, the operating margins, as answered previously, are the high end of our guidance are similar to what we have seen in 2012 on the relatively flat revenue growth. Again, I would say that it is -- our high end of the range is about 1.5% core revenue growth for the business, and at the low end minus 1.5%. But there's not a fundamental -- I mean, I didn't calculate the incremental corresponding because that, at 0% core revenue growth, it's very difficult to calculate the incrementals. But we are really, really, really operating very -- not only in line with our operating model, but even, in fact, better than what we committed to when you think that we've reached a record operating margin both for the quarter and for the year on the -- only 2%, 2.5% core revenue growth that is way better than what we committed to in our operating model.
Didier Hirsch: An additional comment on the 19%. This is on the overall Agilent business, including Dako, which still has, especially with investments that we've committed to make, a lower operating margin than the rest of Agilent.
Didier Hirsch: Right, it's -- I mean it's tough to say that we're either conservative or not. I mean we look at the -- in terms of the GDP projections that our guidance is anchored on, we're assuming that flat GDP growth at about 3% until at least the end of the first calendar quarter. So that's basically going into our third fiscal year -- fiscal quarter, and then going up slightly 3.4% from that. So it's really we're assuming more of the same of what we have seen in the last quarter or 2 for the next 2 quarters and then potentially a little bit of an improvement. There's no doubt that as we've said many times, our -- when we provide a guidance range, I mean as executives, our target incentive is based on at least the highest -- the high end of the guidance, but that doesn't mean in itself that it's -- there's a level of conservatism. I mean we're setting the bar at the right level for executives.
Didier Hirsch: Well, the market is telling us that for the investors, that they are still skeptical on the revenue projections moving forward. If you in fact lower the revenue, then the valuation of the company quickly comes into range. Our #1 focus is to invest where business is driven by the emerging market. Our other priority is to invest in the segments of the measurement market more that we believe we can get more growth out in the average communications or on the Life Science side, the mass spectrometers, the investment in pathology across the board or energy and Chemical Analysis. We need to continue to focus on where we think the longer-term megatrends of investment are, and that's what we're going to do. And I believe that when the investor community feels either more confident in the macro economy, more confident that we're going to be able to execute on the investments that we're making in the higher growth areas, then the results will turn around moving forward. But the fundamental issue is, as I believe, that our overall revenue growth rate projections are being discounted.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, the increase in pension expense is one out of many factors. I've mentioned $100 million year-over-year increase in overall compensation benefits. Obviously, the salary increases as of December 1 is half of that, the rest being either payroll taxes, increasing health expenses, stock-based compensation because our stock has gone up over the last 4 years and things like that. You have situations also like this year we didn't pay out sales commissions at target. And as we reset the budget for the fiscal year, obviously we are planning now to pay our target this fiscal year on and on and on, and then offset by -- and then as Bill said, there's -- the impact of the Varian -- the last tranche of the Varian's cost synergies and then other cost savings coming from the manufacturing rationalization that is taking place, that we consider especially at the low end of our guidance could possibly be offset by some level of pricing pressure. So you have all those things, and I think extrapolating the Q4 EPS is very, very aggressive.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, in terms of operating margin, again, it is -- if you exclude Dako, which has a lower operating margin than the legacy business, at the high end of our guidance, operating margin is expected to stay relatively flat versus 2012, very, very slightly lower. And there is not -- they have some improvements more in the BAM and more conservativeness for Electronic Measurement. So the 2 have kind of offset each other. Continuous improvement on the BAM front and more pressure on the Electronic Measurement because of the reasons that have been highlighted. And -- but overall for legacy Agilent, about relatively stable operating margin year-over-year.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, thanks for the question. Definitely, we have invested as you know and have a clear long-term strategy to be in this marketplace. In fact, we have and we continue introducing new products on the PXI format. And we just introduced and showed last month the fastest-switching signal generator in this form factor. So we're making good progress there. Obviously, it's still small in our portfolio. I remind you the strategic position we have here is that we propose to our customers the choice because they look for a total solution where the combination of modular PXI and instruments are -- is already, in general, the right solution for what they look for. So we're pleased with the progress we're making there. But it's a long-term plan to keep building the whole portfolio.
Didier Hirsch: No. I mean the -- you're referring probably to a large orders in the wireless manufacturing test that we had in the second and third quarter. In the fourth quarter, as expected, the volume of orders or revenue came down, so it was not a big factor.
Didier Hirsch: For fiscal year '13? No, no. It's way flatter than that. But basically Q1 would be fairly similar than to Q4 in terms of revenue decremental. In Q4, we had 4% core revenue decline year-over-year.
Didier Hirsch: He can talk to you. And we have looked at the same numbers as you have for Q4, and have done the exercise and that led us to the kind of guidance that I'm mentioning. Again in Q4, our core revenue growth was -- decline was about -- was 4% and in Q1, we expect something more like 5% to 6% revenue decline. That's embedded in our guidance.
Guy Sene: Well, we had a bit of state defense, as we expected sequential growth over last quarter but still under last year. And in general, all our market segment were low. Remember, the overall communication industry is lower in Q4, and that's what we -- what happened in this last quarter or so. So very consistent with our expectation.
Guy Sene: Well the overall competitiveness, as Bill was mentioning, is to across all market segments, and wireless is definitely one of those. So there are a number of competitors. You mentioned one that are pushing very hard, especially in the production environment.
Guy Sene: This is Guy. We had better orders in gross compared to last year in aerospace defense for this quarter. The year-end business has been there as we were expecting it and in fact, we're still expecting this coming into the last 2 months of this year. So I would say it was still -- it was positive.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Thanks for the question. Well, basically, what we've seen is 2 sides of the house of the markets, which is the academic government side, everybody's in pause and that's causing some global ramifications that's not just in the U.S., so people are tied on joint grants. Pharma side is pretty solid. So in the LC and LC/MS, obviously, they play out in that factor. We do pretty well in Pharma. We're still penetrating academic. LCE is the market that looks pretty soft, and we were actually down in terms of the LC market low single digits. Mass Spec, that market is still growing, and we're also growing in that market. So we think that market is a good market. We recently like the LC market, but it's been a bit of a pause in terms of where the things are going.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes, I mean it's essentially more of the same. It's a very competitive environment. A lot of people are going there. A lot of our competitors are putting in facilities and infrastructure which we've already had, so they're getting the shiny newness of that in the marketplace. But it is really still a good economy. We saw quite a solid order step-up for the quarter, although as Bill said, the overall revenue performance was pretty soft. So we think we're doing pretty good. We said we were resetting the team for the next phase of growth, and we are in fact doing that. But it takes some time. We got to get people in. We got to train them. We're pleased with the progress we're making, but we still have progress to make.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: No. I think they're pretty much were on the brakes towards the end of our last quarter. And this is exactly what we expected in Q4. Remember that I have not been highly positive on what would happen, and it's been my expectation with where we thought they would be.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Well I've got lots of opinions, but I have the great opportunity to share those with Lars. And Lars has been managing that. So I'm going to kick this to him, and if he wants the other comments, I'll let him kick it back to me.
