Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Bill, and hello, everyone. As Bill stated, it has become more challenging to predict the short-term outcomes. 70% of our revenue is related to capital expenditures, where customers' buying decisions are heavily dependent on overall demand and business confidence, both at low levels in today's world of uncertainty. Because of customers' delays in placing orders, shipments were also delayed. As a result, we achieved only the low end of our revenue guidance. However, we missed the low-end of our EPS guidance by $0.02 due to unexpected and onetime items. Three items made up most of the $0.02. They relate to customs duties in a foreign jurisdiction, unclaimed property claims in the U.S. and a balance sheet hedging loss. For a company of our size and complexity, such items, both positive and negative, are not unusual. However, this is the first time that they all were unfavorable. To recap the quarter, core orders were flat year-over-year, while core revenue decreased 2% and our operating margin, always the lowest of the year in Q1, was slightly over 17%. By segment, EMG core revenue decreased 7% year-over-year. CAG was up 1%, LSG 3% and DGG 6%. By region, Americas was down 1%, Europe, 2%; Japan, 6%; and the rest of Asia Pacific, 2%, all on a core revenue basis. Now turning to cash. We generated $245 million in operating cash flow. By far, the largest Q1 cash flow generation since Q1 of 2000. We bought back 2 million shares for $79 million and are back to a net cash position of over $150 million. Now turning to the guidance for the full year. As Bill stated, the low-end of our guidance now assumes sequestration will take place, while the high-end reflects a slower economic recovery, lower government spending and softer communication markets than previously assumed. Also, currency is expected to have a negative revenue impact of about $35 million for the year, versus the November guidance. Fiscal year '13 revenue is expected to range from $6.9 billion to $7.1 billion, or 2% reported growth at midpoint, which translates into 1% core revenue decrease. As you compare those projections with those of our peers, please note the different product and customer mix. We generally have a higher mix of instruments versus recurring revenues, and are more exposed to the industrial and defense market, as well as to Japan. On an apple-to-apple basis, we are gaining ground in many of our businesses, but current results and short-term projections are skewed by our mix. On the cost front, our global order fulfillment organization is on track to generate about $50 million of savings, and our control of discretionary expenses is nearly of the same magnitude as during the 2009 downturn. Those actions, coupled with the benefit of the incremental stock buyback program, will partially offset the impact of lower revenue projections and currency headwinds on our EPS, which is expected to range from $2.70 to $3. Finally, moving to the guidance for our second quarter. As Bill stated, we are widening our guidance range for the quarter for both revenue and EPS. We expect Q2 revenue of $1.74 billion to $1.77 billion and EPS of $0.64 to $0.70. With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: Just $100 million of lower revenue, that would translate into $0.14, just to be precise. So there's some offset to that, and that's why we're only -- and I mentioned those offsets in my scripts and that's why we are reducing the EPS by $0.10 and not by $0.14.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, I'll answer the first question. So the forecast assumes we utilize all of the $500 million before the end of the fiscal year. And that we finish the year with 347 million -- on the last quarter, 347 million shares versus the 352 million we had in the Q1.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, the third factor I have mentioned is that, in the last 3 months, the yen has weakened 20% versus the dollar. And overall the currency impact is a reduction in revenue for the whole year at the present actions rate, about $35 million. So that's also a component of the $100 million. It's just pure currency.
Didier Hirsch: On the top line, the -- we, there's $200 million delta between the high-end and the low end of the range. And clearly, the low-end incorporates sequestration scenario. On the high-end, it is not a full figure sequester. It is really, really tight budget spending. But not a complete sequester of the sort that we have baked into the low-end of the range. So it's not -- sequestration is not the scenario for the high-end, or at least a permanent sequester is not a scenario for the high end of the range.
Didier Hirsch: Absolutely. Bill mentioned that -- or I did, also in my script. There's -- we're going to deliver $50 million of incremental cost synergies and Varian is a chunk of that. I would say about half of that is the from the Varian, and we have another year to go before we accomplish our goal in terms of delivering $100 million of cost synergies for Varian. And the rest are other cost synergies that will be delivered by the new Agilent or the fulfillment organization, and which will cover both logistics, manufacturing rationalization and material savings.
Didier Hirsch: Gross margins are about the same, and usually, as you can imagine, the CL selling [ph] costs are lower in some of those regions, than they are in the high-cost [indiscernible] and Ron would like to add.
Didier Hirsch: So by business, if I look at the high-end of the guidance where the core growth is about flat for Agilent, it will be in your 4% to 5% reduction in the EMG; 3% to 4% increase in CAG; 4% to 5% increase in LSG; and DGG -- and again, we're talking organic growth, and currency adjusted DGG would be at 10%. So that's with the whole thing, that gets us to the 0 percent, which is, corresponds to the high-end of our guidance at $7.1 billion on the currency-adjusted and organic basis.
Didier Hirsch: Part of it is the top line. It's operating leverage, because we are seeing what we're hearing what you guys are hearing also, which is the, that the economy will slowly, slowly grow again. And so that is embedded in our guidance. And part of it is just the cost synergies. But the cost synergies, I would say, I mean, are fairly well balanced throughout the remainder of the year.
Didier Hirsch: EMG has, since Q1 of 2012, engaged in a very, very strict hiring freeze and cost controls and things like that. So they are in the process of accelerating those, this clamp down on expenses. But the -- really all of the -- I mean, that helps, but the impact of the loss of operating leverage, the impact of the lower revenue is really what explains all of the decremental. It is all top line because they've done a really, really good job at managing the expenses. They've really achieved the goals that we had set for them in terms of, again, incremental, decremental. And in the old days, we would not have seen EMG at that kind of revenue at over 17% operating margin. So it is certainly -- and they are in the process of doing more in terms of discretionary expenses.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, but that was in line with the high-end of our guidance of $7.1 billion, that EMG core revenue growth currency adjusted would be between minus 4% and minus 5%.
William P. Sullivan: Let me make that comment, John, if you don't mind, for Didier, the details. Fundamentally, I'm actually more optimistic than I was last quarter. As you know, I've tended to be somewhat pessimistic. If you look at where some of our growth opportunities are, the introduction of our new products, there's actually signs that things are going to get better. So I believe that not continuing to expand in emerging markets, not continuing our R&D investments, not continuing our reach, is just a bad strategy moving forward right now. As a result of that, Ron and Didier have put together a detailed plan of ensuring not only are we going to drive $40 million of manufacturing cost out, and this is the first time we've announced the quantity of that, that we are in the process of eliminating our temporary workforce, managing all non-customer, non-new product introductions. And if you go back to the 2009 downturn, which is quite severe where we, in fact, weren't making 17% operating profit, we were able to take substantial amount of money out of the system. So we are aggressively implementing that moving forward. Our guidance policy has been the same at this point in time. The forecast for the rest of the year is $7.1 billion of revenue and $3 a share, that's our outlook. But we are widening the downside because of the continued volatility that we are seeing at -- over, that we've seen over the last 4 quarters.
William P. Sullivan: We will see the full impact of this as we go through quarter for quarter. And Jon, quite frankly, and for the other analysts, we have had to stop the volatility of our announcement. We are going to take a broader range to set fair expectations moving forward, and we are going to do everything possible as a management team to ensure that we become more predictable in this slow growth environment moving forward. And so we have built into the $3 upper end range, the manufacturing cost reduction, and if we're successful getting more variable cost, that will become a hedge against any volatility in the topline.
William P. Sullivan: And in terms of, regards the likelihood of a change of tax policy this year, I remain skeptical that anything will be accomplished.
William P. Sullivan: Well, as I said, I think that, first of all, there is a likelihood of defense cutbacks. Again, we'll know on March 1, as we have said. And there is evidence out there that the cell phone market after a huge investment may, in fact, be slowing down. And again, there've been some other independent articles written on that. So you couple those 2, the outlook and again, when we give guidance, it's very clear, the top line is what our forecast is, and then we decrement for there for the volatility, and unfortunately, we've been too narrow in this environment. And so if you combine the likely outhood in U.S. Defense spending, coupled with any sort of slowing in the communication markets, that is why we took the top line number of last quarter's $7.2 billion and lowered it to $7.1 billion.
William P. Sullivan: There's preliminary work was done by Guy's team, and again I don't know if Guy has any additional color, but right now, if you assume they muddle through with a moderate cut, the impact, we believe, would be 10% on our U.S. Defense. Worst-case scenario would be 20%. So they -- so they've modeled that to the best that they -- they can.
William P. Sullivan: Besides praying, let me just share with you, the situation. So we deal with thousands of customers every quarter. The top 25 customers purchased in Q1 $275 million, that's an average of $11 million a customer. 80% of the delivery changes came from these 25 customers. And again, Agilent historically has had very liberal delivery policies moving forward, we work with our customers, they have their own set of issues, and so you can see -- and again, we had this quarter nailed on January 16 when I spoke to the Board of Directors. And all of a sudden, someone says, "Hey, look, I can't take the delivery for X, Y or Z reason," and you're sort of stuck. And you can't invoice and so you can't recognize revenue. Even the late orders, our manufacturing team did a great job turning the orders, got them in the pipeline, but we just couldn't recognize revenue based on, as you know, very, very tight revenue recognition rules. So I wish I could say something magical, I think it would be a bad mistake not to work with our customers, I mean they have their own set of issues. But in this environment, which is a slower growth environment, any change out of one of these big customers can become a surprise. And it's happened 2 out of the last 4, and the flip side of it is, to the other 2 quarters, we've been over guidance as you know, quite substantially. So I think as long as that we're in a slower growth environment, around flat, we're going to have more volatility. The answer, of course is, is to get back into our operating model of 4% -- low-end of our operating model of 4% organic growth rate, and I think that the signal noise ratio will just become lower. But I -- right now, unfortunately, there is not a magic answer right now, just given how concentrated the surprise has been in 2 of the last 4 quarters. The good news is, these orders aren't getting canceled. I mean, this is not a 2001, 2009 where all heck broke out and people are canceling orders. This is just strictly the issue of your assumptions to the end of the quarter. Didier said we are a highly capitalized capital equipment company. A lot of the revenue goes out the last month of the quarter, and over the years, it's been predictable. The last 4 quarters, is not, we have not done a good job predicting.
William P. Sullivan: Yes, I'll do that. A couple of comments. I have been at some companies that they have mentioned this, and again we sort of have a unique position in environmental test labs, so Mike, why don't you go ahead and respond to that.
William P. Sullivan: Go ahead, Guy, why don't you give, latest perspective and again, you have to remember, we have an infrastructure, we have a leading position. We have the components and chipset and then we've got the handhelds. So Guy, why don't you give a overview of what the latest thinking is.
William P. Sullivan: I just agree. I think that, given where we are now, putting the company in some sort of oscillation with taking out some of our core, given the opportunities we have, the products that we have in pipeline, to be able to move the EPS by a few cents. We know what to do. We have a great track record to make that happen. And right now, we are going to continue to invest and continue to be a leader in the Measurement market.
William P. Sullivan: Yes, Mike, do you want to do that? And again, I apologize, Nick is overseas right now. He's not on this call, but Mike, could you give a flavor at least on the GCs and LCs and Mass Spec and...
William P. Sullivan: As Didier alluded to, we don't believe there's any substantive change in terms of share. Clearly, some of our markets where we're really strong, become weaker and by defect there's a shift. But in terms of anything fundamental, competitor to competitor in a specific market, we don't believe there's anything fundamentally that's changed.
William P. Sullivan: Yes, I think Europe and the U.S., it's muddled forward. The last quarter we had before, we faced lots of issues in the U.S. As I said last quarter, the Europeans' appeared to stabilized, the situation in the U.S. has actually a bit stabilized. And so overall, it's more positive. But I think that the opportunities in U.S., Europe and Japan are -- it's going to be a tough environment. That's why we need to continue to invest in new products and continue to invest in emerging markets.
William P. Sullivan: And again it's that model is that 10% of our business is with the Department of Defense and -- or excuse me, in the defense market, of which 65% is U.S. only. So that's the range of the exposure that we have.
William P. Sullivan: Right now, in Q1, we said we expected the business to roll off because of the investment leading into the new year. So -- and I think that has been universal across the market. So we knew that the Q1s, particularly our Q1 is going to be lighter moving forward. Then the guess is, what's going to happen. Really easy to say, everything is going to be great. There are lots of external articles as Guy alluded to, that are suggesting that the growth of smartphones, even though it's the hottest part of the market, may in fact be slowing. The total cell phone market growth for the year is only targeted at 1%. And so, again, we are a conservative company, laying out exactly what we see. If the other guys are right, we'll do better. But right now we don't hope for things, we just try to look at the best data that we have available to us at what's going to happen. And again, we've been doing cell phone tests for over 10 years. And before that under HP I used to run the RF microwave group, inside of Hewlett-Packard, finding components. This stuff is highly volatile, in -- as people build up for capacity and then, of course, utilize that capacity as the markets slow down. And of course, there's huge changes from vendor to vendor and who wins, which also has a second order effect on investment.
William P. Sullivan: I can't say it any clearer than that. $20 million of revenues, $0.03 a share. And we are not going to change our policy towards our customers in working with them on delivery. A lot of these deliveries, they can have installations and all the rest. We're in a slower growth environment. We know the pluses and minuses of how people run their business. We're shipping capital equipment, and it is just very easy to have, for example, a $20 million change at the last minute and that's $0.03. And there's just no way you can recover it at the end of the quarter. And so that's where we are. Yes, will we do a better job of second-guessing our customers? Sure. What the net result is, that you end up lowering your guidance, right? And because you're surely not going to bet on anybody accelerating receipt in this environment, unless the economy turns around. And just in a big catch-22, and we're just being as transparent as we can and again, hopefully, given the actions that we're taking to minimize on the downside and again, continue to focus on increasing our organic growth rate that the volatility that we've seen in the last 4 quarters will dissipate in time.
William P. Sullivan: Again, all that happened was, and again, as I said on January 16, we were highly confident that we were going to have another $0.05 of EPS, highly confident. End of the quarter, phone calls up, "Hey, sorry, can you delay this thing a week, and the delivery a week?" And, that's it. You're done. Secondly, with the late orders, the team did a great job of actually turning the orders, get them out the door, but you can't recognize the revenue because you haven't gotten the invoice. And it is as simple as that, I mean we are incredibly disappointed. And the team did a great job in the last week trying to scramble around, but I mean, unfortunately things happen. In the course of history, in the last 4 quarters, that $35 million rolled into Q2, right? $0.05 rolls into Q2. So again, if you look at the last 4 quarters, aggregate, we have been above the midpoint and have executed fine. Unfortunately, right now we are seeing the highest volatility, quite frankly, that I've seen since we created Agilent, outside of the 2001, 2009 downturn.
William P. Sullivan: Well, the China business, again, clearly compounded with the projected slowdown in Communications, plus the push out of deliveries, overall China was relatively flat just because the result of that. The Chemical Analysis business essentially was in the very low-single digits. The Life Science business though, had a substantial growth in the quarter, exceeding 20%.
William P. Sullivan: We had said that at the beginning of the year that we had -- we're going to target our manufacturing cost savings to offset pricing. This quarter, Didier did say the number that we thought that we could get $40 million of gross margins out, and actually make a contribution. So to date, even though there's obviously, point deals where there's margin pressure, the fundamental discounts have not -- have gotten a little bit weaker, but have not changed substantially.
William P. Sullivan: Actually the slope isn't much different than '12, given how we started off so slowly in Q1. It's actually, the seasonality is not that different than '12.
William P. Sullivan: Don't read anything more than what we said. Q1 was slower, as anticipated. Given the volatility that we have in the push outs, we are saying that we are planning for a -- the potential for slower Communication. That's it. And it's one view of many. You will have some people saying it's going to be up in the right forever. Some people will say hey it's going to be slowing down because of the investment at this point in time. All what we're saying is that is what our plan is, built into our guidance. And that's our view at this point in time. And if we're wrong, we will capitalize on the upside and if, in fact, it's worse than that, then we'll make the corresponding adjustments.
William P. Sullivan: $100 million for the year, from $7.2 billion to $7.1 billion, $35 million currency, and just split the difference on Defense versus Communication, moving forward. And I think that your comment of trying not have another quarter like this is legitimate.
William P. Sullivan: Well, it's interesting. I'll let Guy talk about the U.S. Our Defense business in the quarter was actually up 9%, all driven by non-U.S. purchases. But I'll have -- so again, an anomaly now, but the -- I'll have Guy comment about exactly what they're seeing between the government and the primes.
William P. Sullivan: Lunar New Year, again, because of our quarter from October to January, every 4 years, Lunar New Year is in the same as Christmas holidays, which is always a problem for us. Because the Lunar New Year, this year, in fact, is going on right now, at the very beginning of the quarter, there's, we don't imagine any material impact to the Lunar New Year to Q2 whatsoever.
William P. Sullivan: Well, again, we can't make a comment on push out of orders. As I alluded to, we have huge customers. And which I think adds more volatility than if we had thousands of thousands of small, $10,000, $50,000 customers. The top 25 customers average $11 million a quarter. So it doesn't take much at the end. And there's just a variety of reasons why they want something later or not, so I'll just leave it at that, and again we never comment on an individual customer. But Guy, why don't you just go ahead and give an update on what you're seeing in the terms of the overall general-purpose market, and you can put a plug in the continued success of oscilloscopes.
William P. Sullivan: The -- it's still predominantly EM, given how big it is, and just the size of the customers are so large. But this quarter, we also -- and again, Mike can comment, we actually saw some unusual push outs, delays in the Chemical Analysis side as well. And so that's new. But it's still predominantly the Electronic Measurement part of the business. I don't know, Mike you have any comments? You've got a little bit of it, too.
William P. Sullivan: Well it's very, very difficult, with the biggest competitor that we have is Rohde & Schwarz, it's a German company and it's private. The battle right now for the wireless handset market in R&D is between Anritsu, Rohde & Schwarz and ourselves. That is by far, the biggest players. Anritsu, of course, had a great run last year, and you can look at their numbers for the last quarter, where they had slowed down, but that's the ballgame. The biggest issue is one of the largest competitors in the space is private. You can clearly get their tax returns when they file backward looking, that's really where the battle is. And it's no disrespect because some of the smaller companies that are playing in the space. But the communication market is $4 billion or $5 billion. You know how big we are, and that's really where the action is, and our biggest competitor, point for point, is Rohde & Schwarz.
Guy Sene: Yes, this is Guy. I just second what Bill said, that clearly this is what we have modeled in, a 10% decrease.
Guy Sene: Yes, your question was on the long-term. And clearly on the long-term, we still believe that the overall smartphone growth is solid. And most especially all the data that these smartphones are using among also all the other devices, the mobile devices like tablet. So that's clearly the major growth engine for the industry. And then, obviously, for our Test & Measurement solution, as we address not only the R&D and manufacturing for the devices, but as Bill was just mentioning, we have a very strong position in the infrastructure. And here, I must say that we start having more, or at least better news as you probably heard, the U.S. operators are planning to add more CapEx in infrastructure. There's been movement in China around the 4G allocation, that is for China mobile. No firm date yet, and that's a little bit, the uncertainty that we have short term. But the overall infrastructure market is something that we should start seeing coming up later in the year. So that's clearly what I would add for now.
Guy Sene: Well, I would say it's a -- I wouldn't see it as a pause, first. There is ongoing investment happening. And as you know, most of the overall manufacturing investment that are aligned the new product introductions is usually happening more into Q2, Q3. So I would not say there's a pause. But in the same time, the fact that some of the smartphones are really aligned with 2 major companies, it has an efficiency play in the manufacturing that we have to take into account when we forecast our business with them. The wildcard is to see if there are other companies, the Chinese companies and some smaller player, and understand when they will come up with some of the devices around LTE, for instance. And that's still in the cards, and we've not seen it yet, but obviously, it will happen at one moment.
Guy Sene: Well, yes, as you heard from Bill, our business really grew because of the international part. In the U.S., we were flat in Q1. And mostly because of the backlog we got in Q4 in orders, and also the year-end money. The budget spending for most of the defense and contractor. So flat in the U.S. and the growth comes from outside of the U.S. with a number of very interesting programs. Russia, for instance, was very strong, but also China in this regard. Going forward, I would say that the one thing that I would just add to the sequestration is the overall continuing resolution that is set up. And that has a, in fact, a more interesting lever as we really would expect that the government gets to an agreed upon budget. As soon as the budget is set up, this will allow, then, everybody to start investing and making plans going forward. So it's mostly the fact that nobody knows what's happening, rather than the decision of yes or no for sequestration, are we looking for final decision.
Guy Sene: Well, that's the big question. It's going to take a while and we just don't know how long. So, so far in the -- what we have in the guidance is we assume there is going to be a budget, and that we are, in the high-end of our guidance, that we will see some orders coming in, mostly at the end of the year.
Guy Sene: Yes, maybe I should start with this, we -- our oscilloscope program keeps our hitting very well our expectations and had another positive growth rate this quarter. And very pleased to this, probably we'll give you more details when we meet in March at our meeting there. The general-purpose market is, I would say, very mixed beside the high-speed digital discussion that I just shared with you on the oscilloscope side. The rest of the market, the cost of the world was down, as you've seen our industrials for EMG, we're 13% down. And it is based on the macroeconomic concerns still. The PMI is a little bit better than last quarter. But the trend is still too slow for people, really to invest, until the -- unless they have clear production needs so, and this, obviously, is not very clear in the marketplace yet.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, sure Bill. First of all, just reminder, I would say that Agilent probably has the strongest position in the Environmental Testing market, with the breadth of our portfolio. So movements there are really amplified in terms of our total result. But to the specific question, where we've seen it is -- been in the U.S. marketplace, both at the federal, and state and local level, as well as Europe. Japan also is weak, so the story is, U.S., Europe and Japan. The emerging markets, Brazil, India and China continue to vest in these areas, but it's not enough to offset the challenge we've seen in some of the more mature geographies. I would say there is a bright note, if you will, that's emerging on the U.S. side, which is the push in the area of frac-ing, which actually is starting to increase the sample sizes [ph] coming into the private contract lab, the Environmental side. So but the, again, not enough to overwhelm the downside on the government's spending side. And again, I would just point out that we're particularly leveraged here, given our strength in this marketplace.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, sure. I think the overall answer would be is, we've seen continued, really solid growth, both in our Consumables business and Services business. The growth, as Didier mentioned, are relative to the instruments, and are tied to the capital expenditures of our customers, is actually more depressed. But with some bright spots in certain places where we've got our Spectroscopy business growing, and I think Bill earlier in this call pointed to the growth in LC/MS and LC. I would say on our gas-based business, which is the franchise business for the Chemical Analysis group, we continue to be challenged there a bit, given the weakness in the Industrial segment and the Environmental marketing we talked about earlier but actually down slightly and the situation is stabilized. And I must say we're actually fairly optimistic, moving forward, because as of the 1st of February, we launched 2 major new products, which replace our franchise -- I mean our flagship products in that core business. So the long and short of it is the aftermarket, our Service and Consumables business continues to do quite well, growing faster right now that our Instrument business and then the, as I said earlier, some parts of the portfolio are growing faster than others on the instrument side.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, there was actually a silver lining in that story. So Bill is exactly right, that we saw some unexpected volatility at the end of our quarter. As Bill said, he thought we had it nailed on January 16 when we talked with the board. But the good news, the silver lining is what we saw was, a lot of interest in our new launch of our franchise products, and so what we saw at the end of the quarter was, a number of our customers asked us to convert their orders and they were interested in the new products, so that was not part of the -- it occurred at a higher level than we had anticipated, and that's why I said earlier, there's a silver lining there. So that's what we saw the end of the year quarter from the Chemical Analysis side.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, these are the 2 highest volume, gas-based products. It's a replacement for our 70, 90 gas chromatograph, and then also our single quad DC mass spec product.
