Mike McMullen: Yes. So I will take the first part of that and we will jump in and have Bob and Jacob add their thoughts here as well. So, I think relative to the strength and why the operating margin was so high is one is, I think we have been – we rightly benefited from the leverage impact of having those higher-than-expected revenues. But more importantly, we have been working on the pricing side and really ensuring that we are receiving the value for our offerings. And Bob, I think we are well over 3 points of price appreciation overall for the portfolio in LSAG, I believe.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think it was a real race to see who had the highest growth, right, spectroscopy or LC/MS. They both did extremely well.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Sure, Matt. So we posted a 6% growth rate – core growth in the third quarter, albeit there was actually 2 points of headwind for the containment of our Russian operations. So really it was high single-digit, 8%, on a restated basis. And Europe clearly is a watch area for us, but we haven’t seen any significant signals of movement to the downside.
Mike McMullen: Brandon, we are probably not ready to talk about ‘23, but what I’ll leave you with is a couple of thoughts here, which is very clearly the business has momentum and/or even though we had the highest revenue quarter ever for Agilent in this recent third quarter, we still build backlog both globally and also in China. So, our orders that exceeded our revenues in those. So, it sets us up nicely, I think for ‘23, but we’ll get to ‘23 guide when we get there.
Mike McMullen: I think you got the right timeframe in there, which is a month or two. It’s really been sort of specialized steel that’s required. So, I actually had a chance to see it myself, where you go into a room or you are – the steel pipe fitters are working and they are getting the area ready. They can’t close things off, because they are missing one valve or something. So we have had bits and pieces that have been missing that actually caused us certain delays. I mean, the team has been all over. I think the global supply chains are pretty well publicized, but we thought it was – we thought we should in the spirit of transparency let you know we are still on track for revenue coming out of the facility in ‘23, but maybe a month or two later than you thought initially.
Mike McMullen: Sure, Vijay. And again, we are very, very pleased with the print. So thanks for the feedback. And Bob, we didn’t use it in our script, but I think the word prudent may apply to our Q4 guide as well.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So, great question, Vijay. So I think I’d like to – the headline here was as way Bob closed off his prepared remarks, we are building a strong foundation for the future. So, we have got – we had record revenues in Q3 yet we still build backlog. And some of that backlog obviously will carry into ‘23. And we – it’s probably a 3 to 6-month visibility for sure on the revenue coming from the backlog. And Bob, I don’t see that. And we agree with your thesis around pricing and the impact it will have on our ‘23 business as well. And Bob, maybe you want to add to...
Mike McMullen: I was just saying, maybe you want to take that, Bob. But I think the answer was really across the board. I mean both – I mean clearly, biopharma and pharma, our portfolio is doing really, really well there. And as I mentioned to the team the other day, we just got the most recent auto report, which shows market share movements. And as my Danish colleagues like to say, it was green as a Danish forest. Did I get that right, Jacob? So...
Mike McMullen: It was across the board, but I think it’s the same story holds geographically well. So it really is a nice global story. But I think it’s more than just pharma. I know you’re getting some good C&E growth, right, for – in the advanced materials, LC/MS. We posted some really good numbers in food and the environmental market, which also are big users of LC and LC/MS. So I think it was really a broad-based story there, if I remember correctly, Jacob.
Mike McMullen: Great. So I’ll start, Bob, here. So I’d have to say it was an extraordinary effort of our team in China. I mean people sacrificed and worked tremendously hard. We had people coming into our factories and living at the factories. They slept and worked at the factories for the entire period of when before you couldn’t really get out beyond – back to your local community. So they did that for several weeks both in our logistics operations as well as our factories. And that allowed us to get our global GC production going as well as the import/export of our products as well. So I have to say it really was extraordinary effort of the team that made that happen. And we’re very optimistic about our ability to continue to grow well in China. In Q2, I think we talked about a greater than 20% order rate. We posted a number of 29% growth in Q3. Yes, we still built backlog in the third quarter in China. So I think we’re well positioned for the fourth quarter. And Bob, I said that probably does represent a level of upside potentially with things continuing to develop as we hope. The wildcards from my perspective are how much money could come into the segment from government stimulus. I know they’re talking about some of the things we haven’t seen any specifics. So that would be something that would be there on a positive. But again, our demand really is coming from the core private sector, commercial sector around pharma and C&E. We think those things are sustainable.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So I’ll let Bob handle the second question, and I’ll start with the first one. So supply chain challenges are still out there, but our team continues to do an excellent job navigating them, getting the material that we need for our customers. We continue to have very, very low order cancellation rates is something we watch like a hawk. And I think we’re managing the price changes. So I think in the early days of things, we were kind of surprised at what things would cost on the market for chips and others, but I think we’ve now found ways to work that and then offset that with some of the pricing actions that we mentioned earlier. So I think if anything, it’s probably trending in a more positive direction, albeit is still challenging out there.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So I’m going to – I’ll let Bob handle the second question. He’s got more numbers on the pages than I do in front of him. But relative to the recent enactment by Congress, we see some real upside for us. And we actually were just talking about that before this call. I think the big debate is when is it actually going to release. But Jacob mentioned earlier PFAS. There’s – what we can see there’s some funding in there for PFAS, which will help our LC/MS and GC/MS business and then tied to the chips, both the upstream and downstream side, the semiconductor fabs that play right into spectroscopy strength that that we mentioned as well. And Jacob, perhaps you want to add a few other things.
Mike McMullen: Thanks, Sam. I probably should elaborate a little more, Elizabeth, on the routine. I think it’s also important understand why we were shutting down, right? It’s both for routine maintenance but also a critical milestone in the construction of Train B. So we tied the infrastructure together. So that’s why we’re speaking with confidence about our ability to get revenue in ‘23.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Yes. I’ll make some high-level comments, and then maybe, Jacob, you want to provide some specific as well. So we love this space. And we’ve been putting a lot of our investments over the last several years targeted at the biopharma space. And you see it reflected now in the growth rates and actually how we’re shifting the mix of our pharma business both in the lab but also plays outside the lab. And Jacob, I know you’ve got a lot of interesting things happening there.
Mike McMullen: And they were really focused on meeting the expectations of our customers who wanted the product. And as I mentioned earlier in my earlier comments, we had teams working a lot of overtime, working in the factories over the weekend. So really some heroics that got us back on track.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. I think, as we know, we continue to do really well in the LC/MS space, but this quarter is really a spectroscopy that was standing out. We have – especially in our atomic spectroscopy field we have really seen a lot of momentum based, of course, on the dynamics in the markets, but also the innovation that has been created over the past years. And I think we really see the impact of that these days.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Correct, Mike. I think we’ve really seen good performance across the board, as you’re saying, Mike. And we are also seeing that the customers are really interested in our full solutions. I think PFAS is a good example of where we see a lot of interest right now both right now, but also where we see some of the big builds that is coming through in U.S. where PFAS have a prominent exposure. So we expect to continue to see momentum in that space.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Thanks for that. And we have a long-standing relationship with PFS, so we knew exactly their strength. And we’ve been very impressed with what they have done in the polymer business for the – for a long period of time. And particularly, our interest was intrigued when we also see polymer science going from advanced material into biopharma, where we see a lot of opportunities. And PFS have done a wonderful job using our instrumentation together with their columns and also an informatics pack they have built to really go after a segment of the market and also the expertise in the field. They have more than 500 application nodes within this field. So we can really leverage that with the strong presence we have across the globe to really accelerate that business opportunity that has been up over the past decades, really.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. I think, I mean, actually, even though spectroscopy and GC are the big winners in the – related to the CHIPS Act, we actually see across the board. It’s both the mass spec business, also the LC/MS that Mike was mentioning and then, of course, a lot of our consumables also. And so we see a lot of opportunities here. I think both the CHIP Act, but also the other bill, the – what’s it called, the...
Jacob Thaysen: And the Inflation Bill here, all of them are driving some of our technologies. So we see a lot of opportunities in that. Now it all comes down to timing here.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Thanks for that, Mike. And we are very interesting in the bioprocessing space, especially from the unlatent perspective, where we truly believe that the – that instruments will start to move into the manufacturing. Historically, we have had in the small molecule space, the QA/QC sitting in a different lab. And now we see the opportunity to bring adline online LC and LC/MS technologies into the bioprocessing space itself or manufacturing space itself. And hence, we have decided and we have made collaborations with leaders in that space, Merck being one of them, where we’re developing, of course, based on our individual strength new solutions to address that. But we’re looking at the multiple partnerships in this space here, and we’re really bullish around that.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think, Matt, to build on what Mike is saying, I think in particular we continue to see very strong growth in our pharma business and that really is a global phenomenon. And – but we also saw very nice growth in our chemical and energy businesses as well. And so as Mike mentioned, it is a watch area, but the demand – from what we are seeing in the health of the order funnel continues to be there.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And I think, Brandon, on your core incrementals, I mean, I think that if you look at historically, that’s where we have been. Obviously, we do have some startup costs in ‘23 for NASD and we will spell those out when we get to the numbers. But I don’t think that there is going to be anything fundamentally different on an incremental basis going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And I think, Brandon, there is one more important piece. I think based on what we know today, we still expect to be at capacity at the exit of FY ‘23 as well in terms of the ramp up.
Bob McMahon: That’s right. Yes. I think, Vijay, if you think about kind of the moving pieces within China, what we did was we pulled forward some of the revenue that was deferred into Q3, but we also pulled Q1 revenue into Q4. So, Q4, I would say we didn’t have a material change one way or another. We actually feel very good that we are going to realize that full $50 million to $55 million here in the fiscal year versus having it bleed a little into Q1. And as Mike said, I mean we are not out of the woods, certainly in supply chain challenges and COVID situations. And so we thought at this point in time, a double-digit core growth is very good but also prudent, as Mike said.
Bob McMahon: Yes. The only thing – I think you are spot on, Vijay. I would say there is not a material change right now in terms of how we are thinking about NASD. And if I think about the various pieces there, they certainly set us up for a good momentum going into FY ‘23. Now there is still some unknowns in terms of kind of the macro environment, but we are expecting to have a stronger than normal backlog. We certainly have that right now and are expecting to continue that into ‘23. And then obviously, pricing is continuing to anniversary and I would expect it to be a higher contributor to growth next year, all things being equal.
Bob McMahon: I think, Puneet, just to build on what Mike and Jacob were saying, I think one of the things you’re really seeing come out in Q3 is just the strength and breadth of our portfolio. And why we haven’t talked about spectroscopy a lot in the past, it continues to be a very important part of our portfolio and solution set. And I think it fits nicely across multiple end markets. And the LC and LC/MS get a lot of headlines, but we’re more than just an LC and LC/MS business.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Yes, I’ll – it’s not a material business. We estimate that’s less than $10 million annualized today. That’s the 0.1% that we built into our guide for Q4. But more importantly, I think strategically, I’ll let Jacob talk about the merits of the portfolio and how we think it’s going to continue to drive growth for us.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Exactly, Mike. I think you mentioned Q2 kind of order growth rate, and Q3 was in that same range. And so we’re seeing very strong demand and been able to do a fantastic job of ramping up that capacity, and we expect that to continue into Q4.
Bob McMahon: I think – as you said, I think one of the things that I think is really important, don’t take ‘22 and take – build it into your model because we don’t think that, that growth rate is going to continue. We certainly are pleased with it. But I think the other more important piece is we have a very strong right to win in the C&E business. We’re a leader in this space and feel good about our portfolio. And as Mike said, this is an area that we are seeing kind of a renewed sense in some of these areas that we do think that has many years to come in terms of investment.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hi, Mike, this is Bob. I’ll take that ear. It’s the former. And so when we take price, it takes some time to get through the backlog. And so we’re seeing the price realization from the orders that – the price increase that we took back in the beginning of the calendar year. And really, what we’re trying to do is cover our costs. And we’re seeing increased logistics costs and increased material costs. And so we’ve taken it across the board, but also recognizing where the costs are higher, we’ve taken those prices up higher. We haven’t really heard any pushback, I think, as evidenced by our strong order growth. And then also we look very closely at cancellations or – within our order book, and that continues to be very low. And so I think our customers understand why we’re having to raise prices because of the inflationary environment. And I think to date, we’ve been able to actually generate more price than I think we anticipated at the beginning of the year.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think we’ve been public about being willing to take on bigger deals than what we have had historically. I think we’re still – we have the benefit of having a very strong balance sheet. We’re going to first invest in our business. We think that that’s the greatest opportunity, but we’re always out on the lookout for M&A. And as you said – I would say the pipeline continues to be healthy. The dynamic has certainly changed in the last 9 months, particularly on the public market side, and I think there’s some good assets out there. It’s probably taken a little longer on the private market side, which is where we tend to focus our efforts. But I can tell you that we have – the beauty of our model is that we have organic growth first and M&A as kind of an adder on top of that. And so it is something that we’re continuing to look at and would be not uncomfortable levering up a little higher than where we are today for the right deal and if the economics work.
Bob McMahon: I’m not – that’s pretty rich. But I think it all depends on what the right asset and what it looks like.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And I would say – on the second question, Josh, I would say, first and foremost, demand continues to be very strong in our marketplace. And so we’re expecting order growth to continue in our fourth quarter. As you know, that typically is one of the larger quarters that we have for our sales organization and certainly for our customers as well. That being said, I would expect maybe some slight degradation in backlog just given, again, the deferral that we’re talking about within China. But don’t interpret that as us seeing anything slowing in the marketplace.
Bob McMahon: No. I think you’re spot on, Mike. I mean if we looked across the – all regions grew in C&E as, Mike, you were saying, but Europe was below the average. And so – but I think over time, that investment in some of these areas, we think, is ongoing demand.
Bob McMahon: Yes. No, that’s exactly right. I mean if you think about the months in our quarters, May was very light. As we talked about, we were ramping up, and I think we exited May at like 25% capacity. And then the teams really started kicking in in gear as the COVID restrictions started to ease. And July was very strong as they not only got the production up to full capacity, but then were able to not only satisfy existing demand, but also some of that deferral bring it in.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think if you looked at our 150 basis points year-on-year, it was roughly 50 basis points in gross margin and then 100 basis points of leverage on the SG&A OpEx side. And I think if you looked at that, there was some productivity. As I mentioned, price probably would have kept things flat. And then the other 50 basis points were a benefit of some productivity that the OFS team did and then the volume. That’s the thing that really – I think really helped drive a benefit in gross margin is just the amount of product that was able to be produced through the factories. And so that I think – think about pricing as covering our costs. And then if those incrementals around better-than-expected revenues drove the margin improvement on the gross margin side. What I would say is we continue to leverage the OpEx side to drive our productivity as a company overall.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I mean, I think our methodology really hasn’t changed. I think what we do is invest for growth first internally, and then we look for value-accreting M&A. But if there isn’t anything imminent, we’re also not going to keep cash on the books. And if I looked at historically, we’ve generated roughly 2% of earnings per share growth kind of below the line through share repurchase. And I think that that’s probably a fair way to look at it going forward. But in terms of – to be very clear, our priorities are investing for growth internally and then M&A before we would do share repurchases. And we’re also committed to continuing to grow our dividend as well.
Mike Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the question. This is Mike Ryskin on for Derik. I want to follow-up on your comments on price.
Mike Ryskin: Hi, guys. You sort of indicated that price continues to sort of grow as you go through the year. Is that a factor of the timing of when orders are converted to revenues and when you’re recognizing those revenues? So it’s just more of a dynamic of that? Or is this an incremental price increase that you’re building in as you go through the year? And just alongside that, any comments you could take in terms of reception to price? Any pushback or any particular areas where are you able to take more versus last? Just sort of give us an update on the pricing dynamic as you go through the year.
Mike Ryskin: Okay. Great. And then a follow-up. You’ve commented on the balance sheet that you’re getting the leverage lower and lower. I’ve done a couple of deals here and there in the past couple of years with the defended to be on the much smaller side. So could you talk about your willingness to lever up a little bit to put a little bit more of that capital to work? And if so, what are the types of assets you’re looking for? Sort of are sellers willing to engage in this market? Or is the – how are things proceeding on that front – on the BD front? Thanks.
