Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. So, thanks, Ross. Great question. I can see you're still on your game after being away for a bit. So, let me start with the latter part of your question, which is I think what you've got going on here is a really nice situation in terms of both improving market conditions at the same point in time where we've been introducing some pretty compelling new offerings, whether being gas chromatography, liquid chromatography and then spectroscopy portfolio as well, and ACG. All these products are playing into an improved market environment for our chemical and energy. So, I don't think we're just keeping pace with the market in terms of our performance in the chemical and energy with these double-digit growth rates we've seen. I think we're also obviously picking up some share as well. But it is a nice situation to be in in terms of both strength of portfolio and improved market conditions. Ross, I've kind of given up the idea of any kind of long-term view of these markets having been burned in the past on that. So, what we've been saying is, the positive momentum is there. I have a hard time, sometimes, with that word. But for next quarter or two, we have pretty good line of sight in that business. We would expect to maintain the momentum we have been seeing in the chemical and energy space. And I think what's been different over the last quarter is, we're seeing the growth across all three segments now that are investing in CapEx both on the expiration now in addition to what have been growth in the chemical side as well as refining. So, again, I think the outlook we kind of thought about relative to our guidance is in the next quarter or so. And we'll kind of keep an eye on it as we go forward.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, happy to answer that question, Ross. I'll leave the timing of when we think we may be able to get access to the overseas cash. I think we're still working through that right now. But what I can share with you fairly confidently is both are thinking about these, the cash and then I'll get into your question specifically relative to M&A. So, when we think about, as you probably gather from Didier's remarks that the tax reform is a positive for Agilent in terms of the access to overseas cash both on, if you will, the one-time repatriation of the cash that has been trapped, but also just an ongoing cash flow advantage back to Agilent in the U.S., but we're in no rush here. We're going to be disciplined with how we use the cash. The priority will remain M&A and capital expenditures, which is really to invest in the business. And as you've heard me talk before, we remain committed to this balanced capital allocation policy. Now, specific to the questions around M&A, I do really appreciate your feedback. I actually believe that we have built up the capability and have now a track record of delivering on the yields we have done. So, I appreciate that feedback. And our primary focus has been on bolt-ons as you know, where the prices for the deal for Agilent have been in the several million to several hundred million dollar range. But right now, as I had mentioned before, we're open to larger acquisitions but they still have to align with our long-term strategic intent, gaining more growth and earnings expansion for the company. And so, while we don't have a predetermined number, we're going to continue to be disciplined and selective. But I do believe the company is in a position that it could consider something larger than we have done in the past, both in terms of based on the operational results we've delivered as a company, but with inside the company we have really grown these muscles and really know how to make these things work with inside the company.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. So, thanks, Tycho. And as you may recall from our last earnings announcement, there's one area of concern I'd picked up in the call was, hey, is there something going on with Agilent's pharma business? And at that point in time, we described the situation where we had a very strong incoming order rate, but there many of them were longer lead-time products from an order to a revenue standpoint. And that's exactly what happened. We guided for growth in pharma. I think there was a lot of questions about whether or not that actually would occur after coming off a 5% decline in Q4 2017. And the quarter developed exactly as we had thought. So, what I would tell you is that we have roughly $20 million to $25 million of revenue that was basically in backlog in Q4 that we shipped them, most of it, in this first quarter. So, I think we're right on our view of the overall growth for pharma for us, which is in the mid single-digit. So, I wouldn't want to imply that there's an acceleration of growth, but I think we continue to be very confident in our ability to make the numbers we committed to. And we saw both strength in biopharma and the small molecule side of pharma for us. So, we really were pleased with the numbers we put up in the first quarter in pharma.
Michael R. McMullen: And, Patrick, if I remember our conversation from this morning, it's both in our expectations relative to unit growth as well as price per unit. So...
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. Let me make a few comments here. So, there is somewhat of a Lunar New Year. And I told Didier earlier, so I'd hope at one point in time one quarter I won't have to talk. Every year, we seem to talk about Lunar New Year, but this is a reminder for the audience. What happened here is the way the Lunar New Year fell this year, many customers actually wanted shipments of products before they left for the holiday. So, we had some revenues that we thought were going to be in the second quarter that actually showed up in China in the first quarter. On the chemical energy, I wouldn't say that's material at the company level, however, but there's a portion of the business that's impacted. We think about the overall guide for the year, I think we're probably – if you think about our guide, the midpoint of 5.5%, I think you could probably put us 6%, 6-plus-percent, 6%, 6.5% for chemical and energy. And, again, we're expecting a continuation of the momentum, albeit we're starting to go into a period of tough compares, because, as I mentioned in my call, it's now been four quarters in a row of double-digit growth. And now I have to compare my growth against those hot numbers. But, again, the market environment continues to be positive in chemical and energy, and we're kind of in the 6-ish range for the year.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, sure. Happy to address both questions. So, there's been a lot of talk about the inflation, inflationary concerns. And it's put a drag on the market, as you know, at the time of release, introduced a level of volatility in the market we haven't seen for a while, but we're not seeing that in our market. So, of course, the markets are very competitive. There're certain competitors who tend to focus more on price than we do. But, Patrick, I think it's pretty fair to say that we're really not seeing a lot of real changes in discounting practices or pricing structures in the marketplace. And that's why I'd actually asked – I pointed out earlier, for example, in our new product category that we just introduced, we're actually doing better on the ASP side than we had actually anticipated. So, we're feeling pretty comfortable about where the price points are. (30:47)
Michael R. McMullen: And, yes, yes, sorry. Yeah. So, in terms of market share, we look at the macro numbers and said okay, we know our growth rate's higher than our peers, and then we kind of peer into the different product categories. I think we have a good handle, particularly on our LSAG instrument side because we're able to compare ourselves through and externally, if you will, an independent source of data, ALDA. And we can see where our market shares are really picking up. And I think it kind of spilled out a bit in my narrative, but mass spec was strong double-digit growth; chromatography, spectroscopy, these are places where really we can say confidently we're picking up share relative to the competition. But at the same point in time, even though we don't have the same stats, we know in DGG, on the pathology side we continue to pick up share growing there. So, it's been a sort of a broad-based story, but in particular we can talk with a lot of confidence because we have external data around our instruments.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, Puneet. Thanks for that insightful question. And this is a general statement. We tend to run promotions on a regular basis. And this is part of our mix when we're trying to target certain areas or certain geographies or certain market segments. And then, we have gone down a path of promoting, if you will, the entire solution and not just picking an element of a particular purchase that a customer would be interested in. So, I think it may be a specific question about, maybe you can comment specifically, Patrick, about what's going on in the liquid chromatography area between you and Mark on the column side.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, I mean, the strategy here is really to get new incremental growth, new customers, not sell to existing customers at a lower price point.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, what I'm going to do is, I'll take – by the way, thanks for the comments, Paul. I'm going to go ahead and take the first question. And Mark, if you could pick up the second question on ACG's longer term outlook. So, in terms of the margin expansion, we were really just delighted to see the 130 basis points of improvement in Q1. And as you may recall, we had a bogey we had put out last year to hit 22%. And I told us, listen, that's just a milestone along a longer journey of continued margin improvement. So, fundamentally, we think that we can continue to improve operating margins about a 35% incremental moving forward. And then to your question, we have some real specific programs lined up. So, I mentioned in my remarks about our Agile Agilent program and we're still finding ways to simplify the company, streamline the company. A lot of the focus now is in our back office operations as well as how we handle the incoming orders from customers. We have still a very manual process. And we think that we can really automate that, and we have what we call a touchless transaction initiative inside the company. And, again, I think it leads to more seamless customer experience and increases our velocity of transactions we handle. And we don't have to continue to add people at the same rate as revenue. So that's one area of focus for example. The second area, and I think is actually much more significant in terms of P&L impact is the initiatives that we have underway in our order fulfillment organization. So, the evolution of that was phase one was really about moving products into lower cost geographies . And now phase two is really heavily focused on three aspects, which is, one, is focusing on the material costs for the company which last time I looked was well over $900 million of purchases. We're in the midst of a major transformation of our procurement organization and how we engage and work with suppliers. And it's already starting to translate into some lower costs, while maintaining – or in some cases, even improving quality. We have a major initiative of value engineering, where we basically use our engineering prowess to reengineer certain components for lower cost while sustaining improvement of performance of the product. And the last area is logistics where we continue to find ways to lower cost. And you may have caught a recent announcement, if you follow the local news in Tennessee where we have made a major move to insource logistics from FedEx in Tennessee. So that will also be one more example of things we're doing in the supply chain to lower cost. And then the third thing I would just say is, in general, across the entire company we have this continuous process improvement mindset where we continue to find ways to streamline what we do to make it more efficient and make people's work inside the company more enjoyable while also having the great benefit of doing a better job for our customers, and obviously the P&L. So, I think those things are sustainable. I think we're still in middle innings, if you will, on this. We haven't run out of ideas and we think we continue to sustain this performance. Mark, in terms of sustaining performance, perhaps you can share with Paul and the audience your thoughts about the long-term growth prospects for ACG.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. Great question, Derik. And I think what we saw was, overall, if you look at the strength which really surprised us was, we saw stronger than forecast growth in academia and government. We weren't expecting that kind of number, 11%. Chemical engineering we knew was going to be good, but we didn't think it was going to be that good. And in Europe, we knew it would be good, but not that good. So, I think things just came in stronger than we forecast. The year-end budgets were there. So, we had a lot of order strength coming into the calendar year. And we were able to turn a lot of that into revenue in the first quarter. The one that we hadn't anticipated in addition to those points I just made relative to the market environment was, customer behavior in China, which is, what we had was a timing issue or we had some Q2 revenue pull in from the Lunar New Year because typically customers want their products, says, ah, Lunar New Year, we'll deal with this after we come back. But for some reason, this year, which I can't really explain, they were looking for products to be taken earlier. So, we actually had more revenue in China. I mean, we had upper teens growth in China for the quarter. We think China's still going to be a source of growth, high single digits, maybe 10-ish for the year, but it won't grow upper teens like it did in Q1. So, I think of all the things that one I think we hadn't anticipated from a standpoint of different customer behavior in China, although we didn't think the budget would be as strong as well in certain market segments. So, it was a quarter where everything came together very, very nicely. And we're happy with the numbers.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, I think I'll have Mark make some comments here. So, this is relatively your closed study of the company, because it's relatively new introduction for the company. So, Mark, why don't you share with Derik your thoughts about what's going on in China and whether or not this model may play out in other geographies.
Michael R. McMullen: And, Derik, I would just add. We don't see this as cannibalizing our current business, we actually see it as an addition. I think there was some concern, oh, we've introduced new product, are we going to cannibalize our own business? This is type of segment we're not able to address right now. So, we're pretty excited about this.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, absolutely. So, speaking for Patrick, I'll jump right on this one, which was, we are starting to see repeat orders and multiunit purchases of Intuvo GC, particularly in high throughput applications where they're also using mass spec. So, it's playing out just as we thought it would. But I will tell you it takes the customer some time to understand exactly what it is we've delivered to the marketplace. I can just share with you firsthand, last week I was in India and I sat in on a seminar with some of our key VIP customers who are very knowledgeable in gas chromatography and they had a lot of questions and there had been some hesitation because it was so new, but once they had opportunity to really understand it and see it, really see how unique the innovation here is. And, in fact, one of the customers said, listen, gas chromatography has been sort of the same way for decades, this is really quite something different and you really have changed the thinking about innovation. It really is easy to use. So, customers who have it have been really pleased, and we're now starting to see repeat buys and multi buys, so, that ramp rate is starting to occur.
Michael R. McMullen: That's exactly the answer. You've got it. So, we've been through these kind of cycles before, but we're actually – if, in fact, they would occur, but the company is in such a different position than it was during some of the other bigger consolidations we've seen in the past. So, yeah, you would have a pause on new instrument purchases. At the same point in time, it'll create new opportunities for us in the ACG business as it relates to both enterprise services, relocation, also refurbished business units. We'll probably get very actively involved in taking some of the excess equipment that customers may have and taking it back into Agilent and redeploy in other set market segments. So, we're not overly concerned about this. And we've also found historically when there's been merger and acquisition where they tend to want to consolidate or put more spends on to a fewer vendors, it plays to our strength, really reliable equipment that has high performance and really has a cost of ownership advantage to them. So, I think the ACG story is one thing that really allows us to say, if this would occur, it'll be mitigated by some of the change we've made in terms of the company's portfolio and capabilities we offer to the marketplace.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. So, the funding environment has been improved in Europe and has remained strong in China. So, geographically, we're pointing to Europe and China as the source of strength for academia and government. But your intuition was spot-on, which is we've really fundamentally changed the commercial approach to this marketplace. And that's why it is always hard to predict market share gains when you're doing your guide and your forecasts. But I think that's one of the reasons why we're seeing such strong growth because what we've done is we fundamentally have – we reorganized our academia and government channel. And I think that would be in quotes because a couple years ago, it was a very fragmented approach to these university and government market. Now we have one focus channel backed up by a company-wide academia program supported by a number of initiatives such as our Thought Leader Awards and other access programs we had with our Agilent Labs. So, this combination of a new go to customer model in academia and government backed up by some new company level programs I think is starting to yield dividends.
Michael R. McMullen: Great question. It's actually very timely, as we just had a review on that just a few hours ago. So, Jacob, if you can remember the details perhaps you can handle that question.
Michael R. McMullen: But we're really feeling happy about where we are. We just had a very detailed review of the production progress. We're pretty much almost done the construction side of the production. Capabilities are bringing on and then we'll start moving into, as Jacob mentioned, validation.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. Thanks for the recap of the guide. And you're exactly right. There's been no change in our thinking about how we guide the company. And I tried to call that out in my script, and I think I used the word we'll continue to take a quarter-by-quarter look. And we stand ready to raise our full-year guidance as business conditions remain favorable. And that's what we'd said for example the Q4 of 2017. And that's exactly what we've done here in this first quarter.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. We don't report directly the specific numbers around the vision of the company. But I think you can probably gauge the relative size if you can go back and look at what we said at the time of the acquisition of Seahorse Bioscience. And it is growing in the ranges you just described.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, sure. Happy to address a number of points that you've asked about. So, first of all, I can just share with you, I think Teva is a company-specific challenge, not an indication of what's happening in the macro market environment. And I mentioned earlier that I'd been in India, and, of course, the generic industry is quite important in the Indian marketplace. And I was with a number of executives from generic pharma companies, and they're really excited about where things are going. I think there's something like $50 billion worth of new drugs coming off of patents in the next two years, on the small molecule side. They're making a lot of investments in biosimilar. So, that marketplace is very healthy. And I think Teva is going through some of its own internal challenges, but I wouldn't say that's indicative of the overall marketplace. They are a customer of ours, but I think it's not material at the company level in terms of the business volume there. And then I believe the instrument aftermarket ratios are fairly dissimilar in pharma as they are in the rest of the company, maybe – yeah, yeah, which is probably in the range of 55% or so aftermarket, 45% upfront. Hope that helps.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. So, I'll make some initial comments and then invite Patrick and Jacob into the discussion. So, I just saw exceptional performance in LSAG with 11% growth. That really shows you when we get to top line, we get a lot of leverage in the margins there. And as we mentioned earlier, we think the pricing is holding up. So, we're pretty confident about the margin going forward. I don't think we can expect that level of improvement every quarter, would be my guess, Patrick.
Michael R. McMullen: Right. I think it also shows our business model side of the company. Hey, when volume picks up, we don't go on a spending spree here. And that's how we can get the margin expansion. And I think it's important, maybe as we shift over to DGG, is, there's a lot of puts and takes each quarter in DGG given just the nature of the business. And so, again, we've had a great run in terms of margin expansion and we think we're going to be in a solid position as we begin exit 2018. But perhaps maybe just a little bit more insight in terms of how you think about where you are on the margins, Jacob.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. So, yeah, you're right, Tycho, that we had another strong quarter on the top line growth with 8% growth. And we're very pleased with that. We saw very strong growth from our pathology and our companion diagnostics business from a margin perspective. We have five divisions, and the mix continues from (23:49) quarter-to-quarter. So, the long-term view is still intact and we were actually expecting to be in this level. So, there's nothing from the market perspective that impacted our performance.
Jacob Thaysen: Yeah. So, what I would share with the audience – thanks for the question, Tycho. We continue to be very pleased with the progress that Lasergen is making on the program. And as you may know that we have a pre-negotiated deal structure, which would allow us to exercise a call option in March. And I think that's probably all I'm going to say at this point in time beyond the fact that the time of the exercise does fall in the period covered by our 10-Q. And if there would be an exercise, you would note that it'd be in the 10-Q. And just as a reminder, we're thinking about Lasergen along the lines of any other acquisition. So, it's not been considered in how we guided for the rest of the year. But, again, we continue to be quite pleased with how the program has been progressing.
Jacob Thaysen: Yeah, absolutely. And we are pleased to report that we continued to move forward according to our expectations meaning that our validation efforts will start in early next year and then continue. We actually believe it will take quite a while. This is a unique setup we have. So, validation will take a while to get through. It's not something that happens within a few months, but over a period of time. And we do believe that would be all done by end of next fiscal year. And then start to see revenue into 2020, sometime in 2020. Hopefully a little bit in 2019 too.
Jacob Thaysen: That's right. I'm buffering my expectations, but yeah, right into 2019, we would start to see revenue.
Jacob Thaysen: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. And as mentioned before, we came in low. We always do that in Q1 since we have a strong run rate business and very dependent on the number of days in the quarter. But at the same time, we have a relatively high fixed cost space. This is the impact you will have in Q1. And we have that basically every year. And then there is, on top of that, some mix that can move from one quarter to the other. And that is really what you have seen in this quarter, but overall came in as expected.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure. Thanks, Mike. Yeah. So, on the Ultivo product, and to what Mike said, all these new products drive a lot of good momentum for us in our end markets. And if you take Ultivo, for example, which we started shipping last quarter, and I'm happy to report that it's well ahead of our own plan in terms of ramped volumes, and we're really pleased with the acceptance that we own in our own field by the customers. We get excellent feedback from the first installations out there, and it's driving a lot of excitement about our product portfolio. So, it's not only driving the Ultivo volume itself, it's also driving a lot of collateral business for us in the LC/MS business. And I think this pipeline of new products that we have launched over the last two years is a major contribution for us, in our trajectory right now, we're taking market share.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah, I'll kick it off. So, when you look at the LC/MS space, we definitely have seen the strongest growth in the Quadrupole space, meaning single-quarter and triple-quarter. And a lot of that was driven by the product launches we made last year at ASMS. We introduced the Ultivo, we also introduced a new single-quad product, both drive healthy growth for us in LC/MS. And in terms of growth that drove in revenues in Q1, yes, some of it was driven by the strong order growth we had in Q4 last year, but we see a continued momentum behind these products. So, I'm not concerned on the outlook of these products. The funnel looks pretty healthy. When you look at the end-market space, as Mike mentioned that pharma is doing very well for us in the LC/MS, but we also see it in Applied Markets like in food analysis where this product is heavily used.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Yeah, I think what we're really doing here is, we are leveraging the strength of both instrument and the aftermarket business in the consumables. When we launched last year the Infinity brand LC consumables as well, we thought it's also now a product that really put some stronger campaigns behind it, again, as Mike said, this is nothing unusual. We do this really to extend our market region, we try to reach customers which potentially have not considered Agilent in the past, like at the lower end of the portfolio is what you have seen there. So, it's not a strong discounting account across the entire portfolio. We're really trying to target also entry-level systems and customers who want to benefit from the Agilent performance and quality of our instruments and aftermarket solutions that have not considered us today. And this was part of that promotion you probably referred to.
Patrick Kaltenbach: You'll not see the same level of improvement for sure. But, again, to your point, is what we definitely see is that the new products have better gross margins. They are very competitive in pricing, which is, again, driving a lot of it. And when the volume picks up, as we have seen the last quarter, then you get these exceptional results.
Mark Doak: Thanks, Mike, and thanks Paul for the question. Obviously, we're very pleased with our ongoing very consistent high single-digit growth performance. And we're confident in our ability to grow. And it's not just from a market share gain perspective, it's also bigger account penetration into our current accounts and also portfolio expansion. And Mike alluded to this at the beginning of the call, what's fundamentally been a growth driver for us. And we saw accelerating growth throughout the remainder of 2017 and now into 2018 has been our consumables portfolio. This started well over a couple years back. And there's never going to be a single big product area inside our consumables business that that'll drive top line, but over the course of FY 2017 we added over 1,000 new products into our portfolio. And as you probably can guess, those then get pushed through our channels, our expanded e-channel reach and then ultimately they have long-term annuity streams that in many cases last over a decade. So, I'd say across the board, if we look at it from our enterprise business, our instruments service business and our consumables business, we continue to see great opportunity to continue to grow across those dimensions that I just mentioned.
Mark Doak: Hi, Derik, Mark. As far as China is concerned, we've gone on record that we wanted to look specifically at China's marketplace, look at a portfolio that's fine-tuned to China. And our Value line offering in China was to address customers who are still looking for higher quality, but not quite as much capability in our supplies in chemistries business. And we're obviously very pleased with the initial results of this and extending that portfolio. At this juncture, we certainly see the opportunity to move this to other areas where we could see the same value proposition, whether it be parts of Southeast Asia or India. We're not ready quite to pull the trigger on that, but our primary focus is China, just because of the enormous market opportunity there. But that was the intent with this Value line is, same quality they expect from Agilent that at a performance that's relative to the tests they're trying to accomplish there.
Mark Doak: Mike, just go ahead and reiterate that comment, it really has been a bolt-on to our current business in China.
