Robert McMahon: Brandon, this is Bob. Just to kind of frame in, if we think about these businesses, this emerging biotech, which is the one that has really changed during the course of Q2. That represents roughly about 10% of our pharma business, and we were projecting that at roughly low double digits. And now we're expecting that to decline. And as Mike was saying, the rest of the business was high single digits, and now we're assuming kind of low double digits, given this more conservative capital. I would also say the funnels are healthy from the standpoint of working with them. It's just taking longer for them to translate that deal velocity into orders.
Robert McMahon: Vijay, maybe just to add a couple of other comments to what Mike was saying. In the second quarter, we talked about revenue exceeding our orders, and that was really at the -- towards the back end. And we came into Q2, we'd say, still greater than normal backlog. And so we were able to -- our OFS team was able to actually drive down our backlog and leverage that. And if you took the backlog impact out of our numbers, we would have been at mid-single digits for transparency in Q2. And we had built some of that into our forecast. We just didn't refill the funnel as much as we thought we were going to coming into Q2, which means resulted in a lower expectation for the second half of the year.
Robert McMahon: Yes, you're right. In Q2, we did -- we had higher revenues than expected. And we did have some negative mix effect that resulted in a lower-than-expected margin. Now we did expand. We just didn't expand as much as we had anticipated. And as a result of the lower guidance, as Mike talked about doubling down on cost efficiencies, so we've taken a number of actions to streamline our spending profile in the second half of the year in order to drive greater margin expansion in the second half to drive the EPS.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Puneet, if we look at Q2, we always assumed that Q2 was going to be a very strong, given what we were facing on an easier comp, and we talked about that in our prepared remarks, where Shanghai was shut down for roughly six weeks. That deferred roughly $50 million to $55 million of revenue that's now showing up in Q3 and Q4 of last year, which will make it much tougher comps. And to give you a perspective, last year, we went minus 3% in Q2, 29% growth and then 44% growth. So we're always expecting moderated growth expectations in the back half of the year just given that tough comp. Now what we've seen is not a pickup in the performance in the marketplace, particularly in pharma, which we were expecting coming out of kind of the first quarter after the elimination of the zero COVID. And we're assuming that this current performance will maintain through the second half of the year. We're not going to see a recovery.
Robert McMahon: And to give you a perspective, emerging biotech, Puneet, is roughly -- it's less than 5% of the total company. It's roughly closer to 3% for the full company in terms of revenue.
Robert McMahon: Yes, Matt. What we've built into the -- if you looked at where we were at the beginning of the year, the largest changes in pharma, where we were at high single digits, and as I mentioned, going to low single digits. Our chemical and advanced materials, we're still assuming a mid- to high single-digit growth for the full year. Certainly front-end loaded given kind of the challenges that we see in terms of the comps with China. But we are seeing -- we are expecting that to be more resilient given some of the fundamental secular drivers of semicon and batteries. So it continues to be strong and are expected to stay strong in the second half of the year as well.
Robert McMahon: And Rachel, you're right. Our orders grew greater than revenue in Q1. And as I mentioned earlier in the call, Q2, it reversed where revenue was greater than orders. And we did eat into backlog both in Q1 and Q2 in the instrument side and supply. As to the delivery times declined, we thought that that was a healthy thing. And we're back at normalized delivery times as well as a normalized backlog.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I would say, Dan, some of our end customers have had a really challenging time and shut down sites, and that has affected our volumes. We saw that in Q1, and it continued into Q2. As Mike, you're saying, we start anniversary-ing some of those in the back half of the year and expect it to perform better. But some of those are customer-specific.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I mean, we typically do have some seasonality built into our results. If you not just looked at last year, but historically, our Q4 does have a typical ramp-up from Q3. And we're looking at it. If you look historically kind of how we're looking at the seasonality, that's kind of how we built it in. We are expecting stronger both revenue and order performance, Q4 relative to Q3, based on what we know today.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I would say -- let me take the last one first. Our LSAG business, where we were assuming for the full year kind of mid-single-digit growth with it front-end loaded, we're now expecting low single digits, just above 0. So we're actually expecting a decline in both the second -- third quarter and fourth quarter for LSAG driven in part by the emerging biotech and the small molecule. In terms of the biopharma, biopharma actually in total grew 16% in the Q2 results, and that was benefited obviously from NASD. If you took NASD out, it was 11%. So what we saw was this change in the quarter, and we're assuming that change will stay pretty consistent in the back half of the year.
Robert McMahon: Yes, super pleased with the performance of NASD. And as we look out to the second half of the year, we feel good about the performance and are excited about Train B coming online. And we're having conversations with customers as we look to fill that Train up. And what I would say is kind of stay tuned from that standpoint. But what I would say long term, we're extremely excited about this. That's why we're investing another $700 million in adding Train C and D as well. So we think that we're in the early stage of therapeutic discovery here in terms of RNA, siRNA-based therapies and there will just be more larger indications as those move through the clinic.
Robert McMahon: Yes. So if you looked at our overall orders, they were down low single digits. As Mike mentioned, ACG and DDG grew and LSAG was down mid- to high single digits in the quarter. And as I mentioned before, our guide contemplates a decline for LSAG in both Q3 and Q4.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Just to build on what Mike is saying. Obviously, we've got -- we've been looking at discretionary spend, things like travel but also demand related. If there's not demand, we're not going to spend the same level of marketing funds as an example. And we continue to really drive productivity. We talked about that at the very beginning of the year around productivity in our workforce, and we'll continue to do that, making sure that we don't get ahead of ourselves in terms of adding more people relative to the business.
Robert McMahon: And on orders, Josh, we won't disclose individual product lines. But as I mentioned, the order growth for LSAG was down mid to high, and they were higher than that. The decline was greater than the average.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I think, Josh, the one thing that we did see, and we talked about this at the beginning of the year because there was a lot of talk about the stimulus. That stimulus was targeted at higher-end applications and instrumentation that we don't necessarily have the product portfolio or compete in. And so I don't think that has moved budgets, but it created a stimulus for potentially areas that we're not as exposed to as maybe some other players in the marketplace.
Robert McMahon: Yes, sure. So Liza, if you looked at that in isolation, actually, there is margin compression, given the Train B startup. But we've taken that into account. We had that in our initial guide, and that's money. That's good money to spend because we've got a lot of opportunity there. And so the cost savings that we've been talking about is really not in that area. It's in the other parts of the business.
Mike McMullen: Bob, one thing I forgot to mention as well is we aren't hearing the budgets are being cut. But the timeline, as Bob mentioned, are extended, and we're often here -- often at higher levels of approval as well within our customer base.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Sure, Brandon. No, you may recall earlier this year, we really were pointing to Europe as a watch area, particularly Western Europe. I have to say, we continue to point to it as a watch area, but we've been pleased with the results to date. We are seeing signs of increased cautiousness on the chemical side of our customer base in Europe, but advanced materials continues to be -- demand there. And we're pleased with how the business is holding up right now.
Mike McMullen: So there's a lot to unpack there. Bob, so you and I maybe can tag team on this. But let's first of all talk about the pace of business. So as you're right, Vijay, it really is a tale of two cities. I mean, look at how we performed for the first half, double-digit core growth, double-digit EPS growth, continued margin expansion. But we saw -- and we have been signaling a level of cautiousness in our customer base, and we talked about the uncertainty that was assumed in our second half guide. We've been talking about that for a few quarters. But what I would tell you is that we actually started and it's really a late quarter phenomena. We started to see a little bit maybe the last week or so of March, really centered in April, where the level of caution from our customers increased. Deal cycles were continuing to get further pushed out, deals weren't closing. And that really was the reason for the push in terms of downward guide for the second half. What I can tell you, what we're seeing so far through May, I think that was also one of your questions, is mid-May today orders, if you will, are tracking towards our revised order expectation. We haven't -- we've been through these cycles before in terms of downturns. These are always hard to predict because it's always hard to know exactly when the cycle started. But our experience is at least 12-month kind of cycles, 12 to 18 months. So -- and I think that's really the question that we need to work through here in the next few quarters. And again, as Bob and I have said in the past, we take one quarter at a time. And what we're trying to do here is comment to you today is what we're seeing today in the marketplace, and it's a level of increased cautiousness on capital deployment.
Mike McMullen: I was just going to say too, Bob, I think it's fair to say relative to our guide assumptions, we're mainly looking at the pharma market. Although this level of cautiousness -- the increased level of cautiousness we're seeing is really across all end market segments, but really centered in pharma.
Mike McMullen: And Vijay, I'd also point out there is a level of variability in our pay plans tied directly to adjust for the company's performance that are assumed in our guide for second half.
Mike McMullen: And your last question is the toughest question, which is, sort of, if you will, your crystal ball question. We've typically seen 12- to 18-month kind of cycles historically. And as Jacob and I and Bob have talked in the past, we've always felt that this is more of a mid-single-digit kind of growth market with -- for instruments, which is still very healthy end market growth rate and particularly when you build around at the service and consumables piece. We're not calling for that yet to occur for this year. So I think the only other thing I would say is for a large majority of our instrument business it is a replacement cycle. We've talked about that time and time again. And so these products are in the installed base. They will have to be replaced. The question is when. And again, interest and demand remains high. I mean, our backlog is strong. As we mentioned in prior calls, and I just -- we emphasized that again today. Quality backlog remains high, no significant order cancellations and as Padraig likes to say, we're adding fresh funnel to the backlog. So it points to future demand, but we're just not seeing indications of when their buying behaviors are going to change.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think durability is the right word to use here, Padraig and Matt. And this is a resilient part of our company's portfolio. We've talked about these recurring revenue businesses. And I think the story here is even bigger, Padraig, than extension of instrument life as people are deferring replacement purchases. We also believe we've been picking up share and particularly been doing really nicely job on the enterprise level.
Mike McMullen: Rachel, thanks for the question. As you know, we don't report on book-to-bill, but what we can use is how to qualitatively describe the backlog and I think we used the word normalized backlog from the elevated levels we have seen in the quarter. So we're at a normal level of backlog in terms of month supply. So -- and we've been talking about this movement towards normalization in terms of the backlog, and we're there now. Yes.
Mike McMullen: Bob, I think we did have some pretty tough compares in terms of our prior year order growth. But -- and I think ACG and DGG continued to grow in the quarter.
Mike McMullen: Yes, I'm going to pull Jacob into this call, but he has had an opportunity to join in the conversation. But I think the storyboard here for LC is very consistent with the overall macro environment we described, which is an increasingly cautious set of decisions being made by customers relative to new instrument purchases. And as you know, we've been talking for some quarters about the moderation we were expecting to see in small molecule LC placements, that the 20-plus growth rates that the industry have been seeing for a number of quarters, would actually see a level of moderation start to occur. And that's what we saw in this recent quarter, and we would expect to see that continue throughout this year. And perhaps, you want to add some of your thoughts here as well, Jacob, and then take on the question about market share as well.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I don't think you can point to Silicon Valley, but you can point to the pressure that the pharma companies run relative to their P&Ls, and they're cautious. They're really cautious about deploying new capital. And it's...
Mike McMullen: Yes. And Dan, I have to say in all transparency, it's a little bit hard to figure out, right, because we had a similar thesis, which was the markets would be more resilient. Although we expect with some level of pressure as we assumed in our second half guide, a little more resilient in the face of slowing GDP. But things have -- obviously, things have moved more quickly than we had anticipated. And this level of increased costs was something we've seen in the last probably four to six weeks. And it's difficult to figure out from the standpoint is there's no obvious external catalyst. We just know we're seeing it across a broad section of our customer base.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So I'm going to invite Sam on to this, but I think what you'll hear from him is he'll talk to you about it's a U.S.-centric phenomenon, not a market share issue. And there is that level of CapEx there that's on the instrument side that we're feeling a bit as well.
Mike McMullen: We are assuming a level of improvement in our genomics business in the second half in our guidance I'll recall, Bob, and not full recovery, but improvement.
Mike McMullen: Sure. Bob and I think we've got a realistic forecast here. And that's why we're asking to think about guidance in the midpoint. We had already assumed some level of slower capital investment in those end markets in our previous guide. So there really is no change to that. We think that outside of maybe the chemical side of CAM, those other end markets will hold up relative to our guide expectations. And listen, we've had experience in these cycles before. And Mike, one of the things I wanted to mention earlier to a previous caller's question was, we know when the market is low. This is actually when the Agilent team even shines further. We always gain market share in down markets. So I'm absolutely convinced you heard in my prepared remarks that we're going to come out of this thing stronger. I think the only debate is how long the cycle is going to be.
Mike McMullen: And Jack, I think it's also fair to say it's primarily a U.S. and a little bit European phenomena. We've got to see really new ranks being deployed and implemented in China and Japan, which down the road could be a source of continued growth on a global basis.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'm really glad to address this head on. So because you hit one of the key messages, we still are very positive on the long-term growth opportunities in these markets we serve. We think we're in a pause in certain segments of our market, but we remain very bullish on the long-term end markets. And the trick here is to make sure you're doing the right thing to manage the business in the short run in terms of being able to deliver leveraged earnings growth for our shareholders, and that's why I talked about the confidence we have in our shareholder value creation model. But at the same point in time, make sure that we don't cut off things that are going to get in the way of our long-term growth. And we know how to do this. We've done this before. We've got some variable pay programs. We have things we look at relative to travel and other things that are associated with expense, things that aren't necessarily immediately near-term revenue generating. And then what we'll do is we'll prioritize. We'll make sure that we're focusing on the sustaining our ability to realize the growth opportunities in a lot of these businesses, which are growing right now. One thing that came out today is it's a story of the multiple growth drivers across Agilent. Clearly, we're having some near-term challenges right now in analytical instrumentation business, yet pathology is growing well. NSE is growing well, services, consumables. So we've got a pretty rigorous program. And what I can assure you is that we will make the reductions in areas that we don't think will get in the way of our ability to continue to sustain what we believe to be out market growth. And Bob, I know you put a lot of thought and time on this, but we've already been activating a lot of the software already. So we didn't wait to the earnings call to get started on this, but I know that we think there's a path forward here for us.
Mike McMullen: Yes, I want to tag team with Padraig on this, and then I'll go back to the order question to Bob. But yes, I mean, what we're hearing or I heard directly is customers aren't cutting their budgets. And I happened to be in Europe last month at our demo facility in Vauban, Germany. It's fully booked for the next three months. I mean -- so there's a lot of interest, a lot of interest in Agilent solutions. We just can't get the PEOs through their approval process inside their companies. And that's why we think it's transitory, although we have to acknowledge what we're seeing today, and that's reflective of the revised guide for the second half.
Mike McMullen: I think there's no real significant difference between some segments of the overall pharma market. And I think the -- and Padraig, correct me if I'm wrong, I think the overall sentiment is economic uncertainty and just being cautious. It's a -- it's like I said earlier, it's a hard one to initially figure out because there's no obvious external catalysts because we deal with this. But -- this is what we're seeing, and we just thought it was important to share that directly on the call today.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Look, I think the breadth of product offerings across many of the hardware platforms enables us to add all types of customer -- all types of customer operations. And what we're seeing is extremely strong demand for our services as utilization of the installed base happens. And in particular, we're seeing lab-wide enterprise service offerings, a big demand for that where we're helping customers with their efficiency, their asset management and so on. So I think it's a very durable business, and I think it's going to continue to be durable over that time frame.
Padraig McDonnell: I would also say, Mike, we still have a big opportunity to attach our service contracts onto the business. And of course, as we go through this cycle, we continue to accelerate that.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. And I would add, Mike, the approval levels that we're seeing are going up and up and at the highest levels within pharma accounts are making decisions on capital purchase. So a lot of caution is around that.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. No, I think you said it well, Mike. It's a very similar dynamics in China from what we're seeing in the rest of the world, which is quite simply customers have become more conservative CapEx budgets and spending decisions, albeit on the EV markets and so on, that's a particular strength that we're going to continue to see. But I think that's what we're seeing. Yes.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. No. Look, I think you're right, Mike. I think the customer activity remains high. I think one thing that we've really seen is no uptick in cancellations whatsoever. Funnels remain intact. And actually, we're adding fresh funnel in certain cases. So I think it's really a case of slower deal velocity.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely, and thanks for the question. I mean, first of all, we continue to see good market share gain in the LC business. And we see that, as Mike was mentioning also, over the last year, we have really seen a high growth in the LC business over many of our end markets. Obviously, being fueled significantly in the pharma, both small and large molecules. And as both Mike and Bob was talking about, these markets are changing right now. So while we will see a change in the market dynamics and thereby also some of the growth rates, the strategy have been in place from LCMS and pretty much the whole portfolio has been to build these workflows that is based on robust reliable instruments and really solution-oriented. And we expect and we see that this is what our customers are looking for. And hence, I'm expecting that while the markets are down, we will continue to see market share gain in this business and also in the LCMS business.
Jacob Thaysen: I think I am, but we certainly are early innings here. We have been -- we've seen a lot of growth last year, and we continue to see it. Obviously, right now, since there's also a lot of funding through the government, it's a little bit lumpy. But if you look at for the long horizon, this is a huge opportunity for us, and we have a very strong position with our LCMS business here. And we're also seeing it expanding into new areas with the DCMS business. So I'm still very bullish on that, and we continue to see a lot of business here.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, you're absolutely right, Mike. I mean there's a lot of things going on here in U.S., and there's been regulation in certain states right now, but it's driven by regulation. So when regulations go onboard and online in different countries, you see a step-up in that. So there's definitely more to come here.
