William Sullivan: Thanks, Alicia, and hello, everyone. Agilent's Q3 revenues were $1.69 billion, up 21% year-over-year on a non-GAAP basis. Q3 orders were also $1.69 billion, up 30% over last year. Overall financial results were excellent. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.77 per share, while adjusted operating margin of 20.2% was the highest in Agilent's history.  The Electronic Measurement business continues to be excellent. Q3 revenues of $856 million were up 24% over last year. All regions achieved double-digit growth. Quarterly operating margin of 24% was a record high for the business.  Communications revenues were up 33% year-over-year. We saw strong test demand for wireless manufacture, driven by smartphones, 3G and LTE network rollouts, while wireless R&D was relatively flat. Although wireless manufacturing growth of 80% in the quarter lowered our overall gross margins, we still produced an incremental operating margin of 47%. We will continue to pursue mobile handset manufacturing opportunities, while positioning electronics measurement to continue meeting its incremental targets.  General-purpose revenues were up 19%, with growth driven by industrial, computer and semiconductor submarkets. Digital test was particularly strong, driven by new, high-speed digital interfaces.  Aerospace and defense was unfavorably impacted by recent U.S. budget concerns. However, aerospace and defense outside the Americas, which accounts for roughly 35% of that business continues to see solid growth. Market acceptance for our oscilloscope product offerings continues to be excellent. We've also had strong response to the introduction of our PNA-X network analyzer. Life Sciences business revenues of $453 million were up 21% over a year ago, up 18% organically. We saw solid growth across all regions, with particular strength in China and the rest of Asia Pacific. While there continues to be market uncertainty in the U.S. and European pharmaceutical industry, we have good momentum driven by the replacement cycle for lab instrumentation.  In academic and government, we continue to do an excellent job of identifying opportunities, where our solutions are true differentiators for leading researchers.  The Life Science group launched several new Mass Spec products in Q3. These include the 6550 iFunnel Q-TOF, the highest performing Q-TOF in the market and the 6420 Triple Quad, our entry level Triple Quad product.  Our Mass Spec platform continues to perform exceptionally well, as a result of the solid portfolio and positioning. All key product platforms, as well as services demonstrated double-digit revenue growth. The Chemical Analysis business saw revenue growth of 17% to $383 million, up 11% organically. Chemical Analysis continues to outpace the markets with particular strength in the United States, China and Southeast Asia. Operating margins continue to expand, up nearly 2 points from the previous quarter to 21%.  We saw continued growth in core end markets. Energy, chemical and food markets remain strong across geographies, while the environmental market is particularly strong in China. Services also saw double-digit revenue growth. Our gas-based business had excellent results, with orders and revenues for both GC and GC/MS up by double digits from a year ago. We introduced our new GC/MS Q-TOF at ASMS in Denver. This is the first newly developed Agilent instrument that incorporate Agilent pumps.  Overall, Agilent is in a strong financial position, as we navigate through a challenging global economy. Our third quarter earnings, combined with solid asset management, enabled us to generate $252 million of operating cash flow. We ended the quarter with net cash of $1 billion.  As we have noted previously, we'll continue to accumulate cash and have sufficient liquidity in this uncertain economic times. This enables us to be in the position to pursue value creating acquisitions. Despite ongoing challenges in the global economy, we are pleased with our results and our momentum. We continue to aggressively allocate resources on market opportunities, with particular emphasis on developing countries, wireless manufacturing, non-U.S. aerospace and defense, academic and research, energy and food. We look forward to a strong finish in fiscal 2011.  For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues in the range of $1.74 billion to $1.76 billion. Non-GAAP earnings are expected to be in the range of $0.79 to $0.81 per share.  Thank you for being on the call. Now I'll turn it over to Didier.
William Sullivan: So first, order, the sensitivity analysis that you referred to in the Analyst Day has not fundamentally changed. We had the most probable growth rate of 8%, with 1 sigma point ranging from 4% to 12%. Clearly, there's a lot of economic uncertainty. Overall, and again, you'll see this on our website, the overall market growth rate that we're seeing is clearly going to be down 1 point as it stands today, with all of the caveats, and anything can change tomorrow. What's interesting in this environment though is that we have some hot opportunities, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. The developing world continues to be quite robust. We continue to do very, very well. The cell phone manufacturing continues to kick in the high gear. And again, with 80% growth that Ron's organization demonstrated, our big numbers can help drive some growth. Likewise, the digital continues to be doing well. We continue to do well in pharma, even on the uncertainty. And of course on the chemical side, we're doing an outstanding job in the environmental area and food safety, and of course, petrochemical. So it's a mixed bag out there. Assuming that there is not a financial crisis or a lack of liquidity, if companies are able to reallocate their resources quickly, and that's exactly what each of the 3 group presidents are doing right now, there appears to be business out there, and customers are buying the best measurement solution if you can find those customers first.
William Sullivan: Yes. Again, I'll have Ron add some color commentary. As you know, we never really talk about share. I will let you guys sort it out, even though I'm always somewhat amused on some of the comments that are made. But nonetheless, I'll have Ron give you an overview on how well we did in the quarter.
William Sullivan: Yes. So first of all, a lot of it in EMG was we have a huge backlog, so it's actually encouraging, quite pleased that the orders are strong as they were on the Life Science side, and again, Nick can make a comment, or Ron, regarding EMG. We did see some funny order pattern at the end of the quarter during the debate in Washington regarding the budget. The order pattern in August has returned to normal. And back to August, it's starting off okay. Early, we tend to be back-end loaded on orders. But if you believe the computer projections, August looks okay. So hopefully, what we saw in the U.S. and on the LSG side was just related to the debate in Washington.
William Sullivan: In addition to that, we hope that Washington can come to the conclusion that repatriation of international cash back in the United States will be a good thing for the country. And as you know, a substantial part of our cash continues to be overseas.
William Sullivan: As we have said, we are in the process of not only moving the manufacturing in the lower cost countries and the announcements that we have made, but we are going to redesign every major platform inside of the old Varian product lines. The reason we do that is that we do not want to have those product lines pull down our growth rate. We believe with redesigned products that investment we're making, not only will we get the cost out, but we will also get the growth rate higher than what they have historically seen. And now that's really where you're going to get the big leverage over the next 2 years.
William Sullivan: We have a very aggressive policy in terms of working with our vendors and our suppliers to ensure the most competitive pricing. There's enormous amount of focus in the R&D community to design products that are targeted manufacturing goals. We continue to manage pricing through our sales organizations very, very strictly. Each of the 3 group presidents have complete control over the pricing. The pricing is very, very key, moving forward. And because we have such a strong manufacturing capability, it gives us a lot of latitude on what deals that we would like to take or not. And so first, the order, I think if you look at it from our perspective, if anything, our gross margin should continue to improve given all the efforts I described, and also coupled in the work they were doing with the old Varian product lines. And so what will happen is more of a mix change. For example, the manufacturing test for cell phones inherently has a little bit worse gross margins than standard R&D product, as an example. So the first order will be the mix across our businesses that would have any detrimental gross margin impact and we are absolutely committed to offset that with increased focus on lowering our manufacturing cost.
William Sullivan: When we make our Q4 earnings announcements, we will give our guidance for '12. We are forecasting right now that we will have a greater than 1 book-to-bill in Q4. And if that happens, we will have more momentum going into '12, and what you suggest. I know the signal-to-noise ratio is incredible high right now, but there is no hard data that there is going to be a substantive deterioration for the model that we had shared. And as I pointed out, we have -- a few of our industries are actually quite robust even in this uncertain economic times. As you know, in the capital equipment market, this could turn south instantaneously, but in the whole key, I believe will be -- well the order momentum in Q4 will be greater than 1, as planned. And if that's the case, then I think we'll be entering into '12 in a stronger position than the newspapers would suggest.
William Sullivan: Well the China growth at 47%, we are going to blow through our most optimistic forecast in China. And that’s really is a story. India continues to do well, Southeast Asia, of course, has always been strong for us. But the real story is our continued success in China.
William Sullivan: As you know, I noted in the past that some of the valuations were through the roof, and we would not make an acquisition that we couldn't bring value to our shareholders moving forward. Actually, under this environment right now, our opportunity has actually increased on opportunities that we think that we can create value for the company, so that's one of the reasons. We want to make sure we keep our powder dry so to speak, and be in a position to capitalize on these uncertain environments. So if anything, I think there are more opportunities today than even there was 3 months ago.
William Sullivan: Given our credit rating, again, Didier can comment, most likely, we would borrow the money to do it. Obviously, depending on the size of the deal, we could issue stock. We have no lack of stock in our treasury. But most likely, we would either pay cash or raise debt depending on where the location of the acquired company was.
William Sullivan: We'll I'm going to make a editorial comment, and let Ron give you that. There's no resurgence, we've never lost the market share. We've always been the major player, irregardless of some other rhetoric some people may say. We have always been a leader in the manufacturing test in the cell phone. And so, I'll let Ron share with you the details.
William Sullivan: Yes. And so again, just to have some background, we have one financial system for our company. Orders, revenue and backlog are sent on iPhones, BlackBerries daily to the top executives in the company. And we have a computer system that projects likely order outcome. So we have a very, very automated system to manage this company. So for Chemical Analysis and Electronic Measurement, the order pattern was normal. And as Nick referred to, the Life Science, we did see some issues at the end of the quarter. The rest of the company predicted pretty much as is, and we essentially had a 1:1 book-to-bill ratio. If you take the computer projections of the first 2 weeks of August, the growth momentum in orders is continuous as forecasted. Again, capital equipment, this can go south in a hurry, but starting off the month based on the orders that have come in the system, the computer, obviously, has historical database, and it calculates the probability of outcome, and we are right in our forecasted range.
William Sullivan: Again, I'll make a comment. The company has not taken any different positions than what we had shared with you in the Analyst Day in New York. I'll have Nick talk about what he's doing and what his view is to the outlook of the market.
William Sullivan: Our performance in China continues to be broad-based. We have a great team in China. We have, of course as you know, Hewlett-Packard was the first high-tech joint venture in China, which was essentially what Agilent was when Packard made that relationship. And we just have a very, very solid team. We have sales offices in every major city, great infrastructure, support, manufacturing, R&D and so again, I think we are very, very well positioned to be the #1 measurement solutions provider in China.
Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Bill, and hello, everyone. I'll start by providing some additional color on our third quarter results, and then comment on our outlook for Q4 and the fiscal year. As in prior calls, all of my comments will refer to non-GAAP figures. References to organic results are results without the impact of acquisitions within the past 12 months. Now starting with Q3 results. As Bill mentioned, we are pleased with Agilent's third quarter results, as both revenues and EPS were significantly higher than the top end of our guidance and the consensus estimate. Orders of $1.69 billion were up 13% from one year ago or 11% on an organic basis, including 4 percentage points related to currency. Organically, EMG orders grew 12%, LSG orders 11% and CAG 9%.  The regional distribution of the 7% organic order growth at constant currency is as follows: Americas grew 7%; Europe, 3%; Japan, 10%; and the rest of Asia Pacific, 9%. Revenues of $1.69 billion were up 21% from one year ago or 19% on an organic basis, including 5 percentage points related to currency.  Organically, EMG revenues grew 24%; LSG, 18%; and CAG, 11%.  The regional distribution of the 14% organic revenue growth at constant currency is as follows: Americas grew 17%; Europe was down 1%; Japan, up 20%; and the rest of Asia Pacific, up 23%. China revenue growth continues at a significant base, 47%, and China revenues represent 17.5% of Agilent worldwide revenue. Now moving to the income statement. While currency impacted each -- P&L line, it had minor bottom line impact, the result of our broad geographic diversification and systematic hedging. This quarter, we reached the milestone and exited 20% operating margin for the first time in our history, as we continue to adhere strictly to our operating model.  Operating margin of 22.2% was up 92 basis points from last quarter and up 220 basis points year-over-year.  Our strength in the very competitive wireless manufacturing market had a negative impact on our gross margin, but was more than offset by well-contained operating expenses. Also, as previously indicated, we are delivering significant operating expenses reduction as we complete the Varian integration, whereas cost of sales synergies will much realize mostly over the next 2 years. Non-GAAP net income of $276 million or $0.77 per share compares to $191 million and $0.54 per share one year ago, an increase of 43% year-over-year. Now turning to the cash flow and our net cash position. Total quarterly cash generated from operations was $252 million, an increase of $162 million compared to the same period last year.  During the quarter, we received $95 million from employee start programs and repurchased $192 million worth of shares, for a net share buyback of $97 million. Our net cash position at the end of July was $1 billion, an increase of $116 million from one quarter ago and $734 million higher than Q3 last year. Now turning to the guidance for the fiscal year and for Q4. Given our sound Q3 performance and reflecting Agilent's strong competitive position, we are raising our revenue and EPS guidance for the year. At midpoint, our revenue guidance is up $70 million and our EPS guidance is up $0.05. We now expect fiscal year '11 revenues of $6.64 billion to $6.66 billion, which at the midpoint of the range, represents 22% year-over-year revenue growth or 17% growth on an organic basis. This implies Q4 revenues of $1.74 billion to $1.76 billion. At the midpoint of the range, Q4 year-over-year revenue growth will be 11%. Consistent with our 30% to 40% year-over-year incremental operating margin commitment, we are also raising our EPS guidance to $2.90 to $2.92, based on 357 million diluted shares and no change in the tax rate. At the midpoint guidance, EPS will grow by 46% year-over-year. This corresponds to Q4 EPS projections of $0.79 to $0.81. The midpoint of our Q4 EPS guidance corresponds to year-over-year EPS growth of 23%. We are also raising our operating cash flow projections to $1.1 billion, up $50 million from previous guidance. Capital expenditures for the year are still projected to be approximately $200 million, hence, free cash flow is projected to be $900 million.  With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. I mean I will second that. I mean certainly at Agilent we are neither Mr. Sunshine nor Mr. Doom and Gloom. The odds for a softer recovery have increased in the -- slightly in the last few months. But at the end of the day, our baseline scenario is still that the economy will go through the same bumpy and slow recovery, we've identified like a few months ago, but with worldwide GDP growth in 2012 growing over 4% at purchasing and power pricing.
Didier Hirsch: And Tony, this is Didier. Regarding your last question, yes, we are seeing our cash go up, and pretty happy about it. It's unfolding as for our scenario. Hopefully, we will see in the next year or 2 more value creating opportunities in acquisitions that we have seen in the last 6, 9 months, and that will be a nice ways of utilizing our cash resources. Right now, we are very satisfied with having such significant cash cushion and more strategic asset for potential acquisition, if the opportunity arises.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. In the fourth quarter, first, everything is going to be organic. There will be probably some currency impact, perhaps 3 percentage points less than the -- based on the actual rates as of the end of July. And then in terms of the segments, the breakdown, at midpoint, it looks something like $850 million, $860 million for EMG at the segment level, plus, minus $10 million. And $410 million for CAG, at the segment level. And then $490 million for LSG at the segment level. And the other operating profit incrementals are in a way, I mean, you can compute them from the guidance that we have given you. But it is going to be higher than what we have seen in Q3, and very much towards the end of the high end of our guidance of 30% to 40%.
Didier Hirsch: No. No, the margin would be about -- the gross margin, I'm talking -- the operating margins again, do the math on the basis of our guidance we've provided, it's going to go up from the 20.2%, but in terms of gross margin, it's around the same level.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, it's more 2012, 2013. I mean the important thing is that all the action that we needed to take to generate those cost synergies have been taken in terms of manufacturing, rationalization, whether it's on the RPD, an earmark of product lines or spectroscopy or in services or in consumables. So all that has been triggered already. So now, we need to have the timeline. As we expected, I mean we had talked about reaching a 55% gross margin in Varian from the 45% over a period of 4 years, and we exactly -- this is unfolding as per the plan.
Didier Hirsch: Again, most of the cash is outside of the U.S., but on an ongoing basis, we generate about 15% to 20% of the cash we generate is in the U.S. So at the present time, most of it is outside the U.S., but we'll have ongoing sources of cash. And then I think I have mentioned in the Analyst Meeting, towards the end of calendar year '12 and also in 2013, we expect to be able to bring back more cash, tax effectively. But again, that's the end of 2012.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. I mean overall, I mean certainly China was as strong as it's been for some time. And then there was some lower than average, obviously, to get to that average of 9% on constant currency. The results in some of the countries, Southeast Asia, a little bit, Korea a little bit, Taiwan, little bit, China was extremely strong.
Didier Hirsch: Globally, for LS and CA, the core, year-over-year incremental excluding the Varian impact was a little bit under what we had shot for, with some various mix impact. And then as I have mentioned earlier, going forward, we expect the incrementals in Q4 to be more in line with our cyclical growth rate. I want to make sure that when the incremental can be pretty [indiscernible]. I mean it can be fairly volatile from one quarter to the next one. There could have been some adjustments from bookings in the previous year that could affect the year-over-year incrementals on a quarterly basis. I wouldn't look at incrementals on a quarterly basis. I would look at them over a little bit longer period of time. They could be a little bit volatile. Again for reasons that one year ago, there could have been some special instances where operating margins were higher than the average or whatever. So just a word of caution.
Didier Hirsch: I can. Bill and I -- I mean talked about that, the 47% that we talked about is fairly the same, yes. So really EMG is close to 50%, LSG is close to 40% and CAG is also close to 50 a little bit over percent. So very, very much similar growth throughout for the 3 segments on a year-over-year basis.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes. Mike, as Bill has mentioned, we had 80% growth in wireless manufacturing. So we continue to do a very good job of going ahead and winning business that is not only good for revenue, but is also good for the bottom line or strategic interest. As you can see, our gross margins went down slightly because of that, but we did a great job of turning in a 47% incremental, above our commitment of 40%. But outside of the wireless manufacturing market, I'll point out one other, our oscilloscope market. Our oscilloscope revenue growth, it was 60%, 6-0 percent growth this past quarter. And a matter of fact, for the past year, it has averaged 60%. And we saw a great growth from the high end of the product line right down on through the bottom. So we have some very competitive products in multiple segments, and that, along with our good operating policies and our operating expenses, produced the highest operating margin in the history of EMG for any quarter.
Ronald Nersesian: And in EMG, we've see the growth of backlog over a couple of hundred million dollars during this past year, and we've been working hard to bring that down. So we put some invested capital in to expand our capabilities. And we're very happy with our 0.98 book-to-bill. Matter of fact, we could have had a book-to-bill of 1, if we had 22% revenue growth. But as you know, we were very successful of delivering an extra couple of points of growth of revenue.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. We started a lot earlier on 4G than we did in 3G. We had an early R&D program, where we worked with some of the market makers to help develop the test standards, and we've actually even written books on LTE that have been used in the industry. And by starting early, we've been able to embed ourselves, and we've offered more products with LTE. We have over 15 different product types that served the LTE market one way or the other. So that's it. We've also been very selective to -- in where we invest to make sure that we invest in the areas that in general have higher margins, so we can deliver the operating profit incrementals that we've committed, the 40%, and that's why you continue to see us exceed those numbers quarter-after-quarter.
Ronald Nersesian: All right. I think the first thing is taking a look at how much of our business comes from Asia/Japan. And if you look in this last quarter, it was 44% of revenue and 48% of orders. So as you can see, we're very, very strong in Asia, and we have very strong market share. As a matter fact, stronger than in some other areas. In particular, China continues to be a very, very strong market for us and that grew 59% during the last quarter, and Japan grew 37%. So digital products in particular are very strong in Japan, as well as some wireless products, not only for their end markets, but as they sell into China, through China's expansion. So our investment for a long period of time in Asia is paying off.
Ronald Nersesian: It was in the handset -- in the handset manufacturing business, we have different products for different customers. It was a mix because we won a very big strategic deal out of a very, very prominent customer. And we still managed to obviously deliver 47% incremental, and win strategic accounts that will benefit Agilent for a very long period of time.
Ronald Nersesian: Very, very early. On the handset side, we're really starting to ramp up on the base station side. So base stations or the infrastructure roll out first. And we're starting to see that come up, as you'll see all the operators put in their systems or their base stations throughout the world. So the base stations are hot and heavy, handsets are a small fraction of the overall market. We just saw last quarter for the first time that 3G outpaced 2G for handsets on actual unit sales. And it's going to be a long time before 4G outpaces 3G.
Ronald Nersesian: Unfortunately, because of the arrangements and literally the agreements we have with our customers, we're not allowed to share the names of our top customers and what they purchased. I'll say is it's a competitive market. We've been in there. We've been managed to win a large portion of the business and deliver $200 million in operating profit to the bottom line.
Ronald Nersesian: We not only benefit from selling equipment into the actual manufacturing process for 2G and for 3G. But we also benefit whenever anyone does an upgrade from one generation of technology to another. So for instance, some people that were manufacturing 2G phones when they move to 3G, they buy software, very high gross margin. So one of the previous questions that came up with regard to gross margins, with our mix of shift from hardware to software, where we have more and more software is a big benefit. So we are seeing continued purchasing of hardware, and we're also seeing software upgrade business around the world. So we're right in the thick of it for smartphones, as well as standardized phones, which were not only made in China, that have been shipped off obviously to Thailand and other locations around the world. And you just see that continuing evolution in the market. But we're in it for 2G, for 3G and for 4G.
Ronald Nersesian: In total, the business was down 2%. So it was relatively flat within 2%. As Bill had mentioned, 35% of that business is overseas, and that helped counteract some of the U.S. issues. The good news is that last year that business was a little bit slow with all the continuing resolutions and the confusions. So it's set in a little bit of a lower level on a compare basis than some other times.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes, it's still early days. And obviously, there's the traditional WCDMA technologies in China, as well as their own stand, which is TD-SCDMA. And again we have solutions for both of those products, and as we see more and more TD-SCDMA or WCDMA technologies being adopted, we're in good position. I know everybody has a forecast on what we'll win, I'll let that to you, and we've basically covered both bases.
Nicolas Roelofs: This is Nick. I just have one other comment, which is Bill characterized the order side very clearly. I'm going to make one comment. We in LSG have been continuing to improve our operational capabilities. So we've built a lot of book-to-bill over the last several quarters. Our facility now in Penang is doing well for NMR facility in Singapore fully engaged from Aspack [ph]. And so you are seeing also some efficiency in catching up that backlog on top of that unusual couple of weeks of order pattern.
Nicolas Roelofs: Yes. Well, let's see. In terms of products, I think we have continued to launch new products every year. 1290 is over a year old now. So I don't think there was any if you will delay in orders in anticipating of products that was abnormal because it's already built in the annual baseline. And we are real pleased with those launches. What we really saw was a very U.S. centric nervousness around grant money and spend right at the end of our quarter. And as Bill said, pretty early right now for August, but we're not worried at the moment in terms of the way things look.
Nicolas Roelofs: Tony, I'll start with might. First of the questions, in regard to pharma, BioPharma, we are seeing that technology upgrade trend. It still seems to be relatively robust. Remember, we look at this on a global therapeutic basis, so we did see some first world change as people watch this economic situation, but nothing that I would attribute to a real rate change. And we feel a lot of power in that replacement and technology upgrade cycle coming. So we're pretty comfortable with where the Pharma/Biotech is on a global basis at the moment. Your second question was in regard to the academics. Yes, it was -- as I said, there was clearly a very U.S. primary question about what would happen, lots of speculation on granting cycles. But I think it's sort of natural nervousness. And right now, we're hoping to continue to see the momentum for August. There's not a lot of detail yet, and obviously, there's some question as to what we'll get cut. I would make one extra comment, which is remember that we are sitting on a secular, fairly strong trend globally in academic and government, with a cyclical stimulus trend writing on top of it. We were naturally coming to the end of that cyclical stimulus trend, and we, Agilent, have not been a heavy participant in that stimulus portion. So we, Agilent, have opportunity in market share. We're under-penetrated in academic government globally. And we're not too concerned about whatever inflection may be occurring on the stimulus cyclic because that was already built in or discounted in our view of the numbers.
Nicolas Roelofs: And Tycho, I'll kind of close out sort of with the same form factor. Europe, as you heard, we had double-digit growth, and even organically, we had pretty solid single-digit growth for the life science group in Europe. So now, from an overall macro, it seems to be reasonably strong. If you look under the covers, government academic spending is still pretty decent. There's been a lot of nervousness, but they've been pretty decent in what they're putting in. And we obviously have penetration opportunity, so pharma guys are also about where they were. They're pretty low growth, but about where they were for European pharma. Japan as a specific, I'll kind of echo what Mike said, I don't think we've seen even the beginning tip of all of their infrastructural rebuild that's coming from what needs to be put back in. So the Japanese have some stimulus money. They've recently made some announcements about potentially redeploying some of that, but we haven't really started to see the beginning of infrastructural rebuild for life science. So we think there's some real opportunity in Japan, both in the academic sector and in the pharma sector, and we had solid double digit there. So we're pretty comfortable with the next few quarters there.
Nicolas Roelofs: Isaac, just kind of reiterate what I said and condense my previous comments. First of all, the secular fundamentals in our perspective haven't changed. The cyclical stimulus fundamentals were known and are known now and also don't look much different. So the real question is the nervousness that appeared to be in the customer base in July. And as Bill told you, right now, with very little data, in August, it looks like that nervousness is being calmed a bit. We still have a lot of questions. Remember that the United States is a big economy when it comes to academic government spending and a big driver of pharmaceutical dollar profitability. And so there's a lot of nervousness as to what will happen with the special budget committee. But right now, looks like the immediate cliff was avoided, but worried about during the last couple of weeks of July.
Nicolas Roelofs: So I'm just going to echo a couple of Bill's comments, then add a little extra color. So first, I think Bill hit the highlight. Not only are we under-penetrated, but we've got value products in there. So whatever we do in academic government, which is the way we think about, we've got a lot of momentum. Second comment is just to give you a feel, a little over 3% of Agilent's academic government exposure is U.S.-based. So if you think about direct NIH, it's miniscule of the NIH campuses. If you think about total NIH through funded, it's still in the 1-ish percent range, because there's a lot of private research funding and other grant and legacy type funding that goes into academics through endowment. So 3% is the total Agilent U.S. academic and government exposure, where we think about it. So it's a very small piece. And last comment is NIH is moving a lot of money into sectors that were well positioned with the translational research. So even if their budgets go flat, it hit slightly, we're not very exposed. In a true draconian problem for them, we still have a limited exposure.
Michael McMullen: Sure, Bill. Maybe I'll start with Europe. As Bill described it, overall, I'd say a difficult economic environment as we all know. But there are pockets of opportunities that we have and we'll continue to exploit. I would really point to 2 things. One is our new portfolio in the area of spectroscopy. We have fairly significant market share opportunities that we're aggressively pursuing. But I'll also point to some of the numbers you saw are announced in around the services in the aftermarket. So very strong double-digit growth in the services in Europe, as well as continuing penetration in the aftermarket, the consumable side. So there are some real -- great opportunities were capitalized in the services side and aftermarket on the consumer side in Europe as well. And then pointing to Japan, I think the Chemical Analysis Group for FY '11 again is a services story, so really outstanding growth in our services area. And we actually think that FY '12, we're almost starting to see the real movement up in terms of the new instrumentation purchases as the country deals with some of its challenges, both in terms of new testing capability they want to deploy, plus, as you know, replacement of depleted instrumentation.
Michael McMullen: Okay. Didier -- I'm inaccurate here, but we had about almost a 2-point increase in what I call the operating margin percentage. Hopefully we're using the same language here, Richard, but that was 20.6% operating margin for the Chemical Analysis business.
Michael McMullen: And just before I bounce it over to Nick, just to build on to Didier's comment, I mean you don't want to dig too deep into one quarter, but we did see in CAG the actual gross margin start to move up in the quarter by almost 0.5 point. And as Bill mentioned earlier and Didier as well, we're doing a number of foundational steps to really continue to see improvement in there, including a major announcement in June of this year about a transfer of spectroscopy manufacturing activities to our hub in Penang.
