Jacob Thaysen: Yes. I think that's a really relevant question. And clearly, with some of the winners coming out now in China, I think we will see some consolidation. I think Agilent will be in a very good position in this space, both in China and in general as we have very strong relationship with many of the larger end winners in the generic space. So, when this happens, which is part of the normal pharma cycle, we are ready to support them and make them successful.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. I think that's correct. But we do see that the larger accounts are still very conservative in the procurement, while some smaller pharma actually is investing these days. So that's where we actually see some of the growth coming from also. And we are taking good share there.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. That's true, Mike. And we do see double-digit growth on the contract labs these days, but coming from a smaller base. And while -- so we have our very large market share in the government account. So clearly, when the catch up is happening, I actually believe we will see a very strong growth in this business again.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. And building on that, I think, first of all, we clearly have scale today. But what is very important here is that the strategy we started out some years ago, 4 years ago now, was not just to build scale in the cell analysis business, but build differentiated components that could build together into workflows that would really do differentiate -- really provide differentiating information for our customers. So not only have flow -- up against flow and some plate with [indiscernible] against paid, we will combine them together with a particularly important immuno-oncology space, and especially here in the CAR-T space. We've seen that already happening. So before actually the acquisition of BioTek, we used the Seahorse and the BioTek and collaborated between the two companies to provide a workflow that combine those two technologies together in the same software and the same micro type of plate, and we saw that, that actually grew the market opportunity significantly. So now combining the Seahorse, ACEA, the BioTek and Luxcel together, I think we have a really, really strong differentiated position, but it also allows us to add more workflows into that space going forward. But our main priority right now is to integrate and be successful with BioTek.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. And again, it speaks to the portfolio we build up here over the past years on really robust reliable instrumentation that allow us to really go into -- of course, opioid is a big crisis here in U.S. So we have actually quite a large growth in that area. We also seen soil and water. Here in U.S, which have actually driven a lot of business. And the same token, China has actually continued to have strong growth in both those areas, specifically the environmental, which is heavily regulated. So we are doing very well in regulated spaces, and this has driven also the momentum and forensic this quarter.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Certainly, I think we are -- despite some challenging market conditions, we're actually doing extremely well with the 88 series and in front of our -- on our own ramped volume. So I think that is working very well, and it's really the combination of what we call the smart instrument combined with our already proven -- well proven technology, GC technology. And that really resonates with our customers. The same can actually be said with our iQ, which of course, a little -- only was introduced a few weeks ago out at the ASMS and we start to ship here very soon. We have received the first orders. But what I can say there is that it has been very well received where we have been out introducing it and presenting it to customers. I think they very much like the ease-of-use intuitiveness of the detector itself. And also, all the self awareness that it have. So it really helps the customer to be successful, not only successful, but also allow them to be -- you have much more uptime in a laboratory. And this really addresses the QA QC labs, where it's all about being uptime and of course, get things with the laboratory. So it's been really well-received, but it's still early days for the iQ. So we have received orders, but we are shipping in this quarter here.
Robert McMahon: And Derik, I just meant to put a period of this one, which is whether the generic consolidations are happening in China or in other parts of the world, we think overall, the productivity message and real value we can deliver to this segment of market really, really resonates with them.
Robert McMahon: Sure, Ross. I'll make some initial comments here, then Sam, you can jump in and correct me if I'm off target here. But one of the messages that we were trying to convey in our earnings call, which is while the NASD growth was very strong in the quarter, that wasn't the only bright spot in DGG. It really was across the board whether it be in our pathology business, and we think we're putting up numbers that are growing faster than the market whether it be because of the increased acceptance for automation platform with the Omnis, the continued utilization and expansion of the PD-L1 assay on the genomics side. We saw good growth in our NGS related business, Sam. I think that was probably double-digit for us for the quarter...
Robert McMahon: And then lead for the NASD strength, which we think is here to stay. Looking into the fourth quarter, we're kind of thinking something like high-single digits, I think, for this business. And Sam, anything else you want to add there? Because the only message I want to get across was broad-based strength.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I think that's right, Mike. And Ross, thanks for the question. If you look at our Q4, I think we're trying to be prudent in our forecast certainly with continued strength in our ACG and DGG businesses. But yes, LSAG or the capital business is continuing to have slow growth and capital in the C&E areas, one of those markets that we're looking at. And certainly with PMIs, the way that they are and as you say, the uncertainty in the market certainly isn't helping. And so we think we've tried to take that into account for our fourth quarter.  The new products that Mike mentioned didn't have a material impact on the quarter. But the ones that we've launched, the gas chromatographs and so forth, continued to have very positive uptake. But it's -- the market is slower, kind of as -- and it's kind of playing out the way we expected at the very beginning of the year.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I think, Tycho, the way I would talk about it is, as I mentioned, the pharma business grew 13% in the quarter. And if you look at small molecule, it was mid-single digits. So there was probably some catch-up, but I wouldn't say it was material that, that mid single-digits is kind of where it has been historically over the last several quarters. So I think it -- what we have said and kind of the hypothesis has been that's primarily a replacement cycle. They can hold off for a number of quarters but they can't do that forever if they want to keep their manufacturing processes in place. And so we think we are in that. It wasn't a snapback. So there wasn't more in Q3 than what we saw. But I think it was now they're getting further in the fiscal year and they're actually spending that money.
Robert McMahon: Yes. As you know, it's a relatively -- it's the smallest piece of our business and it goes up and down. And so we're not going to call out any one particular order or orders across the business. But we feel good about our position there going forward. And we're expecting that to return to growth in the fourth quarter. I will also say, back on the pharma business, when we look at our ability, I think one of the things that speaks well to our value proposition with our customers is when you look year-over-year, our pricing actually has held up pretty well. Our pricing is roughly -- it's slightly above on the LSAG business. So I think that speaks to the value that we are able to bring from a productivity standpoint to customers.
Robert McMahon: Yes. And as we're thinking about Q4, we're expecting Q4 to be -- kind of play out the way Q2 and Q3 did in terms of roughly flat at that $40-ish million revenue run rate.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I think Puneet, I mean, nothing has changed. We had a very good quarter. We're expecting another very good quarter next year -- or next quarter, excuse me, largely in the back of our existing capacity. And the team has just done a fantastic job. As Mike said, we're on pace to delivering that $100 million consistent with what we said, really, since the beginning of the year. And we're excited about the new facility coming online. And as Mike mentioned, it's bringing on manufacturing capacity right now and look forward to '20 and beyond serving our customers
Robert McMahon: Yes. I wrote some of them down. So Doug, I'll try to tag team with Mike. As Mike said, we didn't see any pull forward or any dynamic that took orders out of Q4 into Q3. And as you said, our backlog actually did not deteriorate. But that being said, you're seeing it. We saw it today, right, in the market. There's a tremendous amount of uncertainty. The trade resolution is nowhere -- it's no closer now than it was when we had our call back in Q2. And so we're de-risking Q4 a little bit relative to where we were. It is a tough comp. And there is a little more uncertainty in the marketplace today than it was even 3 months ago, and we're trying to be prudent there. That being said, we raised the full year on the top line and certainly on the bottom line, and feel good about that.  To your question about NASD, we are expecting that growth to moderate. It had a very strong Q4 of last year. But when you look at the run rate, we still feel very good about the run rate. So it's less about level loading and manufacturing and it's more about just comparables there. And we are expecting continued performance in both ACG and DGG, not necessarily at the double-digit rate. That would be good, but that's not built into our guide. And as Mike said, we are expecting a flattish to slightly down in LSAG just given the strong 9% compare that we had in Q4 of last year.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Thanks, Patrick, and appreciate you acknowledging that. And we'll continue to evaluate the market. Obviously, our focus is first on growth, and we'll be closing the BioTek acquisition this quarter. And our M&A funnel continues to be strong, and we will be looking at that, but not afraid to go into the market if the price is right, so to speak. So I think the way that we are looking at that is first on M&A, and then looking to continue to deploy capital, where as I mentioned before, cash neutral right now with the acquisition of the BioTek, we'll probably be at net debt of roughly onetime. And so we still have plenty of capacity there.
Robert McMahon: Steve, just on NASD, it's going to be, as we've said earlier in the year, it's not going to be material to the overall numbers. So it's going to be low single millions.
Robert McMahon: Yes. So our -- maybe just to comment on the food, Dan, on the -- on Q4, as I said earlier, we're expecting it to be roughly that $40 million, which will be down year-on-year, pretty consistent with how we -- our results in Q2 and Q3. And the question is, over time, we do think that, that business will come back, not at the levels that had been in the past, just given the different dynamics. But the question is when and we're not ready to call that yet. On the pharma side, the business actually did better in Q3 than it did in Q2. And of roughly China is roughly 20% of the overall business and pharma is about 30% of that -- 20%. So it's about 6% overall. And it's roughly 50-50 in terms of consumables and instruments. So it's roughly 2% to 3% of our overall company. And in Q3, it grew. As Mike mentioned, really on the back of the winners of the 4+7 and just kind of clarity on what this pilot meant going forward. So that's probably as much detail as we're going to get into relative to this. And we'll have another quarter under our belt for Q4 and then be better prepared to talk about it as things unfold for the fiscal year next, in November.
Robert McMahon: No. Maybe I'd just leave it here. I mean, I think we feel very good about our portfolio. Obviously, we can't time the markets from the standpoint of market growth. But we think that we're able to gain share in any market, and I think this quarter proves that. Our portfolio is strong. We continued to invest in areas that are faster growing than the overall company, things like cell analysis and then also our biopharma businesses across all three business groups. So I think Mike mentioned it in the prepared remarks that the business is a lot different than it was five years ago. And I think we continue to invest in fast-growing areas, continuing to transform it and make it a much more resilient model. And I think we feel good about that certainly for not only Q4, but going forward.
Michael McMullen: Yes. Great question, Ross. It's something we've spent a lot of time here inside the company talking about. And kind of entering into this year, we had some concerns about the chemical energy market just in terms of -- there's macro noise even coming into our physical year. So I think we got it, like kind of low singles coming into the year. But as you may recall, in our first guide, after we raised the guidance, hey, this could be a source of upside.  Well, clearly, that is not happening. So we're still assuming kind of low single digits, but probably negative growth in instruments because even though the product cycles are really strong, I think we're well positioned to win when money's there. But we're still going to assume for the -- at least the rest of this fiscal year that there will be growth in chemical energy. But overall, that will be driven by the strength of our ACG business, and we expect the demand to be pretty, pretty muted, if you will, in the C&E. And Bob, maybe you can take a quick look at this -- deep look at this, and maybe have some quick comments.
Michael McMullen: I guess if there's one silver lining in terms of -- which is the, again, back to this productivity message and the fact that we now have a fleet of really great new products and there's a real productivity benefit to the customer, they're in a stronger position to go to their management and get support for their investment because it does really help their P&L.
Michael McMullen: Yes. Thanks for the build there because in my narrative, I talked about the business coming not only from existing customers, but new customers. And we've been very aggressive in that regards as well.
Michael McMullen: Bob, I'm not sure we have much more insight. And that business tends to be lumpy for us, right? And...
Michael McMullen: Hey, Bob, back on academia and government, maybe just to share a discussion we were having inside the company, which was we're not a little bit concerned about this because we still see the funding environment. It's actually being quite strong and stable. So it's just a timing issue. So we don't see anything happening materially different in the marketplace.
Michael McMullen: So Tycho, I'm going to resist the temptation to do an FY '20 guide. But I would say, directionally, it's going to be an increase.
Michael McMullen: Yes. Happy to do so. So we're fully built out. So we've been working this probably well over 1-year, 15 months. Because I think the first time I started talking about this was Q2 '18 call. So from a channel reach, channel perspective, we're there both in terms of our direct reach, but also through some of our digital enablement of customers. So we feel really good about our channel reach and relationships with the commercial accounts. And we're seeing it in the numbers. So we're seeing really -- it's really a tale of two cities. And Jacob, I'll have you jumping on this one as well in a second, because I know you've been digging into this, but sort of tale of two cities. We're getting good growth on the commercial. There's just no real new investment happening on the government lab side of things. So...
Michael McMullen: Yes. If there's any silver lining, it would be as Q3 was as we expected. So we weren't surprised by the number, albeit down.
Michael McMullen: Right. Which, looking at our -- I think we clocked a 16% growth overall in China Q4 last year. So I would say up against a tough compare.
Michael McMullen: Yes. So let me start this off, and then, Jacob, feel free to chime in as well. So we think now at $250 million, we have a business with scale. And I think that's really important to say. We think we really compete. And really, we are really bullish on this space. And I think our investments dreams started several years ago. So whilst we are still in the process of digesting what we've just recently acquired, and then we have to bring the Agilent -- into the Agilent family, the new BioTek team. So we think we have a lot of really good scale once we close with the BioTek acquisition. But that being said, I think we have further aspirations to continue to build-out in that space as well.
Michael McMullen: And Puneet, I'd just say, that with revenue synergies often theoretical, when you do an acquisition, we've actually have real proof points already with customers and markets that we can do this, and there's real value to customers.
Michael McMullen: Yes. Much like avoiding the temptation of talking about FY '20 guide, I'll also avoid the temptation to talk about specific details on a product line level. But what I can do is give you a directional number. So I think we've been talking about this business hitting probably $100 million or so this year. And then, as we look into FY '20, we've added at least that much in terms of capacity. So we hope to be up to a larger number in the -- by the end of next year at the sort of a run rate level, at a higher number. We're not ready to kind of commit to what the number actually is, but it's going to be a pretty -- a nice step up for us. And Bob, I know you've been doing some modeling in this area as well already.
Michael McMullen: And by the way, don't interpret my comments as being any less bullish in this space. We just know that as we bring on the new facility, you have to time when you actually can start the batches up, but a lot of that is being driven by customers timing when they're doing the clinical trials. So we're much more specific when we do our FY '20 guide because we'll have a much better handle on the timing when these new customers will be coming into our new facility. I can tell you we've sold a good percentage of that capacity already.
Michael McMullen: Catherine, thanks for asking that question. Not at all. So that's always been the risk of the heightened tensions between U.S. and China as it relates to trade. We have not at all seen that in our business.
Michael McMullen: Yes. So Doug, we've been waiting for these questions. So thanks for putting it out there. And I'll start off, and then have Bob share some of our guide velocity. So I really want to be really clear on this. We saw nothing unusual relative to pulling in from the fourth quarter. So our book-to-bill is solid. And so there's nothing unusual we have in terms of changing the seasonality business by pulling in from Q4 into Q3. When we look at our LSAG business, we actually expected a decline in Q4 off that tough compare. I think you're off 9% last year. And now there's two other parts. I only got two of the four parts.
Michael McMullen: Yes. So I'll take the congratulations on behalf of Mark, but then pass it on to Mark. But you're exactly right. I can remember the early days. We were getting questions about when was this going to stop? And we said why would it stop? Because there's a number of things doing and there's also an expanding market underway. And as Mark pointed out, the strength was broad based across consumer services.  I mean, we really think we're playing into -- and I tried to highlight this into my script, that really playing into some real changing customer needs. They really want something that's going to help drive their productivity and they are also looking for at times vendors to take on some of the work they've been doing inside. And then, on the consumables front, they really want these integrated workflows. But I can't do the strategy justice. So Mark, why don't you fill in the pieces that I've missed.
Michael McMullen: Yes. So if you don't mind, I'll make some summary comments, then Jacob, you can just fill in some of the details. But last number, that's our view on our new GC family launch was actually ahead of where we thought we'd be. And I think we're doing well on the iQ as well. But -- and maybe you can kind of fill in some details there.
Michael McMullen: Yes. So happy to, let me take the second part of that question first, which is when you think about the outlook for '20 again, well you know I'm going to stay way from percentage changes in growth rates. But I think we have a lot more confidence around where the generic side of that marketplace is going because we only have some proof points.  We've already seen, which is -- the thesis was in the second quarter, hey, we think this is going to lead to, ultimately, more business. But there was a pause in business. We actually saw that play out in the third quarter. And we think it will play out in the fourth quarter, where the winners are going to be buying the equipment. We think the same thing is going to happen in Q2 -- I mean, excuse me, FY '20. It will be more an FY '20 event in terms of what impacts the P&L because we know what the process, we know what's going to happen. We know the winners who we have deep relationships with are going to invest. So I think we have a level of confidence about where that market is going. I don't think the same thing can be said about the food market because that's why I used the word foreseeable future. What we do now is the commercial side of that segment will continue to grow. That will continue to grow. It's unclear right now what's going to be happening relative to China's desire to invest in the government labs. As you heard from Jacob earlier, right now, they're prioritizing, for example, investments in environmental, and that's why we're seeing strong environmental growth. And Bob, maybe it's worth just kind of parsing out. I was just thinking how our business is in -- I can't give a specific number relative to generics. But just in terms of size of our pharma business in China, and then roughly how much of it is in the non-biopharma side.
Mark Doak: Sure. I'll be glad to. And if you pull us back, it's several things contributing to it. Over time, mix has been a play in terms of our consumables business being from a margin perspective, north of the company average. But also, a lot of work we're doing is relative to some of the Agile Agilent programs, but specifically looking at delivery efficiencies and our services team. We've been able to add a lot more revenue without a lot of proportional cost to that. And that comes to really what we're seeing increasing as a big factor in our margin expansion is scale. And we're in that position now where we can invest. Mike had talked about some of our digital capabilities, both in the channel, but also in the back office areas. And it starts to fuel these efficiencies. We can reinvest some of those profits to build even more strength in the area. So it's really eating off itself as you will. And when you pull it all together, between portfolio mix, continued move towards scale, and driving efficiencies through these digital capabilities. So those probably the big drivers behind it.
Mark Doak: I was just going to say, if I could add to that too, in concert with Jacob, we've been working a lot on the environmental side in terms of the end market workflows and complementary consumables and services to go along with it. So that's clearly another driver of this end market for us.
Mark Doak: Thanks, Mike. And Patrick, I guess, maybe it's a little bit of the past, but also the future, and we're still very bullish about our potential to grow. But some of the drivers made really significant investments in the expansion of our portfolios. And from services, we've got breadth to now in more of our value-added services. And the enterprise capabilities that will not only have a rollout over the continuation this year and in the consumables business, it's an intentional drive to drive for more complete workflows for targeted end markets. And we called out biopharma in particular, a high-growth market, where we've really been focused around grabbing that. So portfolio is a big driver. We're really getting some great results from expanding our reach and our ability to wallet share growth inside of our current accounts to reach and lease subscriptions, still a lot of opportunity there. We still have a significant opportunity to improve our attachment rates to the Agilent instruments. But I always like to come back and remind everyone, we view our market not only as the Agilent installed base, but also the competitions. And that adds a significant size and scale to the market opportunity. And not only we can take market share from our competitions on a multi-vendor perspective, we are.  So to kind to sum it up. A lot of work that's been done over the past, build a lot of capabilities from the standpoint of portfolio, digital, working on some fundamental basics around what we can do in the attachment rate from the sales channel and our big market opportunity out there. So hope that gives you a sense of where we've been, a little bit of where we're going too.
