Ankur Dhingra: Thank you Julianne. Welcome everyone to Agilent's conference call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent's President and CEO and Bob McMahon, Agilent's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in the Q&A after Bob's comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of Agilent's Life Science and Applied Markets Group and Sam Raha, President of Agilent's Diagnostics and Genomics Group. Due to certain personal engagements, Mark Doak, President of the Agilent's CrossLab Group, is unavailable to join us today. You can find the press release, investor presentation and information to supplement today's discussion on our website at investor.agilent.com. Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find the most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless otherwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year. Revenue growth will be referred to on either reported or core basis. Core revenue growth excludes the impact of currency and the acquisitions and divestitures completed within the past 12 months. Guidance is based on exchange rates as of January 31. We will also make forward-looking statements about the financial performance of the company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. The company assumes no obligation to update them. Please look at the company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and other factors. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Mike.
Ankur Dhingra: Thanks Bob. For Q&A, I would like to request to limit to one question and maybe one quick follow-up. Julianne, if you can please provide instructions for Q&A.
Ankur Dhingra: All right. Thanks everyone. With that, we would like to wrap up the call for today. Have a great rest of your day.
Mike McMullen: Sure, Tycho. I think I will handle both questions. And Bob, correct me if I go off script here. But I think we still think that the mid single digit number is doable for the year in China. What we are seeing already on ground from our team, I was just on the phone today with our team in China, we are still able to transact and orders are actually coming in as forecast. I think that we think a lot of the procurement is going to occur a little bit later in the year. We think a lot of it's recoverable with the exception of probably some aspects of our service business where customers really are looking for service people to arrive on the sites. I think we feel pretty good about how we are thinking about China throughout the rest of the year, albeit it being a very fluid situation. And you know, we really haven't seen any kind of transitory or connected impact on C&E. In fact, C&E actually did better than we were thinking in the first quarter. It's too early to call it a trend but some of the PMIs are actually inching up which would maybe give an indication of perhaps a better outlook and some initial noise in some of our major accounts about thinking on procurement. But we still remain cautious in terms of the outlook for C&E but I am f encouraged by the Q1 results. And again, we are not really seeing significant movements around in that area on a global basis. And we think back to the first comment on China, we weren't expecting a lot in C&E this year in China anyway. So I think we are in pretty solid shape relative to the outlook there as well.
Mike McMullen: Yes. And then within the pharma numbers, Tycho, the biopharma segment really was strong for us again this quarter as well. And then we think as the 4+7 initiative rolls out in the latter part of this year, then we will see the growth in the small molecule side of that space. And then, we have really strong growth in NASD and the ACG business is strong in pharma. So we are feeling pretty good about pharma.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Sure, Ryan. Thanks for that question. So as I touched briefly on my call script, we actually have resumed production and are in a really solid position now to not only ship the product to our customers in China, but also products that are manufactured in China to have them exported into the global market environment. And as we have a very diversified global footprint in terms of supply chain and manufacturing capabilities, we think the near term, we are in pretty solid shape relative to ability to meet our commitments from a he shipment perspective. And then you also may recall that starting with the initiation of the U.S. based tariffs, we actually had initiated a movement of a lot of our supply chain out of China. So it actually has mitigated our risk here as well.
Mike McMullen: Yes. And Bob, I think I will just make this one more point too, while we look at the second half outlook for the business, it's not all about China recovery. The other elements of the business, including NASD, which we know we are going to have a strong second half.
Mike McMullen: I think it was really -- this is Mike, Jack and Sam feel free to jump in on this. We had 12% growth last year, so tough compares. We had solid growth across all elements of that business. And outside of again may be a China impact for an element of the business, things are firing on all cylinders also across the businesses is how I recall.
Mike McMullen: Hi Dan, I just can't help but to jump in on this one. And I think that question should be posed to our competitors because we saw particularly as we finished the calendar year, we saw some very aggressive pricing by some of our competitors, particularly in the liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry platforms. And I don't know if you are adding to that, Jacob.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Maybe just to be crystal clear here. We saw roughly a 70 basis point impact in Q1. We had product that was getting ready. It was staged and getting ready to ship.
Mike McMullen: And on the last couple of days of January and with the extension of the formal holiday, there was no one there to pick that up. So we know that was clearly an impact in Q1. In terms of Q2, what we are expecting between the first half of our year, it's roughly 1.5 to three week impact as we are ramping up. And most of that's happening in Q2. We are expecting in Q2 that the Coronavirus has roughly a one to three point impact to our growth in Q2, roughly $15 million to $40 million. In the first half, it's $25 million to $50 million. And we will expect to get that back in the second half of our fiscal year.
Mike McMullen: No. I don't anticipate a major shift. We have largely got a instrument heavy business in China relative to the rest of the business anyway. But our opportunity really lies in the consumables and service over time. So I don't see a dramatic change in Q2 or in the back half of the year.
Mike McMullen: Hi Dan. I think that's a reasonable expectation. So when I was asked earlier about the pharma, we remain confident about our ability to grow in pharma. You know, part of it's going to be the pickup and continued growth that we are going to have in our NASD business. We also know that we are getting to some of the easier compares relative to the LSAG instrument business, because as you may all recall that's in the Q2 is when we starting seeing the slowdown as China went through this whole looking at their procurement practices around the generics. So we think there is a lot of good reason to be positive about the ability to have a higher growth rate in the outer quarters than we did in Q1 in our pharma business.
Mike McMullen: So I think, Sam, you are getting our bags packed, maybe at least now your team is getting their bags packed to head to that. You are staying home. That's right. Okay. Maybe just a few comments on this.
Mike McMullen: And Bob, I think we are also looking to see maybe more favorable mix in our instrument business as we move forward. And I made some comments about the pricing pressure that we saw more of a calendar year end kind of phenomenon with pricing more stabilizing as we started the 2020.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Jacob, I will just add one thing. Early on in my tenure, we had a similar kind of slowdown in the C&E. The difference here is that, at that time, a lot of our platforms were rather aged. This time, we have a completely refreshed platform. So it also is a great productivity message there to customers. And our lab managers also have the ability to go to their management and say, listen, there is something new out there. I am not buying this, I am replacing like-for-like.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So you will see both the settlement come in, Brandon, as well as the costs associated with that, I guess, in our Q2 results.
Mike McMullen: Yes. It's a great question. So as I mentioned in my call script, we have been doing these things because we thought it was the right thing to do and now people are really paying attention to it. So I think it helps on multiple aspects of the business. So first of all, relative to our new products which have a very favorable environmental impact, there is real compelling reason for customers because a lot of our most important customers have their own sustainability initiatives and they are very interested. I have several European customers I am visiting next month and they want to hear about our sustainability plans. So when you talk to them about how we are reducing the footprint, the electrical consumption, that some of our products don't even use gases and that we have eliminated the use of gases and gas chromatography in the case the NPIs and we are reducing the size of the packaging. And by the way, that also comes with the benefit to Agilent's P&L. So it really helps in terms of our customer relationships and our ability to drive sales into those accounts. And also it is really quite helpful for recruiting of new employees into the company. New employees when they are looking at potentially joining the company really want to know what Agilent stands for when we talk to them about our culture and what we do as a company in the local community, what we do for the environment, our views on diversity and inclusion. I think it really is a powerful message to attract new employees to Agilent, but also for those who are part of the Agilent team to really be proud of the company they work for and be energized about where the company is going forward. I think we have talked before, I am a big fan of sports and if you build a great team, you get great things happen in the marketplace or on the field. And I think that really is really one of the major benefits you get here which is what it does for your team. So it really is a multitude of impact for the customers, I mean for the company and something we really believe in.
Mike McMullen: Well, I have to say I have heard some rumblings of stimulus, but I haven't seen anything around the specifics of what a stimulus would be. I don't know Bob or whether you have anything to add.
Mike McMullen: And also, I would also expect environmental as well. So that would be my guess, because these are major quality of life initiatives that the Chinese government has been behind. So my guess is that's where they would put the stimulus. But again, we don't have any specifics. That would just be pure speculation on my part at this point in time.
Mike McMullen: And Steve, if I could just amplify one of the points that Sam made. It was absolutely crucial that those first batches we produce for customers met their expectations. And as you know, we are very cautious in terms of how we started positioning the ramp here because we just had to get it right and we have gotten it right for those first few customers. I think that really positions us well when we look at the outlook for the rest of the year.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Steve, so I am in the conference room zooming out right now and great question. And I think that that's how we thought about the full year guide, which I will leave it to you to prescribe the first adjective. I mean there were proper adjectives, but we started this year with a guide that we thought was relatively the floor of what we could do and talked about areas of potential upside for the business. And we were actually tracking well in the first quarter where it would have been a beat, both on the revenue and EPS side of the quarter, albeit the impact of the much talked about today the impact of the Coronavirus. So that's why we felt pretty confident about our ability to say, listen, there are still a lot of puts and takes relative to China in the near term, but there are other aspects of the business are doing extremely well outside of China, whether it be NASD or ACG business. The compares and the strength of our LASG instrument portfolio, that's gone on NGS. So we have a lot and then back to cell analysis. So we have a lot of confidence and whether we call it a middle of fairway right now, but we feel pretty good about --
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think the statement I made in last quarterly call remains which is, we think that deploying our capital towards growth and earnings drivers on the M&A front makes a lot of sense for our shareholders in deals that makes sense for us, in markets that we know where we can really leverage the scale of the company. And we did our largest deal, BioTek, the past quarter. And as you heard earlier, that's off to a really good start. I think we often get the question, well, how large you are willing to go? And the way, Bob and I have described it is, listen, we could go maybe multiples of that. But we are looking to stay in our lane here and not do anything that's magnitude larger than a BioTek. So I am not saying that BioTek is the max level. But probably multiples of that as opposed to something that's of a magnitude size.
Bob McMahon: Yes. That's exactly right, Mike. There's two elements there. One is the shifting of the Lunar New Year from Q2 into Q1 as well as the extension of the Lunar New Year Holiday. So those are the two primary pieces.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Ryan, this is Bob. Just to follow-up, we have twice weekly calls with our team in China, inclusive of logistics as well as our supply chain. And obviously, it's quite dynamic but as it currently stands today, we feel like we have the ability to be able to procure not only raw materials but also produce the finished goods and ship not only within China but also get product into China and vice versa.
Bob McMahon: Yes. So on food, as I mentioned, we certainly are pleased with the progress we have had several quarters of kind of very predictable performance there. And actually Q1, despite the Coronavirus, it probably had more impact on the pharma side then in food. It grew 1% on a global basis. It was down slightly in China, but certainly not to the level that it had been in the past. So we feel good about that. It's probably too early to call that it's going to return to growth. Long term, we do believe it will return to growth, but not ready to call that in this fiscal year. In terms of the timing of the Coronavirus, that $10 million, that was quite a large incremental because we had all the costs. So that was probably a higher than normal kind of incremental drop to the bottomline. And that was probably a little over $0.01 of impact on the full quarter.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I would just add, Jack. You know, as we have talked about, this will ramp up and be a more material impact in the second half of the year. It's progressing as we expected it. It had a slight impact to the DGG and a slight impact to the overall Agilent organic core growth and we are very pleased with the progress.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hi. Dan. Welcome back and appreciate the question. It was really a combination of a very tough compare. I would say probably the area that was a little softer was the instrumentation business. They had the most difficult compare in the first quarter and we would expect that to improve in Q2 through Q4 as we get to easier compares.
Bob McMahon: Yes. So Puneet, good afternoon. As Mike said, we were pleased with the outlook of being 2% and that's kind of what we are forecasting in Q2 and the rest of the year. And so certainly the is doing a really great job of being able to deliver in a tough environment. But it kind of hit where we expected and that's kind of what we are expecting for the rest of the year as well.
Bob McMahon: Puneet, let me take, there is a lot into that question. So let me try to hit them. In terms of recovery, we would expect that obviously, the instrumentation portion would recover and within that probably pharma first. And so we would expect that to be prioritized over some of the other markets. In terms of ACG, we continue to be pleased by the broad-based strength there. Actually even in China, despite kind of the reduced selling days, it grew 11%. We do expect probably a slower ramp up there, less on the consumable side as the factories are getting back to production, but more on the services side, as you can imagine having our folks getting into labs right now is fairly difficult and there is a portion of that would be on demand for servicing equipment. And so we would see that probably ramp up a little slower in Q2 but then ramp back up to normal, latter half of Q2 and into Q3 and Q4. At least, that's our current assumption. As Mike mentioned, we have been in close contact with our teams in China and have been watching the order flow. And the order flow to-date is, across both ACG and LSAG as well as our DGG business which is a smaller piece, tracking to our expectations.
Bob McMahon: Yes. So just quickly, our spending forecast in 2020 is the same as 2019. So we are not expecting any ramp up.
Bob McMahon: Yes. We talked about at the beginning of the year, our guide was contemplating roughly a flattish gross margin across the company and that hasn't changed. So we have always said that the first half of the year, with Q1 being the hardest of comparison because of the startup costs in NASD and you can see that kind of in our numbers. We also were affected a little less, as we mentioned before, in LSAG. We would expect that to recover as we get through the course of the year. So at a high level, Derek, I would expect our gross margins still to be within that range, roughly flat year-over-year. And where we are getting our operating leverage is really in the OpEx expense line.
Bob McMahon: So you have get very good math and we are not expecting a step down. The only thing that's in the numbers and that could be an area of potential opportunity.
Bob McMahon: Sure. Yes. Let me make sure I answer your question correctly. What I would say is, Q1 came in slightly better than what we expected on the ramp. So we feel very good about that trajectory. Obviously, you know the second half of the year is going to be significantly greater than the first half of the year as we ramp up that business. And I would say that the order book, we feel very good about.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I would say, Steve, one thing. Obviously 90 days ago, we didn't have the epidemic that we are seeing right now which is unprecedented. And so what we are trying to do is we are seeing, hey, in the first half of the year, we are expecting a $25 million to $50 million impact that we are going to make up in the second half of the year. Now the question is, how fast. And we hope for everyone's sake that that will ramp up fast and we will get this behind us. But that's certainly puts a lot more variability in our forecast. We feel good about where our forecast is. But we certainly didn't anticipate that at the beginning of the year.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And Bill, as you can appreciate, timing there is always very difficult to understand and we are going to remain disciplined. And if there isn't anything out there that would meet our financial criteria, we are not going to do it. We don't need to do M&A to make our model work. But certainly, you see in the first quarter the benefit that we have seen with BioTek and really building scale in cell analysis, which we think has a long term growth opportunity for us, not only in LSAG but across the business.
Bob McMahon: Yes. The beauty of ACG has been it's predictability across the business and we are not expecting any dramatic change in the back half of the year with the possible exception of slightly an elevated ramp in China. But that business that Mark and team have built has been just phenomenal in terms of providing stable high growth and profitable growth over the course of the last several years. And I think that that, quite honestly, is a great legacy to what Mark has been able to accomplish. And not only that, it really speaks to what our customers are looking for in terms of productivity in the labs and so forth. So we would expect that to continue to kind of chug along as we have talked about in the past.
Sam Raha: No. Mike, you hit the nail the head. The business is performing as we have expected. We continue to see interest in all the customers, the pharma customers that we have given tours to. We are doing work now there for a number of customers. Not to be boring, nothing new to report. It is progressing as per plan.
Sam Raha: Yes. That's right, Mike. We continue to have good growth, you know, with market, above market with our overall NGS portfolio. So we feel good about that. And the low double digits, our pathology business, as you heard on Mike's opening comments and Bob's as well, we believe we will continue to gain share there growing in the mid single digits. And you just heard about NASD. So you look at the major parts of DGG, we had I think a really well-balanced good quarter.
Sam Raha: Yes. Overall, thanks for the question, Dan, if you would have heard my comments already from JPMorgan, we are making progress on a number of fronts related to the development work we are doing on the Lasergen sequencer, particularly as it comes to the technical specs on our read length, on our quality and so forth. So we are continuing to make that progress. When you think about AGBT, of course, it's not just about sequencers, it's about the overall NGS workflow, it's about really looking at beyond NGS, the overall genomics. So we are excited about Magnis, which we introduced not too long ago. We are seeing, sorry to remind you, Magnis is this really walkaway automation for taking DNA libraries or actually putting DNA in and being able to come back and just load that directly onto your NGS sequencer. We have seen some really good interest in that in Europe, in America and in China. So we are going to continue sharing the message there and sharing some data from a number of customers. We also, as you would have heard us talk about, we have launched a new SureSelect XT HS2 DNA reagent kit which allows us to look at even lower starting amounts, down to 10 nanograms of DNA for FFPE which is very important for cancer. It also allows on Illumina sequencers. It's very important to be able to use molecular barcodes. We have that going on as well. And then we have a number of partnerships that we are working on with a number of customers and collaborators. So stay tuned. I think it's going to be an exciting AGBT.
Sam Raha: Yes. And maybe Steve, to build on what Bob said. We have said that there is a ramp rate that we have been planning all along. That's what we are seeing. So as you really get into Q4, we will be much more in the run rate, if you will, of what to expect going into financial year 2021 in terms of the Frederick site in particular. So it's ramping as planned. It is being utilized. We were happy to produce good product and good revenue from that in this quarter again after starting last quarter. And further to what Bob said, a lot of these programs and projects are long lead, both working with our customers to really lay the groundwork and do the work. So though I can't tell you exactly what percentage, I do feel good about the percentage of programs and projects that we are already lining up going into next year.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. And I think the continued depressed PMI certainly impacts C&E business, chemical and energy business. So we continue to see that in U.S. being performing at least flat and we would like to see improvement. But I think it's going to still take some time for that to happen.
Jacob Thaysen: No. I think it's fair to say that we continue to be premium priced but there is certainly some competition in the market space right now. And yes, so there is a price pressure.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Again, I just want to underscore once again that we have been very pleased with the performance of BioTek while it's been here in Agilent. But not only BioTek, the whole cell analysis business is doing very well and are we posting double digit growth for the whole business. So we are very pleased with that and we actually believe it is going to continue for quite a long time. We see cell analysis is going to be a key driver for understanding the immune system and immune oncology. And with now the Seahorse, ACEA and BioTek and Luxcel combined, we have a very unique value proposition. And that that is really what excites us and what also is very exciting for customs is that when we combine those technologies, these techniques together, we can create more insight for the researchers and the biopharma customers that nobody else in the industry can do. So this is very exciting and we are just getting started.
Jacob Thaysen: No. Overall, I do think that there is some pushed out pent-up demand here. And eventually, there will be a tech refresh. And we have invested over the past period quite a lot into our instrument portfolio and really refreshed across the whole portfolio. So when that pent-up demand is coming forward, we are ready. But we just can't call it right now exactly when that's going to happen.
