Mike McMullen: Yes, thanks, Bob. Before we take your questions, I want to close by saying that I couldn’t be more proud of our Agilent team. The idea that difficult situations provide the opportunity for organizations and individuals to step up and exhibit strength, leadership and resiliency has never been more true at Agilent. The Agilent team has been tested during this crisis like no other time and they have not shied away from it. Instead, we have answered the call with world class execution, an even stronger focus on customer service and an inspired creativity that is second to none. I am absolutely convinced we will emerge from this pandemic as an even stronger force in the marketplace. And, with that, I will turn things over to Ankur so we can take your questions. Thank you.
Mike McMullen: Sure. Yes, Bob, I'll take that one. So I think for C&E for Q3, basically, we assume than it kind of looks like Q2 and with the potential that the investments that we're starting to see inclinations of a regional approach to this pandemic is really cause many parts of world to rethink their supply chain. So we're seeing early indications of moving of on shoring ensuring certain types of critical chemical components in certain geographies. So that could represent some upside I think. But basically, we're assuming kind of current situation continues into Q3.
Mike McMullen: Okay. Sorry, I was going to add to that. I think when we talk about chemical and energy, it's important to keep in mind that about 70% of that segment is actually chemicals, including material testing.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Well, actually you reference your conference a lot changed after the conference where we saw a number of new announcements indicating there were some changes in terms of how certain competitors in the space were thinking about access to the platform. So that caused us to rethink our current investments and we had an opportunity to really move our program forward without needing to invest directly in a sequencer platform of our own. And Bob, I'll let you comment on the financial side of that.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think from an Agilent perspective, our overall thesis of building and buying still stays intact where we'd like to deploy capital in M&A, that makes sense for the company. And we've talked about our criteria around end markets that we know, where companies that we've acquired and have higher levels of growth in the overall company average accretive. So that formula remains relatively unchanged. But we have noticed as some of these moves as well. So I think that speaks to a continued robust interest in the M&A pipeline across the industry. I'd also tell you the valuations haven't moved much. So this is not a buyer's market and you can buy things on the cheap, so you really have to be think through what you're looking at and does it make sense for the company? Anything else you'd add to that, Bob? Steve, do you have a follow-up or…
Mike McMullen: Yes. That’s a great question. And what we also try to think through, what’s really behind the lower oil price. And I think this time, you’ve got two things going on, right, which was oversupply and then really driven by, obviously, the COVID-19 and the slower growth in the economy and demand for those services. But I’m really glad to get a chance to comment on the mix of our business because that segment is pretty subdued right now. But over the years, we’ve continued to have more and more of our business move into the chemical side of that. So roughly about 70% of our business in C&E is in the chemical side and really saw much different dynamics in April, actually, almost all through all Q2, where the energy segment was pretty subdued where limited investment there, mainly business was carried forward through our ACG business, but really not a lot of demand on instruments, different kind of scenario on the chemical side.
Mike McMullen: In my prepared remarks, we basically said we expect this segment to be subdued for the foreseeable future. So it’s really just tied to events that I’m just not smart enough to figure out myself, which is when does global growth start to get solidified and when does it start to turn. I think what we wanted to point out, there actually are some little glimmers of positive aspects of C&E business, particularly the COVID-19 has exposed the fragility of the world’s supply chain. And we’re seeing many customers and many governments, they want certain critical components made in their country and made in their region. So we are seeing indications across multiple industries of onshoring initiatives actually starting, which would speak to some longer-term growth prospects in this space. But don’t get too excited. This – I would just say, let’s assume that it’s going to stay subdued for a while as we’re thinking about it right now. Hence, the reason why we went through the guidance in Q2, because some of these are just too difficult to predict the timing of transition.
Mike McMullen: We are not capacity constrained. And now, we continue to build out the new facility in Frederick as well as optimizing our Boulder facility. And while I can’t share specific names, I can tell you that there are programs underway that aren’t in the revenue yet right now that are related to COVID-19 work.
Mike McMullen: Yes. It’s tracking well to the number that we talked about at the – or what people have estimated, ramping up to $150 million kind of run rate. It’s tracking well to that.
Mike McMullen: Yes. No, it was about $30 million a year. That was what was kind of forecasted this year. We’ve spent basically half of that. So the second half of the year, that’ll be a combination of reinvesting where appropriate and also managing the dynamic situation that we’re in, in terms of COVID-19. Hey, Bob, I think we had the full cost of the program in our Q2 results, in our next quarter results.
Mike McMullen: And there’s some real talent in that team, and there’s some really great intellectual property that we think we can really deploy in other programs. So we’re looking to go forward that combo approach, as Bob mentioned.
Mike McMullen: And without waiting in too deeply on the political dimension of things today, what I can tell you is we’re actively scenario planning. We – under potential scenarios around changes in trade policies and supply chain. So we don’t want to be caught in the reactive mode that we were when tariffs were first announced a few years ago. So our teams are really working through a number of different strategies right now.
Mike McMullen: Yes, a couple of things right now. So first of all, although we don’t provide kits directly ourselves, we provide a lot of the components and ingredients, antibodies and other enzymes, that go into testing kits. So we’ve – I’ve personally involved in a number of calls where customers and governments are looking for us to assure to supply to them. So I think we’ve got a good feel for the demand that we’re seeing out there. Relative to our own employees, right now, we’re not requiring employees to be tested for – return in the office. Just a reminder, about 85% of the employees now are, for Agilent, are working from home, and we’re going to be very, very careful on phasing in the return to office. So we’re thinking this through. Once more routine testing does become available, that’s probably something we would look at pretty closely. But we’re in no hurry right now because our teams are working from home right now. Relative – it’s funny. We keep asking that question of our – particularly our service teams, and that has not come up yet. So we’re continuing to monitor. But right now, we’re not seeing requests from our customers to have any type of testing done prior to our employees coming onto the site. Clearly, we have to follow that our safety protocols, and we offered our team with the right PPE and the right training. But on the testing side, we’ve not yet seen that.
Mike McMullen: Dan, thanks for the follow-up question. I do trust the trend in China. So I hope that didn’t come through that way in my remarks. So actually…
Mike McMullen: No, no. That was sort of the worst-case scenario that Bob was trying to put together this framework, said, well, we could be wrong. And if it’s wrong, we – this is what the implications would be. We don’t think we’re wrong. But if in case we were wrong, this is – you see that far end of the framework that Bob described. But in fact, Q2 China growth was better than we had expected, and we believe it’s going to continue to return to higher levels of growth throughout the quarter. And I hope a few of you noticed that the China food also grew in Q2.
Mike McMullen: And I think Bob, it’s – maybe this is worth mentioning that we don’t go in a lot of details on the order front, our order forecast have been tracking well for both April and through this point in time through May. So, yes.
Mike McMullen: You can draw a parallel, where things are opening up. You see the consumables recovering. It’s recovering much faster than the instrumentation. And that’s really – that’s why we keep using word uncertainty, because we can’t project exactly how certain facilities will open up. But we know when they opened up in China, we’ve gotten the business. We know as they’ve been opening up in Europe, we’re getting the business. And then when they’ve slowly been opened up in the U.S. but getting the business, with the exception being universities, which aren’t opening up right now, unless you’re doing COVID-19 research.
Mike McMullen: Yes, Doug. Thanks for the observations there, because there is a big footprint of the business in academia, but the overall business did grow. And I think I’d like to give the opportunity to Jacob to crow a little about what’s going on there.
Mike McMullen: Sam, I think the answer is no, but I’m going to – you haven’t had a chance to talk today. So why don’t you confirm or deny this room or around.
Mike McMullen: Yes, I’ll make some initial comments, and I’ll invite Sam to join in here as well. So I guess, first of all, important just to remind the audience we actually do have a cancer diagnosis business with day from an NGS perspective. So we provide a lot of components and sample prep and other instrumentation into these workflows today. We’re overall very – we continue to be very, very bullish about the cancer diagnostics market for NGS-based – cancer-based diagnostics. And we think there’s a path forward for incremental growth on top of what we’re doing that doesn’t require a – or having our own sequencer, because of some change in the external marketplace. And Sam, maybe you have some building comments on that.
Mike McMullen: So that demand has not peaked, and it comes not only with instrumentation, but an ongoing supply of consumables associated with an instrumentation.
Mike McMullen: No, significant disruption, but it’s relatively flattish I think for the quarter, that’s about 70% of our pharma business, about 30% it was growing quite strongly in biopharma, small molecule is relatively flattish on the instrumentation side.
Mike McMullen: Yes, Bob I could just jump in there. I mean, the fact that we were able to increase margins in the quarter in the midst of a pandemic, we’re really quite pleased with that. And we didn’t take shortcuts here. So we – there was no COVID-19 layoffs within Agilent. And we’ve got a team that is not worried about their future employment. They are all worried about winning the marketplace and taking care of our customers.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think actually, hospital access for – and patients willingness to go to the hospital, medical care outside of COVID-19 has put a damper on the U.S. business in pathology. So that’s one of the areas of “uncertainty” we’re looking at is when will those – when will patients start to return to hospital to get those procedures done. We saw that resume, I believe Bob in Europe. But we’ve not yet seen it in the pathology U.S. business and that puts somewhat of a – that’s put a drag on our Q2 results. We were quite pleased to post a 5% core growth in that business, despite this drag in the U.S., which we think eventually is going to come back. But again, this is when.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Thank you, Tycho. And this is Bob, I'll take the question. I'll actually take the second question first around NASD. The NASD growth is on the ramp that we had talked about previously. It actually had nothing to do with COVID-19 testing or research. It's mostly the activities that have continued in our pipeline of products and clinical testing that has happened. And we're very pleased with the progress there. So that has nothing to do with the COVID-19 testing. On the first question that you had, again, this isn't guidance it's kind of a range of scenarios that we're planning. And we hope that the bottom end of that or the minus 15% would be very conservative. If you look at, we are expecting May to be very similar to April, which would hopefully be the bottom and then improvement in June and July. And but if there are relapses, if China does relapse, or there is a slowdown in that growth that would be the bottom end of the range. So it's a wider range than we would normally have. But there's obviously very much a lot of uncertainty around the forecast.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Tyco, if you look – if we took our chemical and energy end market and looked at the first two months versus April, they were roughly the same. So we said it was down 10% in the quarter. It didn't have a material change in April. One of the businesses that did was academia and government. So academia and government with the lab closures and so forth was worse in April than it was in other markets. But chemical and energy was pretty steady throughout the quarter now albeit down.
Bob McMahon: And Steve, let me add just one other thing. In the case, obviously ACG grew 1%, it would have been stronger – several points stronger. We did have some deferrals because we couldn't install the equipment and we recognize a portion of the price for the service, the training and installation and so forth. And so that is revenue that is on the balance sheet today and it will come back to us in the course of Q3 and Q4.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And I would say, Patrick, just on that, obviously, the more subdued piece is the instrumentation…
Bob McMahon: Yes. I’ll – hey Derik, this is Bob. Yes. I’ll take the first one, and I’ll leave the second one to Mike. I think on the pharmaceutical one, we’re actually watching that very closely. It’s different than the chemical side because I think the chemical side will probably move a little faster than this. Obviously, there’s regulations, but you are seeing discussions about that even as recently as earlier this week about the U.S. providing a contract here in the U.S. for some APIs and so forth. So we actually think – we’re watching that closely, and we think that, that could be an opportunity for us as those new labs or capacity come out, because our offering here is, I think, second to none, and so more to come there. It’s probably not as fast-moving, but we certainly is on our radar screen.
Bob McMahon: Yes, we haven’t seen any continue – again, these are one point out of the month, right, but – or one point out of a year. But May is trending the way April trended in total. And so we’re not seeing anything that is dramatically off pace.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I would say, generally speaking, our consumables business has started to pick up. And I’ll just leave it at that.
Bob McMahon: Hey, Puneet, this is Bob. Just to add on to what Sam said, because there’s been a lot of news about clinical trials being put on hold and so forth. We haven’t seen any of that in our demand for NASD.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey, Puneet. This is Bob. I’ll tell you it’s in the LSAG bucket. And that was the majority of the instrument of the COVID-19 testing that Mike talked about one-point tailwind in Q2 and growing. So…
Bob McMahon: It wouldn’t – Vijay, you wouldn’t, that would be kind of the – towards the lower end, right? So what we’re saying is, if things kind of backtracked, we didn’t get any better in the U.S. and Europe and we didn’t really have – there was a sort of a backtrack in China. So again, we’re saying we don’t expect that. We hope that that’s very conservative. But things are just now opening up in U.S. and Europe. But if you do the math that you’re saying, you don’t get there, you get a lot better. You get towards the minus 5%.
Bob McMahon: Yes. We haven’t heard any specifics on that. So that clearly would be a boost to our view of market demand the latter part of this year, but that’s not at all in our calculus right now when we talk about a recovering China marketplace for us.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I would say, I mean, we’ve been – we were very pleased with our ability to kind of manage the kind of the cost structure here. If you looked at it kind of on a sequential basis, there was about a $35 million kind of reduction, about a third of that quite honestly was travel related. As we put the brakes on and I would expect that to be probably even more significant in Q3. Obviously variable and then discretionary spend and then we do have some element of our variable comps that reduces with performance. But what I would say is, Q3 is going to be more challenging because we are protecting those growth investments. But we are very pleased with our ability to kind of manage our costs.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I’ll take it Dan. What I would say is, in the quarter we were very pleased with the performance. All three business groups grew with DGG, albeit, the smallest one growing the fastest followed by ACG and LSAG was up a modest percentage, which is a great testament to the team there. Across the groups all, but I think Academia and government grew to varying levels. And food as we talked about was up in China and it helped drive the global food being up. So again, very good recovery there. And we’ve been very pleased with our performance in China.
Bob McMahon: Yes. From a generic perspective, pharma was up it’s really driven by the biopharma business. But our small molecule was not significantly impacted. As Mike said, our small molecule business was roughly flat globally and it was not that far off in China as well. Again, we’ve got the view that now COVID-19 kind of throws some variables in here, but we’ve continued to have the view that this ultimately is a good thing long-term for the industry and ultimately for us because we continue to see the customers who win are disproportionally our customers. And nothing really changed in Q2 from that standpoint.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And Dan, that’s one of the variables that we were taking to account with the framework that we were talking about. If in fact, the large labs continue to focus on COVID-19 testing or there’s not any resumption of non-COVID-19 medical procedures, then that will impact our pathology business because right now, biopsies aren’t being done. Cancer screening is being deferred. And then if you have cancer, then you go for a biopsy and so forth. We’re hoping that that will resume throughout the course of this quarter. But it’s still very early days. Ultimately we see that as bad for the healthcare of the world, quite honestly. And so we hope not just as manufacturers, but as brothers and sisters and mothers and fathers that happens. But that’s one of the things that is still in front of us.
Steve Beuchaw: Thanks for your time here. I wanted to ask, first of all, on the strategic activity in this space. One thing that we've seen across tools and devices is this upwelling of interest in capital raise in part with a view that there is an opportunity for accelerated capital deployment, given potential for opportunity here. You guys have a uniquely strong balance sheet comparatively, certainly plenty of liquidity. I wonder if you could speak to how you think about capital deployment and the intensity of capital deployment in the next year. And then I have two follow-ups. Thanks.
Steve Beuchaw: Yes. Sorry. I thought Bob might chime in there. But I have two follow-ups. One is, I wonder if you could speak to activity on a month-to-month basis and the extent to which you think there might've been any sort of April snapback. You commented on it specifically in China, but any snapback activity in other parts of the world and the extent to which people might be trying to ramp quickly and how that might reflect, not just in China, but on – growth as a trend line prospectively for non-China regions. And then one just quick one, I am curious how you guys are thinking about planning for growth in CrossLab given that CrossLab historically been a very strong grower and some component of the CrossLab growth story has been penetration into new categories, is that penetration story still active in the current environment. Thanks so much.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. In Q2, this particular quarter was not a good indicator. Much appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Derik de Bruin: Hello, good afternoon. Hi. Couple of questions, just a couple of cleanups. The NASD base now in 2Q, what’s that – where are we in terms of revenues? That was up 35%. I’m just curious on the base.
Derik de Bruin: Great. And what are you going to do with the – are you reinvesting the Lasergen money into the business? Or is that going to drop through? Are you going to – and can you remind us on what you were spending on that I think it was around $50-ish million.
Derik de Bruin: While Agilent doesn’t do – you don’t supply testing products for COVID-19. I mean, obviously, how are you thinking about testing and deploying testing for your employees? And I’m sort of curious about, are your customers demanding that you get tested or people come in? Because there’s some very large numbers being thrown around in terms of the size of the testing market. And so I’m just curious in terms of what you’re thinking.
