Mike McMullen: Yes, there was a lot to unpack there Vijay. I'll take the congratulations Vijay and I'll pass the [indiscernible] to Bob. No. Yes, we're extremely pleased with the results that we've seen in the pharma business really across all three of our end business groups. I think it shows the investments in the great execution by the team that has been paying off over the last several years and I think what you're seeing is not only a market recovery for sure, but I think the relevance of our portfolio across all three of our business groups in that business, and certainly we are benefiting from the investments to expand capacity and new therapeutics across various end markets. But I also think the number of new products that we have launched in this space are really seeing a nice uptake. And on NASD to your point, I mean, we saw nice growth in NASD was in the high 30s and we are still on track for that $200 million that you talked about. And feel very good about that business going forward.
Mike McMullen: Hey Bob, maybe if I can start with some comments? So, I think if there has been a positive on COVID, I think it's actually stimulating to some increased levels of investments in some of these end markets. So, we think that that some of these growth rates we've seen from the markets perspective are sustainable for a while. And we mentioned earlier, our story is a core business story. We've been very pleased that our team has been able to participate and have a role here to play in the fight against COVID-19, but our story really is all about what we're doing in terms of driving the core business.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Tycho thanks for the question and good afternoon. I'll make a few comments here and I'll pass it over to Sam. So, my comments are going to be, we're very excited about having Resolution Bioscience team as part of Agilent. And Sam, I think we were even becoming even more excited now that we've had even a deeper look about what's been going on with the company and I think you've just come back from a visit from with the team. So you've had a chance of our – because maybe perhaps your first face to face business trip in well over a year, but with that lead in, why don't I pass over to you and answer Tycho's question.
Mike McMullen: Yes, sure. You're close study on the numbers, I can see it Tycho, so thanks for two good questions. So, while we're super pleased with the overall growth rate of food, it's been a story here for a number of quarters. We don't expect it to be a 20% growth rate in 2022 and years beyond, but we are expecting continued strength throughout this year, probably not at that same level. And Bob, I think it's really a – clinically China is part of that story, but in fact, when we look across the globe, it's been a – we also saw strength in other geographies as well. And I don't have exact...
Mike McMullen: Geographic split, but it was a broad-based kind of story, with China leading the way, being the key part but not the only part of the story.
Mike McMullen: Bob I just want to add one thing. Additional thought in the Americas, historically that's been a lower growth rate for us in food. But with the inclusion of the cannabis testing market we're getting a bit of a bump there as well.
Mike McMullen: Dan. Hey, thanks for the question. Not yet. We've talked about it with you in prior quarters and we still think it's a area of interest of our customers in terms of future investment, but nothing material yet. This is the core kind of reinvestment happening in the chemical and materials side of C&E and as you heard in our prepared remarks, the order book actually was stronger than the revenue book. So, pointing to a recovery of this segment which, you know in passive and fairly cautious about in terms of calling it, but the trends are positive now.
Mike McMullen: Yeah, I'm not sure I accept the premise that do you need to have huge operating losses to have the business depend on the type of play you're trying to make here. And Bob and Sam you guys, keep me honest here as well, but pharma services business model we have where we can leverage a lot of investments that we've already made around our IHC base CDx business, we're not in the same position increment there perhaps maybe start up some of it brand new entering the space. So, we have something to build from. So, I think our expense structure may look perhaps look different than others in this space. We do plan to invest aggressively on the R&D side as well, building out additional commercial relationships. But we think our plan has been to absorb within the overall operating model.  So, there wasn't any asterisk when we put our long-term goals out and said well without Res Bio, so I think we believe that we can manage within our overall operating model and I think given where we're starting from, which is we're not starting from zero in this business. We have something to build from our acquisition, a number of years ago from Darko. I think that puts us in a different perhaps a different place. Anything else add to that...
Mike McMullen: It's maybe there are competitive response. But I'm going to pass over to Jacob, because we're in the conference room here and I'm looking at him on the screen and he is finally loved to be able to answer your question. Derik. So, I'm going to pass it over to you, Jacob.
Mike McMullen: And Derik, if I could just add on to that, I think it's fair to say Jacob, we're seeing both market expansion but also some acceleration of replacement market as well, particularly in pharma molecule.
Mike McMullen: So Bob and I haven't actually compared notes on this. I'll start with a few comments. And then I think we'll probably end been in the line. That said, potential U.S. tax reformer side, our model has been to be able to deliver double-digit EPS growth and I'm not seeing a need to deviate from that in 2022.
Mike McMullen: Sure, Matt, I think Bob kind of give a view on the overall size of the business and maybe pass it to you Jacob for some more insight on the customer side.
Mike McMullen: I think right now we're taking it quarter-by-quarter, Bob. But I think overall we see this trending being more upside than downside.
Mike McMullen: Brandon, I just would echo what Bob mentioned earlier, our office team that is on a spectacular job, so in our remarks you heard we talked about some strong orders, order growth higher in China and C&E, but that was not at all tied to any supply chain constraints. So, we've been able to get product. We've been able to ship product and listen, it's not easy, but the teams find a way to make it happen. So, I think Bob is relatively material at all to the quarter and we think it's manageable moving forward as well.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. And I'm glad you remember my earlier comments, because I always said once the orders here in my book I'll start to talk a little bit differently about it and that's why you're getting more positive tone. I would say that we're still in the early phases of the transition. We feel really good about where things are on the chemical materials side of C&E. I would say we're starting to see quoting and some initial order activity on the refining side still relatively light compared to the Materials and Chemicals segments. As you know, the larger part of that business for us, but yes we are – I am much more positive. I think it's probably the first time in a long time that we've had this kind of view on the trends we're seeing in the C&E space. And yes, we had in prior quarters seamless PMIs, but I wanted to see in the order book and I started to see it this quarter.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So I think our view on M&A remains the same. We see that as a key part of our – we've been terming our build and buy growth strategy. We've signaled that we would be willing to do deals in the multiples of BioTek, which to date is our largest deal. And that's still an area of interest for us. We like to, kind of a growth accretive deals that you're seeing. We're bringing in great new teams like Res Bio team, like the BioTek, ACEA, so we are maintaining our focus on higher growth segments. We like the areas we're going, we've been gone after. We like cell analysis, we like the genomics look at biopsy space, I think Informatics others. We have a number of areas that we were continuing to look for growth opportunities. Again, we don't have to do deals to make our model work. But if we can find great new teams and great businesses to bring into the company we're quite willing to do that. You just have to remain disciplined in terms of valuation expectations. There's a lot of frothiness in certain segments of the market, but we're going to stay where we've been successful in the private space, where company founders often looked at and say listen, this will be a great home for my company my team. We like how you guys run your company, we like your culture, we like to just for in terms of growing the business for the long-term. So, we're going to stick to our model. It’s been working for us Bob and I think we can adjust the question...
Mike McMullen: Yes, I think to answer your question, I think when the pandemic hit, it really slowed down any kind of replacement cycle. Particularly I would say in the C&E side of our business. And as we just commented, we're seeing positive indications that that actually is now turning to different direction. So, I'd say it's been even in the C&E space that are tied to chromatography spectroscopy platforms.
Mike McMullen: If you think about our – the combination of our LSAG and ACG businesses where we come in the analytical lab, as Jacob mentioned earlier and I haven't had a chance to have [indiscernible] jump into the call yet, but you know they’ve been working very well together for multiple years. And you're seeing it by bringing innovative solutions to the market that have a differentiated value proposition from the competition. A superior service experience and I think it's – we continue to build out our commercial reach as well. So, I think it's been the combination of portfolio and the workflow focus within that portfolio, building the service capability and then building out further commercial reach. I think it's been a combination of all those factors helping us to do really well in our LSAG and ACG groups, and then obviously we talked earlier about the play in cell analysis, which is a new addition to the company in biopharma, and then our NASD play in Sam's business. I think it's been a combination of all those factors. So, that's why we keep using the word broad-based growth because you see it in all parts of the businesses. So, we feel really good about the results from the size we were working on for a while.
Bob McMahon: And my perspective, I think we're capturing share in a faster growing market. So, I think there is a combination of both above expectations on market growth, but we're also getting more than our fair share of that market.
Bob McMahon: Yes, absolutely, Tycho to Mike's point I think we see this kind of reverting back over time, but certainly what we're seeing is increased investment and increased testing here really around the globe. And China was actually slightly lower than the overall core business, you saw a strong recovery both in Americas and Europe and the Rest of Asia. And I think we're seeing some halo effect of COVID testing kind of a surveillance testing in various aspects of China or of food testing. And so, I think we feel very good about the business there. And then I think on your question...
Bob McMahon: Yes, thanks. Thanks Mike. And I think what you're seeing in the ACG business Tycho, is a combination of two things. One is some reinvestment, we continue to double down in areas like the digital investments to continue to increase our capabilities there and then you did see some increased activity, and so as we actually see this is a good thing. Our sales and field service engineers are traveling to more customers. And so, we're seeing some increases there associated with just increased activity, which we saw on the on-demand side, but it also comes with some incremental cost. But long-term, we feel very good about our ACG business and continued ability to scale that business going forward.
Bob McMahon: No, I think you are reading the numbers very well, Doug. And what I would say is, certainly, we feel very good about Q3 and that's where we have most of our visibility. We still are in a pandemic, but we feel good about the recovery and our – I think still a little prudent in terms of our forecast going forward. We want to see how the continued rollout of the vaccines are around the world and I think there isn't anything that in the near term that we see is going to stop us from our momentum.
Bob McMahon: Yes, the short answer on that, let me take the question around investment. The biggest investment that we have going forward is really the addition of the Resolution Bioscience business and continuing to invest behind the capabilities there both from an R&D and development perspective, as well as the channel. And so that that does have an outsized investment relative to the second half versus the first half where we didn't really have that in here, but we are continuing to invest in demand driving activities. Some of those things like we just talked about an ACG around the digital aspects, but also building capabilities to continue the momentum going forward, whether it'd be marketing programs and other activities within our R&D pipeline. And I think the last question that you had is, if we do have upside, will it drive the same kind of level of incrementals? And I would say the answer is yes.
Bob McMahon: Yeah, I was going to say, Matt, we're extremely pleased with the performance really across all three of the major business groups within cell analysis really driving strong growth. And we are well on our way to continue to drive accelerated growth in those areas. And I would say the margin profile of that business is above the Agilent average. And so, I'll let Jacob actually talk about some of the areas where we continue to invest in new products such as the Cytation C10, but also some of the areas around customer acquisition and what we're doing in the marketplace.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Matt, just one other thing to add to what Jacob is saying. I mean this is an area that if you look at over the last several years, we continue to invest both organically and inorganically. And I would say, given our success in the strength in that marketplace and the strength of our portfolio, those are areas where we continue to look to invest further.
Bob McMahon: That's a great question, Puneet, and what I would say is, first of all, just a shout out to our OFS team, our supply chain organization, who've just done a fantastic job of being able to manage the increased demands on a increasingly fragile supply chain or logistics, I would say. And so they've just done a fantastic job of supporting our customers. And as you say, we are starting to see inflationary pressures in these areas, but I would say, you know our contracts are more long-term in nature and the teams have been able to drive with the volume, as well as continued discussions, good cost controls there at least in the near term. And on pricing, our pricing hasn't changed. We felt that we had modest price built into our plan. That's what we've seen through this first half of the year and that's what we're assuming in the second half of the year. It depends on what group, but overall, we hadn't built any expectation of significant price increase or decreases into our business.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I was going to say, Brandon to your point of that [14%] LSAG or the instrument business is slightly higher than that and LSAG was slightly lower than that, but both double-digit growth. And as we think about where we are going forward in terms of the guide for the third quarter and it kind of going forward, our assumption for Q3 is somewhat similar to Q2 in terms of continued recovery of a weak base. It was down 10% again last Q3 and then we started seeing recovery. And so I think about it – we're thinking about it in roughly the same kind of terms in Q3 that we saw in Q2.
Bob McMahon: And I would say, Patrick to build on what Mike is saying, we still have – we're taking it as he said, kind of, one quarter at a time. We've built in some of that into Q3 and I would still say there is a bias to the upside in Q4.
Bob McMahon: Just quickly, we're not going to give a specific target around that other than to say that our intent is to maintain an investment grade and we ended the quarter at, kind of 1 times net leverage and that gives us plenty of flexibility to continue to invest in deals growth accretive deals as Mike just talked about.
Sam Raha: Yes. Thanks Mike. Thanks for the question, Tycho. Yes, it was very exciting to finally get out and see real human beings again and very exciting to see the enthusiasm of the team there. And first-hand what is now part of our company. And Tycho the specific answer is, both parts are important. The primary business today that we have in Resolution Bio is related to pharma services, very much akin to what we do in our traditional CDx business here at Agilent, it's working with pharma to better understand biomarkers and then to develop companion diagnostics, which will [ultimately block] the market. There is some testing that's done in the CLIA lab as you mentioned, there is a relationship with LabCorp, and that is something that we expect over time to ramp, both because of the testing for LabCorp and also testing that will result from actual companion diagnostics that are approved as part of the former work that we're doing, but both are important, but the substantial part of our revenue today in this year, and even in the coming 18 months, 24 months will continue to be some pharma services revenue.
Sam Raha: Yes, that's one where we are – if we think about the opportunities, we're very, very pleased with kind of the progression of that business recovery throughout the course of the year. If you recall last year, we actually grew in that business and then saw a strong fall off when the pandemic really hit and we're expecting accelerated growth in Q3, but this is an area where we're watching to say, is there going to be sustained – how fast is that sustained recovery going. But all signs right now are very positive from the standpoint of the recovery, not only in our business, but if you look at just the overall testing environment continues to be very positive on non-COVID testing.  So, I think people are getting back into the doctors' for wellness tests, certainly diagnostic tests like cancer diagnostics and so forth, and I think we're seeing the benefit of that going forward. And then couple that with the addition of the Res Bio business and I think we've got a very compelling portfolio of opportunities to provide to our customers going forward.
Sam Raha: Quick response for you. Our primary focus remains therapy selection and that's where the programs that we have contracted and the continued significant interest we're seeing both from our existing pharma partners on the Agilent side, as well as the Resolution clientele that are coming into our pipeline as well. Now the fundamental technology is, we do believe the minimal to more applications including minimum residual disease and monitoring, but once again our primary focus remains therapy selection. Now, in terms of the model, I think you asked about that. It is what we can do before, which is we believe as Agilent, we've got a capability set, which we've used for PDL1 where we work, specifically with pharma partners to work on companion diagnostics meaning to develop register and then commercialize those companion diagnostics as they come to market and are approved, tied to a specific indication specific drugs. So that is our model and ultimately our vision is to have IVD kitted NGS solutions that are near to patients that are distributable, but of course as you heard even earlier we've got a CLIA lab and there's diagnostic testing that will happen along the way, and that's a little bit different than the PDL1 model that we have today, because that's the nature of NGS based diagnostic testing, but our interest and long-term focus remains an IVD kitted diagnostic test. Jacob, over to you.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Thanks Mike. And, Derik this is great question. So thanks for that. First of all the – what the growth you're seeing both in our LC and LC/MS space is certainly not a coincidence, it is something we have invested in for quite some years. If you really think about our mass spec portfolio, we have really invested and innovated around the lines of robust reliable on the team and we really see our customers especially on our single and triple quads have really taken off here in the last period of time. I think even before in the food space, where we see a lot of upgrades into triple quads, but clearly in the pharma and biopharma space, we have doubled and tripled down on that, really, we can see that there's great opportunities there. So, when you move from small molecule things, the last molecule, we are also seeing that the customer base is changing and the customers or the users of the mass spec is changing and hence, they are looking for a different experience and we have invested quite a lot into our software platforms. First of all, to live up to the expectation from a regulatory perspective, but also from a usability. So that's a big part of our success in what we see and I truly believe there is a lot more to come in that area. If you look at the LC, investing into bio is a part of the game. We have had out at bio LC high end high LC for quite a while now and it is doing very well. We can compete about against everyone in this space and you will see us come out – continuously come out with new products in that space. So, we feel very good where we are, and we'll continue to invest to continue to keep tech market standards very important market for us.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, thanks. It's another great question. And as you can hear we are super excited about the cell analysis business, particularly I'll focus on live cell analysis by immuno-oncology and immunology as a whole. And as Bob has also mentioned, we have made some quite some good investments into that space, particularly in also the imaging space where we have recently come out with the Cytation C10. I think Bob also talked about that, which is a new confocal microscope and what it really does is that it allows we have build it and build it out this way that you can get a relatively good entry level microscope that will compete based on the market and then you can upgrade it and use all the other automation platform and configurations that we already have established in BioTek. So, it is a really mixed unmatched stat that our customers are really delighted about. And our customer base, of course, we enjoy a very strong installed base from the BioTek acquisition, which we are now leveraging also for [our Seahorse]. But we also see a much stronger push into the biopharma space where some of our businesses have been very exposed to the academia government and we had a very clear focus areas to move in that, and that works very well. So, we are very excited where we are but I would say that the main growth comes from the biopharma space, but clearly now with the academia government coming back that of course also across the growth.
Jacob Thaysen: Yeah. Thank you and let me just start by saying that Informatics and Open Lab is key to our strategy. So, though we like to talk about our instrument, it's always connected – most of the time connected within a very strong position in Informatics, and we continue to invest in Open Lab, in fact, we believe that is the lab, where we connect all our instruments into an ecosystem in a cloud setup where you can also track your samples and in the end also connect into an e-commerce set up is going to be the future, and with Agilent's broad portfolio we can very quickly, we can very well do this. So, I'm very excited about that and we continue to invest, in fact we have over the last few months decided to further invest into these areas to further accelerate our presence here.
