Bob McMahon: Yes. And hey, Vijay, this is Bob. Just to kind of dimensionalize that impact when we talk about disproportionate, roughly 80 to 85% of the impact due to the COVID lockdowns was instrument -- LSAG-related.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And to build on that point, Vijay, a couple of thoughts. I mean, we've watched the order backlog very closely. We haven't seen any cancellations associated with this. And as we're ramping up the factory in Shanghai, we also have dual manufacturing capabilities, and we continue to ramp up the factory here in the United States to be able to also provide GC and GC/MS. So, we are expecting, as Mike said, a very modest recovery of that $50 million to $55 million in Q3, the majority of it being in Q4 and then spilling over a little into November and December, but given the backlog and the fact that we haven't seen any of those orders cancelled, we feel like we definitely will get the product back. And if we go back to what happened in the initial phases of COVID, China dropped down pretty substantially and then came back fairly quickly, so.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Just one other thing. I think on the -- just a couple of things. Energy was down. That is one area that was disproportionately impacted in China as well. So, we also had that impact. So, it wasn't -- it was a temporary phenomenon there. And then you can speak to -- it was -- China was also impacting the chemicals and advanced materials, and they still grew. So, that kind of speaks to the strength of those markets. And these are areas -- I mean it's our second-largest market. We have a leadership presence in these areas. And I would say it's just starting. When you think about the amount of capacity that's needed just for lithium-ion batteries as an example, we're only at a fraction of the capacity that needs to be there. So, these are probably $100 million-plus markets today that are having a long runway, if you just look at the cars and the opportunities here to continue to develop those. And that's just on the battery side. If you look at that, this is a very significant opportunity for us going forward, and we are definitely the leader.
Bob McMahon: Yes. It's a really good question. And we continue to be pleased by the ability for our value proposition to be recognized in the marketplace and actually having higher price than what we had initially had at the beginning of the year. If you recall, we had talked about roughly a 1-point year-on-year price realization. Q1, we were ahead of that. In Q2, we actually accelerated beyond that. And I would say most of the pricing that we're realizing today were for actions that we took most in the fall of last year and just starting to see some of the actions that we took in January of this year just given the strength of our backlog. So, it was above that. I would say in our new guide that we actually feel more optimistic about being able to be higher than that 1%. It was higher than that, certainly in Q2, which we needed because we -- our costs have been higher as well in terms of being able to have higher logistics costs given the price of oil and the cost of shipping. But we feel very good about our ability to continue to manage that across our entire portfolio.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Our biopharma continues to -- first of all, Brandon, continues to be a greater proportion of the overall pharma market. So we're not only disproportionately growing in pharma, but the fastest-growing market continues to be bigger and bigger. It grew 27%. If you took out NASD, that number was still 19%. So, it still says that we have very strong growth there, and we grew backlog. And so, I feel very good about our offerings across both the instrumentation but then also across the entire portfolio of products and solutions that we have.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think we certainly benefited from an extremely strong performance there. And Sam and team have continued to drive productivity in the business there. We did benefit from mix, but it -- I wouldn't necessarily put that number in for Q3 and Q4 because if you recall, one of the things that we are starting to do in the second half of the year is ramp up the start-up costs for Train B in our NASD facility and so forth. So -- and that hits our gross margin. But obviously, that has a great payoff in '23 with that $150 million-plus capacity. So, I would say the team had a benefit of mix. They're working on that productivity and activities. But I would say in the second half of the year, we probably will see some pressure because of some of that start-up costs.
Bob McMahon: Yes. To give you perspective, I mean, our Americas business in pharma grew twice as fast as the overall pharma business. And we do -- we will have some comps in NASD that we won't be continuing to post a great -- the strong performance there -- as strong a performance, I should say, because we're ramping up against the capacity, which is what Train B is going to help us provide. But we're still seeing that very strong performance, particularly in the instrumentation that you were just asking about. That has been a standout.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think, Puneet, just to build on what Mike was talking about, if you go back to our first quarter results, we had January in our first quarter, and that was just coming off of Omicron -- the wave of Omicron. And we were talking about seeing increased activity starting in February as -- late in January, early February as kids were going back to school. We saw that continue throughout the course of our second quarter and really across the board. So, I think, it's pretty broad-based, particularly in our cell analysis business was one of the -- probably the strongest in that area and saw a really nice recovery after that first wave of Omicron there. And I think it continues to speak to kind of the value proposition that we have in cell analysis.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think from the standpoint of order growth, from a budget perspective, it only counts if they actually get the product, right? And so, if you look at -- the order growth continues to grow faster than revenue, which says, hey, from our standpoint, there's not necessarily pull-forward and it's just robust demand.
Bob McMahon: Derik, just one other thing, I think, just real quick on that. Yes, because we continue to look at -- we talked about it relative to China, but we look at it on a on a regional and global basis. And again, the order cancellations are at -- year-on-year, they're lower than they were last year. And last year, they were lower than the prior year. So, they continue to be at a very de minimis amount. It's something that we haven't seen more -- somebody is placing orders with multiple vendors and whoever can deliver gets the product first. I think it is consistent across the industry where we just are seeing very strong demand.
Bob McMahon: Yes. No, you're spot on, Patrick. You hit on the two key points. One is the continued strength in our order book globally, where our orders continue to outpace our revenue. And then you build on that fact we have a strong conviction that the revenue deferred from China we will recover. And so, you see that in both, Q3 and really Q4. You see that step-up because of the strength. I would say our visibility remains high, particularly in the instrument side of the business with record backlogs across all of our technology stacks.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Thanks, Mike, and you're telling all my secrets with my secret pages here. But I think, Patrick, to your point, this is something -- as Mike was talking about, the portfolio really has dramatically changed. So, if you went back to probably '08, '09, the great financial crisis, our business was much more capital-intense, much more instrument-oriented than it is today. It was probably in the mid-30s in terms of services and consumables. And today, it's closer to 60%. And then, if you also look at it, the pharma and clinical businesses, which are probably more recession-resistant, they're now 50% -- greater than 50% of the entire company. And so, back then, we were pretty close to GDP. And if you just look at what happened in COVID 2020, one of the greatest shocks we had, actually, we still grew 1%. And so, you can see that we've got a much more resilient business model because of the higher concentration, not only in faster and more resilient markets like diagnostics and the pharma business. But then when you look at the types of products that we have, the greater element of services, a lot of them on contract, as Mike just talked about, but then the consumables piece and then the consumables and services a greater proportion of the business than we had before. And then, even in some of those areas that we talked about, the more -- we're traditionally viewed as cyclical, there's some longer-term growth drivers. I think that people are going to still transition from gas-powered cars to electrical cars. There's still going to be a regionalization of investments and capacity around semiconductors and so forth to bring them closer to the markets, whether that be here in the U.S., Europe and other places to diversify that supply chain. Those are things that weren't there in 2020 -- or in 2008-2009. So I think we've got some tailwinds from a market perspective, and the business composition looks very different.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey Rachel, one other thing, it's a question that's come up a number of times. So, we've done a fair amount of analysis. And as Mike and Jacob talked about, we haven't really -- we haven't seen any slowdown in the order book or any -- even in the elongation, any material elongation, in kind of the order conversion cycle, so to speak, in terms of getting from proposal to order. The other piece that I think is probably underappreciated is the penetration that we have actually into this market from a services and consumables base. And so, we have probably some of the highest attach rates in our biopharma businesses just because of the types of instruments that they buy and the amount of service uptime that they require. And as long as those customers don't go bankrupt, we'll still have that. And we haven't seen any material write-offs in any of those things. So, I think people think about it and go right to instrument, but there's a big component of services and consumables there, too, that will continue to be kind of the gift that keeps on giving.
Bob McMahon: Yes. So,, our guidance for C&E hasn't changed. We were in line with the expectations for Q3 despite kind of the pushout of some of the China-related business. If you can -- GC and GC/MS have probably a higher concentration into the chemical and energy business. And actually, we still grew 9%. So, we're expecting to see a nice rebound into Q3 and Q4, primarily Q4 as that business comes back, and they're still on track to that double digit.
Bob McMahon: And I think in terms of the areas around battery and technology and clean energy technology, and I would throw in kind of semiconductor in that and some of the capacity expansion. So on the battery technology, those are emerging areas that we've talked about for the last several quarters here. It's still an emerging technology. There's only a handful of battery manufacturers right now, but they are significantly increasing capacity around the world. And so, it's a several hundred million dollar kind of market opportunity today and growing quite substantially.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey Josh, this is Bob to kind of build on that. If we kind of peeled the onion back and looked at the backlog for LSAG, it's significantly above where it was last year. It's hard to peel out. There have been some longer delivery times because of logistics, but I would say the majority of it is demand-driven. It is not because it's longer delivery times. I mean, even if you took the $50 million to $55 million out -- yes. Even if you took the $50 million to $55 million out, it's still significantly higher than what it would be historically. It's a record backlog even if you take the kind of the onetime $50 million to $55 million China deferral out.
Bob McMahon: Yes. It's a good question. So, it's $0.01 for Q2 beat and basically $0.01 for Q3 and Q4 with the share repurchase helping us by a couple of points, offset by FX. I would say, it's a prudent guide.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Your intuition, Jack, is spot on. We didn't -- for purposes of looking at this, we looked at it more on a technology stand rather than kind of end market. But if you look at most of it actually being in China, that's where most of the impact was. And that is a market that's over-indexed to food, chemical and energy and pharma. Those were the 3 biggest markets. Environmental and forensics does have an impact there as well, but it's probably less so than the other three that I just talked about.
Bob McMahon: I'll take the first one, yes. So I think if we look at what we have been able to do in Q2, it was very strong growth. it is slightly better than flattish as we've kind of tapped out -- as we're maxed out right now in capacity. But as you point out, the team continues to do a fantastic job to bring out new capacity. I will say that we do have a shutdown -- a planned shutdown in Q3 as we're doing some of the installation of Train B, which will temporarily depress the revenue there. That's built into the guide. And so, there may be a slight sequential downturn, but that's all part of the overall plan.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I'll look to my colleague and Jacob, but we don't requote when we price. So we commit to the pricing at the time that the quote was valid or the order. And so, what we're seeing here is, if we take pricing in January, we just started seeing some of that flow through in the late second quarter just given the backlog. So, if we take pricing now, it's really in terms of anticipating you'll expect to see it sometime in late Q4, really into 2023.
Bob McMahon: I was going to say, hey, Dan, just to build on what Sam is saying, I mean, this is really a class effect. I mean when we think about kind of the therapeutic areas and the proof of now several new products that are on the market, this is really -- you're seeing multiple big pharma and mid-cap pharma looking at therapeutic areas with this technology. And so it is really something that we're a leader in. We're building capacity aggressively. And it is really more a function of the market demand as opposed to anything from our standpoint of capacity. If we add more capacity, we'd have more revenue.
Bob McMahon: Yes. We're pretty much capped on 2022. We have all the business we're able to process this year. So it's really about 2023 and beyond at this point.
Mike McMullen: Vijay, how would I lead off the response here? So -- and this ties into why we have confidence about the outlook. So, we are back up and running in Shanghai, albeit on limited capacity. Both our logistics and production facilities are now up to 25% operating capacity. And we've actually started some limited international and in-country shipments. So product is starting to move. And we expect to have -- our view is that the lockdown controls will start to ease over the coming weeks and that we'll be fully operational by the end of the quarter, but we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves here, and that's why I think Bob will describe a fairly modest recovery assumption in Q2. I'd also like to take this opportunity to call just to do a shout out to our team in Shanghai, who are actually camped out, living at the factory and not being asked and volunteering to do that. So, I've also got confidence in the outlook because I know what this team can do.
Mike McMullen: So, I'm going to lead off with this and then tag team again with Jacob and Bob. But we completely agree with the premise of your question. In fact, you may recall some of our earlier presentations where we talked about there's elements of the C&E segment that aren't fully appreciated. They're being driven by capacity expansion for supply chain concerns, move to new materials, investments in semiconductor batteries. All you have to do is see what's happening in the whole automobile industry. We're a part of that. And I think it's important to just remind the audience here of the three segments that we have. And advanced materials grew, I think, mid-20s for us. The chemical side grew high teens. We were down in the energy segment. And I think that's been historically the more cyclical element of the business. But I think you need to keep in mind that that's less than 3% -- and energy side, less than 3% of Agilent's total revenues. And perhaps I'll pass it over to you, Bob and Jacob, to -- some commentary on the relative size of those buckets, if you will.
Mike McMullen: Bob, I think it's also very well. We feel really pleased about the net price realization that's occurred. We also continue to drive productivity as well. So, it's a combination of pricing and productivity improvements we're having across the Company.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Thanks, Bob. And I thought given the start of this fiscal year of our one commercial organization, maybe Padraig, you think some comments of how us helping to gain further penetration in the biopharma space.
Mike McMullen: Puneet, happy to answer that question. We're seeing the same phenomena. Pharma remains very, very strong in the U.S., and our outlook remains very bullish for the remainder of this year.
Mike McMullen: Yes. And as Bob mentioned -- this is Mike. That was a nice surprise for us. I think we came off a 21% compare and still grew 5%. So, we're seeing some positive developments. The funding environment seems to be quite healthy. And even though we had some COVID-related headwinds in the academia segment in China, even that area was strong. So, we think it's continuing to be a healthy funding environment. I think perhaps some of the COVID challenges we had as the society over the last several years has reinforced the importance of funding in those areas. As well, we're seeing return to labs or access for students and others in the lab activity as well. So, I think it's that combination of a healthy funding environment as well as lab access.
Mike McMullen: No. We haven't seen any indication of that. And I think the supply chain challenges, if you will, are no better, no worse. So, there's nothing that would be -- from a supply chain standpoint that would be encouraging customers. I got to get my order book now or I won't get a product. So we're not seeing that. We do think that some of the markets have seen an increase in their overall inherent long-term growth rate, particularly pharma, biopharma. We actually think some of the COVID challenges we had that I mentioned earlier have actually led to a more positive funding environment in some aspects of our marketplace. And Bob, I don't know if you have thoughts on this as well or...
Mike McMullen: Yes. And we have included analytics on this, Derik, with win-loss ratio. So, we know what's going on with the business, and we can kind of parse through the rhetoric.
Mike McMullen: So I'm going to make a few opening comments here. Then Bob has been doing a nice little set of model here. He has a few slides to reference, so he can give an even more precise answer. But I must use the word resiliency or resilient in my script comments at least 5 or 10 times because -- really to drive the point home that the Agilent business model, business portfolio, is significantly different than the last time that we've seen some type of recessionary pressure on the business. And at this point, for example, to a service business that just posted another 10% core revenue growth where I've got over 10% of my total company revenues under a service contract, whole consumables business, our NASD business, what we've been doing to really change the nature of our business and also deeper penetration in markets such as pharma, biopharma, which tend not to be as affected by a recessionary pressure if that was to occur. And Bob, I know this is something you're a keen student of, and I think we'd be happy to share some more insights here.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So, let me leave with some thoughts on the biopharma, and maybe you want to jump in on the cell and gene therapy, Jacob. But no, we haven't seen it. We've seen some of the publicized concerns, but it's not showing up in our discussions with customers or in our order book or order funnel. In fact, that's why I pulled Padraig into the conversation earlier because we're actually expanding our penetration in there. So, the funding environment still remains strong for the products and services looking from Agilent. And then, I know that you've got something going on with Lonza right now already on the cell...
Mike McMullen: And Bob, I think it's fair to say it wasn't just C&E in China. It also was C&E globally where our product is provided by China for those customers.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think the story -- the headline story here is transitory impact on backlog build for an element of a COVID-19 lockdowns in China. But the big story -- the big macro story is orders continue to outpace revenue, so strong instrument demand across our two largest markets. And I can recall some of the questions we got earlier this year about, hey, what's the upside in your plan. We said, we think it sits in our two largest markets, pharma and C&E. And that's actually what's happening. So -- and I think we've probably got a little bit larger backlog build right now in C&E just because of the need to be able to deliver GCs from our Shanghai factory, albeit we were able to shift some of our production to our site in the U.S., and that's continuing to ramp. But again, I think the macro story here is really strong overall market environment for orders. And we're feeling really good about our ability to meet our customers' expectations on deliveries. We see customers continue to be satisfied with their relationship with Agilent. I think you saw me try to hit that in my closing comments. And then as Bob mentioned, we monitor very closely the level of order cancellations and continue to be delighted with where that stands.
Mike McMullen: I do recall we had some larger European orders in C&E that will be filled later because we couldn't get GCs to them this quarter -- this past quarter.
Mike McMullen: And Jack, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had a chance -- actually, Bob and I and Sam had a chance to actually go down and spend time with the team to see firsthand does a great job there to thank them for their work. And they've really done a great job both winning new business as we looked into '23 but also meeting -- also supporting a major expansion of our production, which we've been referring to as Train B. And to answer your question, I would say is, first of all, there's no changes to our outlook in terms of 2023 revenue. We do think it's not likely that we'll start production this calendar year. So, it's most likely early calendar 2023. We've had some great support from the construction teams are supporting our effort here, but also have experienced some COVID-related to supply chain issues. But as you can imagine, Jack, we also were prudent in our initial outlook for 2023. So, don't read into that anything beyond the fact that it may take us a little bit longer to get the plant up and running, the new capacity up and running, but our revenue outlook for 2023 remains unchanged.
Mike McMullen: Absolutely. Thank you, Jack. The best is yet to come. We’re Agilent. Right after this call, I'll be doing an earnings call video for the Agilent team and that might close. So -- and thank you very much for that, Jack.
Mike McMullen: Yes. We're actively working on the answer to that question right now. So nothing yet to share, but I can assure you there'll be more -- there's more letters in the alphabet than A and B. So you can expect us to continue to invest and expand this business.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think our appetite remains the same in terms of as part of our Build and Buy growth strategy. We've indicated previously that we have an appetite to do a larger M&A that we done historically. We've talked about it being multiples of the BioTek acquisition. It's really just a matter of making sure we find the targets that make the most sense for us strategically, and of course, making sure they create value for our shareholders. And we have remained disciplined through all the hype of the -- of what we experienced last year with the SPACs and IPOs coming out, et cetera. I think the market is still -- is now becoming a little more rational in terms of -- and I say a little bit more rational in terms of price expectations, albeit not everybody has forgotten what they thought they once were or were 6 or 7 months ago, Bob. So we remain very active nothing to announce, but this remains a priority for the Company. But we're not going to do deals just to do deals. We have to do deals that makes sense for our shareholders.
