Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. As Mike stated, we are very pleased with our Q4 and full year performance, both well over the high end of our guidance.  We delivered above-market core revenue growth of 6.3% and 5.9%, respectively; and our operating margin, adjusted for income from Keysight, was up 60 basis points and 110 basis points, respectively.  Our full year EPS at $1.98 is 14% higher than the previous year. Please note that we have reduced our pro forma tax rate by 1 percentage points, which had a $0.02 impact on our EPS. Our operating cash flow for the full year, at $793 million, reflects our strong overall performance.  And turning to capital returns. For the first -- for the year, we returned $584 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks or 89% of our free cash flow.  I will now turn to the guidance for fiscal year 2017. As Mike stated, our initial guidance, like last year, assumes that -- what we believe to be appropriate caution. Our fiscal year '17 revenue guidance of $4.35 billion to $4.37 billion corresponds to a core revenue growth of 4% to 4.5%. It is based on October 31 exchange rates and currency had a 0.6 percentage point impact -- negative impact on revenues. We project fiscal year '17 adjusted operating margin of 21% to 21.5% and fiscal year '17 EPS of $2.10 to $2.16, growing 8% at midpoint.  As you update your models for fiscal year '17, please consider the following 10 points: First, annual salary increases will be effective December 1, 2016. Second, stock-based compensation will be about $59 million. And as we front end the recognition of stock-based compensation, the Q1 expense will be about $23 million. Third, the reduction in bond yields is negatively impacting our annual pension expenses by about $12 million. Fourth, depreciation is projected to be $104 million for the fiscal year. Fifth, the non-GAAP effective tax rate is projected to remain at 19%. Sixth, we plan to return approximately $600 million in capital to shareholders, including $170 million in dividends and $430 million in buybacks, subject to customary conditions. Seventh, we plan to borrow $250 million in the second half to fund a portion of our capital returns. Eighth, net interest expense is forecasted at $71 million and other income at $11 million. Ninth, for purpose of our EPS guidance, we have assumed a diluted share count of 324 million shares, 5 million shares less than the average diluted share count in fiscal year '16. And finally, tenth, we expect operating cash flow of $825 million and capital expenditures of $200 million, about $60 million over fiscal year '16, mostly due to the investment in the second nucleic acid facility. Now finally, moving to the guidance for our first quarter. First, please note that Lunar New Year falls in Q1 this year versus Q2 last year, meaning about $15 million of revenue shifting from Q1 to Q2. We expect Q1 revenues of $1.04 billion to $1.06 billion and EPS of $0.48 to $0.50. At midpoint, revenue will grow 2.2% on a core basis and EPS will grow 7%. And as customary, Q1 EPS is negatively impacted by the December salary increase, front loading of stock-based compensation and the increase in payroll taxes due to the disbursement of the variable and incentive pay of the previous year.  With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A. 
Didier Hirsch: Yes, I mean, the -- I mean, I'm not going to give you the full bridge. I mean, when we provided the guidance of 21% to 21.5%, we took into account obviously, the -- all the impacts that I've mentioned. So there is -- it's based on the 4.3% core revenue growth. So there is clearly an operating leverage impact. And a lot, a lot of actions that are taking place to offset inflation and other headwinds that probably I have mentioned. The guidance assumes some level of increase improvements in gross margins as well as a reduction in terms of our -- the OpEx as a percentage of revenue. So you have a pretty much on all fronts, some improvements, not as much as we had initially anticipated because of the 3 headwinds that I've mentioned. Some of it related to operating leverage and some of it related to the continuation of our Agile Agilent programs. 
Didier Hirsch: So I assume when you refer to timing impact, you're referring to special -- I mean between '16 and '17, some cash outlays only that could… 
Didier Hirsch: Yes, on the tax rates, I did mention at the May Analyst Day that we were going to work really hard on the reducing our tax rate by 2 percentage points over the course of the next 2 to 3 years. We are very happy to be able to deliver already 1 percentage point in this fiscal year '16. We still are aiming to reduce our effective tax rate by other 1 percentage points over the course of the next 24 months as committed to or as indicated, I would say, in fiscal year -- in -- at the AID. But it's prudent to assume that the reduction will come in fiscal year '18 and not in fiscal year '17. So in your models, we advise you to put a 1 percentage point's reduction in tax rate from 19% to 18% in fiscal year '18, not in fiscal year '17. 
Didier Hirsch: Absolutely. Absolutely. I was just waiting for his bated breath for the fine lines on the -- any chance, but yes. 
Didier Hirsch: Yes, the main reason for the increase, which is about $60 million, from $139 million this year to $200 million next year, is really the significant increase that we're planning in terms of our nucleic acid facilities, RNA-based therapeutics and -- in Colorado. So we had one facility. We're still expanding the capacity of that facility, but we are building and we just started a few weeks ago 20 miles away a second facility that will kind of double the capacity when it will be put in production end of 2018, 2019. So that is the main reason for the increase. And starting in 2018, we should start -- we will see a reduction in the CapEx. This is not the run rate. Our CapEx run rate is still between -- like between $100 million and $120 million per year. So this is way above our run rate. 
Didier Hirsch: No, I mean, just that, I mean, we do have stretch goals. As we mentioned, we are paid internally on achieving 22%. And that means all of us have stretch goals to make -- to achieve that -- to contribute to the 22%. And OSS, under Henrik, the order fulfillment and supply chain organization, which has delivered greatly in '16 is looking at opportunities to deliver even more in '17, which would help us bridge the gap. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, thanks, Steve. The headline for me was as we looked throughout the quarter, we were winning more business than we planned. So we're winning a lot of business in our core markets. I think some of the end-market strength that we planned too was actually fairly similar to what I've seen other people comment on relative to the strength of China, strength of pharma, continued subdued but kind of a stable academia and government environment. And for us, I think we were just delighted by our performance, in particular, in our analytical instrument business where we seem to be winning more business than we planned and we think that bodes well for the strength of our portfolio and some of the things we've been doing over the last year in our channels as well. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, we were talking a bit about this yesterday with the team. And if you look at our performance through the quarter, we got off to a strong start in August and it continued throughout the quarter. And sometimes, it's hard to tell over first month where things will land for the quarter. But I'd say by the end of September, we knew we are winning more business than we planned. And it's really shaping up to be a strong quarter for us and really position us well for us going into 2017. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, maybe just to up an exclamation point on this is that we know that the installed base is at historic levels of aging. We know the equipment is being used. And it's just a matter time for that replacement cycle is going to turn on. But as you saw in my call comments, we're not ready to call that yet. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, actually, I think where we had was the high end of our guidance is around 21.5%, right, Didier? And... 
Michael McMullen: Yes, and the way Didier and I talked about this one was listen, we think we've got a path to 22%. But there's lot of higher risks than there was back at the last call and at the May AID. So we thought it was prudent for us to guide this way. But we're all out inside, all our comp is tied to the 22% number. 
Michael McMullen: I think the question, Didier, was relative to the composition of our operating margin improvements for next year. And perhaps we can start with the mix between volume and OpEx and gross margins. 
Michael McMullen: And maybe just reminding the audience, Didier. When we first started this march almost 2 years ago to go to the 22%, we laid out a path, which is really around 60% was going to be on volume, the other 40% was going to be on OpEx improvements in gross margin. And I think we're thinking about the same kind of mix for 2017. 
Michael McMullen: What I can tell you is that -- back to my earlier statement, is that we're winning more business that planned. So we're quite pleased with how we've been doing with the LC/MS portfolio. And, Patrick, you may just want to remind the audience of some of the new stuff that we've come out with. So I guess, I'm not comfortable giving the specific of the growth rate. But just giving you a sense of trend of the business and maybe a few proof points of why we believe it's going as well as it is. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, sure, Ryan. So Didier, how about I make a few initial comments and then if you wanted to add anything to it. But, firstly, I think we also need to put a series of caveats on my response because we really don't know what this might look like. What strings might be attached to, how you can use it, whether you can use cash in a certain way. But obviously, we would welcome this type of development, including a move to a more permanent reduction in U.S. corporate tax rates. That being said, I think if you go beyond the theory, I assume with those caveats, I think what you'd expect us to do is handle the return to cash very much along the lines of how we're managing our current use of capital. So we would want to use it for U.S.-based M&A, and we'd like to use that in situation where we've been using debt, such as our share repurchases so we would able to finance our share repurchases. And then we might look at our debt structure. But I think what we want to do is, first of all, obviously, understand what are the restrictions that could be tied to it. Also remind the group that some of the cash does need to remain permanently investment overseas. But we were -- if that particular situation would develop, we would like -- we would bring it back and use the cash very much along the lines how we've been using cash with the exception is I won't need to borrow money like I've done in the past for U.S.-based M&A or stock repurchases. I guess you might be okay with that, Didier. You haven't said anything else. Okay. 
Michael McMullen: Yes. So great question, Jon, and thanks for that and obviously, we've spent a lot of time talking about this as a team and I mentioned to Alicia before the call, I think we may be the first company in our space that had to do guidance after the U.S. election. So what I'm going to tell you is the kind of factors we're thinking about. And then also give you maybe some little bit more thinking about why we guided the growth rate we did as a company. But we don't yet have a position on these issues. What we do know is there's a multitude of factors that we need to pay attention to. Regulated markets, what's going to happen to other customers in the food markets, the environmental markets, the drug -- the FDA regulatory markets? So we know there's going to be a customer impact. What's going to happen with U.S. government funding? A lot of our business is driven by U.S. government funding. What's going to happen with trade agreements? There's been a lot of noise about Chinese currency. We just talked about the tax. And will the M&A environment change in terms of -- so all I can say right now, Jonathan, is perhaps, like everybody else on this call, we kind of had a sense of the issues, but we don't know which ways these things are going to go yet, so we're not going to call them. And we're just going to -- and that's one of the reasons why we took what we believe to be a prudent, cautious initial guide to FY '17. If I look at the end markets, I mean, pharma's going to continue to be strong. But we don't believe that it can continue to grow in double digits throughout all of FY '17. So we've tapered down our expectations a bit about pharma. We also think that China has been just a -- just fantastic for us. I think our number for the year was 21% growth for the year; I'm dialing that back a bit to double digit. So what we're doing is really just trying to moderate our view of growth for next year based on what we've seen to be some pretty difficult comparisons in some markets that really have been driving the business. As I mentioned to you, the wildcard is the turn on energy. One of the things that you pointed out, Jonathan, and what I'm really delighted is, we've had 6%, close to 6% growth, 2 years in a row with our #2 market declining for 8 quarters. When that market turns, that obviously will help us in the growth.  So -- but I've learned over the first 2 years in this job, it's really hard to call in terms of major markets. So I'm not going to. And we'll just kind of keep an eye on it, and we'll update you as we go through the year, but that's our thinking about how we're viewing the U.S. election and the thought behind our end-market guidance for next year. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, thanks for the question, Derik. So as I mentioned earlier, we saw strength throughout the quarter. And we were quite delighted with the results. And we're not specifically commenting about orders or backlogs. But I did say in my early comments that we're well positioned for 2017. I would ask you to think about the Q1, particularly the impact of Chinese Lunar New Year. I told Didier, I said, don't want to talk about it in the Q1 call. So let's make sure that we include it in our guide. So that is the one thing that I would ask you to think about in terms of the next 3 months of the company's performance. Because we think we'll probably push about a week's worth of revenue or so from Q1 to Q2 because customers just won't be there to take delivery, and as you saw, the growth rates have been really exceptional for us in China. 
Michael McMullen: No, actually, we don't have that concern. What we've been more thinking about is where's the thing going long term. So -- but in the next quarter, we don't have any real concerns about that. So -- and that's why we are doing a full year guidance here in November. And it's really hard to see what's going to happen longer term throughout the year. But in the next quarter or so, we wouldn't expect that to have any significant impact. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, thanks for the question. I have to say it really was across the board with one exception, which is the chemical and energy market. So all the other markets were up quite substantially for us. And I think this is consistent with what we had talked about in prior calls, which is really there's going to be a level of investment in China relative to quality of life issues and in environmental, in food, lined up directly with their 5-year plan that they're in the midst of a major improvement in their overall pharma industry and that there's a lot of money going on to research. So -- and then I think the reason Agilent has been able to do so well here is we've got this combination of we've been working the organizational structure, the -- our channel model in the country. We've had a lot of stability over the last 18 months. So we've got a really strong team there. And that combination of the team, our historical strength in China and the new products we have, it's all coming together in terms of growth. And I guess, I maybe just add one thing and, Mark, perhaps, you can comment here. We often talk about the strength of end markets and the new products going to these end markets, but I think there's something going on relative to your business there and the move to services, I think, is worth a comment on as well. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, I mentioned -- I ask Mark to comment on that because as you may recall, we really have changed the portfolio composition of the company, doing much more in the aftermarket. So cath lab instruments are actually less than 50% now of total company's revenue. And historically, China has been driven by new instrument purchases. We're seeing increasing growth also coming from services and consumables. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, Jack, thanks for the question. I think I'll pass it over to Jacob, maybe a little bit more color on the quarter results. 
Michael McMullen: Yes. And thanks, Didier. I had one additional thought here is, I think it's important to remind everyone is that some of the things that are going to help in '17 have already been finished in '16. So things such as our simplification of our financial systems infrastructure. So it's done. And now the savings will show up in '17. 
Michael McMullen: No, Isaac, I just mentioned that what we saw was really strong pacing throughout the quarter. So it wasn't -- we didn't see something happen all of a sudden in the last 4 or 5 weeks. We had -- we had strength all through 3 quarters of our fiscal year close. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, Isaac, great, great question. And I would point back to what we discussed back at the May AID, where we really said, what this is really all about is generating superior earnings growth, right. So if you think about what we're trying to do here is we're trying to outgrow the market, extend the operation margin to keep driving up our adjusted earnings per share growth. So what we'd like to be able to do is really that should be the focus of the team as we move forward. Operating margin expansion and capital deployment and your growth and market are all ways to get there. So we'd like to really be that have become the cornerstone of our long-term focus. And we want Agilent viewed as a company who grows their earnings faster than revenue. But as I mentioned in the AID is, I really want to also make sure that we don't get so focused on continuing to drive up the operating margin year in and year out that you pass on things that are immediately, say, accretive, maybe they're dilutive on your margins, but with good M&A additions to the business. So I think the way we're going to talk about the company post '17 is very consistent with what we had talked about back in the spring in New York City. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, sure, Brandon. As we -- as I look through my notes here, I think we're expecting low single-digit growth. And I think it's important to kind of parse it out by academia and government. So we think that if we go by the major regions, right, China is going to be strong. And they've actually helped mitigate some of what's been happening in the U.S. and Europe. We're not expecting much in Europe. It's been down. It was down again, but not -- it was basically -- sort of almost feels like the chemical and energy market, which is kind of chugging along at a reduced rate. We're not expecting the governments there to do anything in terms of more stimulus. In fact, one of things we're watching is what are they going to do as a result of Brexit, for those of things. So we expect a strong China, academia and government. We expect a continuation of this current environment in Europe. In the United States, the academia side is not bad. It's what we've seen more has been more on the U.S. government side. The U.S. government -- our U.S. government business is down in 2016 relative to '15. And that's why in my call I mentioned, hey, we need to kind of see where this new administration goes with its budget plans and investment priorities. So right now, we're kind of standing on the sideline just saying it's going to continue to be just like it is, but -- in the United States. But we could see something different in a few months, we just don't know. 
Michael McMullen: I think you anticipated my answer. So we basically have a flat line for the year. And it hasn't -- it's been shrinking for the last 7 or 8 quarters 2% or 3%. I think we ended up down about 3% for the full year. And we're basically saying, it's going to be flattish for '17. If there's any good news to that story is the fundamental industries are still out there in terms of gasoline is being produced. We've seen record levels of production in the United States, for example. The plants are running. There's a lot of discussion. There's a lot of reports externally about a turn. Oil prices have been inching up. But our history here is that it's really hard to know exactly when it's going to turn. What I can say is that if you have a profitability productivity message associated with something you can bring to the laboratory, then they might listen to you. And we're hopeful that some of our new product introductions will hit the mark there. But in terms of our overall market assumption and growth assumption for the company, we're assuming flat for '17. No big movements one way or another. 
Michael McMullen: Yes. No, I think what we've said, and I'm really trying to be -- have actions that are consistent with our prior communication. We said we would look at acquisitions that could be short-term dilutive in nature, and we did one the latter part of '16. And we just love having iLab part of the portfolio. It's going to be -- it's a great addition to the business. But right now, it's not at the corporate average. We'll move it up. So if we saw other opportunities like that, we would pursue them. But I think if you want to look at the type of the deals and the size and other things, just look at what we've done so far to give you kind of a sense of the things that we're looking at going forward. We like accretive deals, and we like ones that can move up -- move the margins up. 
Michael McMullen: I have to say, I don't think they really know yet as well. What they're doing right now is in they're right in the midst of their capital budgeting process. So what I can tell you is I've had a couple conversations with customers over the last 2 or 3 weeks on this exact topic. And what they described for me is, hey, our end -- these are -- one customer was somebody who provides services into -- and equipment into the energy market. So listen, we're starting to get interest in quotes, but we're not sure whether it's going to hit in '17 or '18. When we had our VIP launch for the Intuvo 9000 GC, a lot our customers were in the chemical and energy space. And it's, "Listen, we love this productivity message you have here. I think there's a real economic ROI. I'm now right in the midst of my budgeting process inside the company. Maybe I'll be able to get this thing through this year or maybe the following year." Because there still seems to be the sentiment, particularly with the larger companies that they want to hold on to the equipment as long as they can before they have to replace it. So -- and again, that's why I pointed to the fact that it's not all negative because of the fact that we do have a strong service and consumables offerings into that space. But again, we just don't -- I don't think our customers know yet as well what's going to happen. We do know it's going to happen. History will repeat itself. There will be a replenishment of aged equipment. But again, we're just not confident enough right now to say when that's going to occur. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, thanks, Mike. Looking at the GC market, we definitely are positioned very well to capture any growth opportunity there. We have launched the Intuvo, which is a strong message to all our customers that we are standing behind them when it comes to drive for lower cost of measurement, when it comes to lower cost of ownership, when it comes to increased productivity and it positions us clearly as the market leader in gas chromatography. So we are in a lot of discussions with them, not only on Intuvo, but I think what the Intuvo launch did for us, we also -- it also spread a lot of discussion again about other -- of our other part of portfolio to 7890 and other products, which are market-leading products. And again, the discussion with the customers in the suppressed market is all about how can we help them increasing their productivity, driving their cost of analysis down and this is where we are exceptionally well positioned with this portfolio. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure, again, we are confident that we are outgrowing the market on many fronts. And we have a very strong LC/MS portfolio. We launched a lot of exciting products at ASMS this year. And I think the reception of the market just underlines our strength. The combination of LC and LC/MS is important, and we think both are winning platforms. We see strong adoption across all the end markets. If there was one market where we have seen some headwind, then it was probably at the pain management market segment. But that is also in line with what you probably have heard with some of our competitors. But overall, we have been very pleased with the result in Q4. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Well, on the small molecule side, I think we are more in the low- to mid-single-digits range; whereas in biopharma we're more optimistic, and it continues to be double digit. That's our projection right now. 
