Robert McMahon: Yes, Vijay, yes, I appreciate the comments on the end of the year. And as we mentioned, we're moving into FY '23 with momentum. And really, what we've seen across our business in FY '22, we are expecting to continue into FY '23. Broad-based business results really led by our two largest markets, Pharma and Chemicals & Advanced Materials. And when we think about those, those are both in the mid- to high single-digit growth range and with growth in the other areas as well. We're expecting all of our markets to grow and really given some of the secular drivers that we've seen this year and continued strength in the pharma business.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Yes. So we ended Q4 in a very good position here with a little over 4% and that has ramped throughout the year, and we're forecasting roughly about a little over 3% in price next year across our book of business. And we are assuming margin expansion, Vijay, next year. And when we look at that 7.5% to 9%, what we are seeing is kind of unprecedented strength in currency. And we do hedge, but our hedges become less effective over time. And we're -- that's absorbing a 4-point headwind. So if you added that back in, it would be closer to 11.5% to 13% EPS growth.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I think what you would see is a continuation of what we've been able to do this year. And what we've been able to do is cover the increase in costs associated with the inflation through the pricing activities, but then really leveraging our operating expenses. And you saw that in full display here in where we did have operating -- gross margin expansion, but you also saw a majority of the margin expansion in the operating expense. And I think that that's 1 of the benefits that we have through the investments that we've been making in digital over time, as Mike mentioned, as well as the continued effort around the One Agilent focus. So I would expect us to continue to see that I do think that the scale that we have across our businesses will continue to provide benefits next year, certainly, as we drive more business into our service organization. I do think that we will continue to be able to leverage that footprint. And then if you look at the higher growth areas that we've been investing in, in the instrumentation side of the business, those are our more profitable businesses. And we are also looking to continue to attach -- increase our attach rates both on the services but then also consumables, which are 1 of our highest profit.  And I would say in Diagnostics, the DGG business, we are facing kind of some of the start-up costs with our Train B next year. But if you peel the onion, I would say, fundamentally, our business is performing very well there as well in '23. And I would expect margin improvement outside of kind of some onetime start-up costs that we would have in bringing that train up and running in the second half of the year.
Robert McMahon: Yes, that's right. And Puneet, I would say the strength that we saw in Q4 in China was really across the board across all the major technology platforms within the instrument business. The consumables business was incredibly strong as well. And then the services business, if you recall back in Q3, we said that activity hadn't fully come back, was fully back in Q4. And so we saw very strong there. And not to forget, DGG. We had double-digit growth in our Diagnostics and Genomics business as well. So it was really broad-based. And you talked about visibility, orders continue to grow in China. And we have very good visibility in -- certainly into the first half of this year. And as we think about the secular growth drivers, those are still in place. If you think about the investments that are made in technologies around the biotechnology areas, but increasingly actually in advanced materials and some of the secular drivers around batteries and lithium-ion production and so forth. And we would expect that to continue into next year for sure.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Brandon, thanks for the questions. Yes, the Lunar New Year is roughly a little over 0.5 point impact year-on-year for headwind had in our first quarter. It starts in mid-January this year versus the first of February last year. And so -- and for those that will come back to us in the second quarter. And then I think in terms of supply chain, -- it is -- we think it is improving, but it's not back to kind of pre-COVID levels, both on the standpoint of being able to get products to customers, but also procuring raw materials and the costs associated with that. We do think that that's going to improve over time. I would say I wouldn't expect any changes -- any material changes certainly in the first half of the year and then maybe some slight changes as we get into the back half of the year. But -- we do think it is improving, but we've increased our stocks of critical supplies. And I don't think it will go back to pre-COVID levels in terms of how we're running that just to ensure that we have the ability to flex when we need to if there were challenges around logistics across the world.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I would say at the beginning, Dan, we're at the beginning of the year, there are uncertainties out there, as I'd repeat what Mike said, it's beginning of the year and that's a prudent guide. I would say that there's an element of tough comps, particularly in the second half of the year as we have been building -- taking down the backlog certainly in China, which was China just a deferral from Q2 into the second half of the year.  But I would say, fundamentally, the demand is still strong. And I think across the end markets, our expectation is that the Pharma and Chemical & Advanced Materials markets will continue to lead the way for us with faster-than-expected growth, I think, in Environmental & Forensics for that PFAS testing.
Robert McMahon: The only thing I would say, Dan, this is Bob, to add is this is an area -- sometimes people ask us, this would be an area of potential upside? If things continue the way that they are, there would be an opportunity for upside in this end market, given the strength that we're seeing.
Robert McMahon: Yes, it's a good question. And this is Bob. And I would say it wasn't pull forward, it was catch up in terms of the growth rate here because it was -- as you know, Rachel, China has got a bigger proportion of the food market. And I would say it is a function of having two years of very strong performance there and so difficult comps. And I do think it is trending up with some of the investments that are being made there. But this still is a low to mid-single-digit grower.
Robert McMahon: Yes, yes. So it is mid-single digits. What I would say, Derik, is we're not going to disclose the amount of contribution for our backlog in there. But you can imagine that, that healthy backlog that we just talked about is primarily on the instrument side. It's just the way that we book business. And we have pretty good visibility into the first half of the year just given the way our order trends happened.
Robert McMahon: Yes. And I would say, Derik, the growth that we had met our expectations right down the line; and as Mike said, stronger in places like China, and less so in the U.S. but it met our overall expectations. And that's kind of how we're expecting it in FY '23 as well.
Robert McMahon: Yes, Jack, just to build on that, the other piece -- the first piece of that would be our orders being pushed out, and we're not even seeing that either. So we're not seeing any push out of orders as well as any cancellations.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I was going to say there's really nothing -- it's an area -- as Mike, you said, it's an area that we're watching. We haven't seen any material change in the way things are operating there. Just to add on that 14% was against a year ago that we did have revenue in Russia. And so that 14% was even higher than that if you looked at it on a pro forma basis. So…
Robert McMahon: Yes, stay tuned. What I would say is, I mean, we have -- as Mike said, I think we did see some of that in our order book in Q4 given some of the extended delivery times that are still out there between us and the rest of the market. But we're not assuming any greater than kind of normal budget flush for the end of the year.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I would say we have seen in the second half of this year, incremental improvements as we went through Q3 and Q4 that helped us allow us to increase our revenue here in Q4. I would expect that incremental improvement to continue into next year. But it's by no means back to kind of normal I think if it happens to improve, I do think that, that would be a good thing for us. And -- but we're not -- we're assuming kind of the same level of improvement that we've seen in the back half of this year moving into FY '23. I do think that some of the costs have come down but there we're still having to purchase things in the aftermarket to be able to ensure supply and deliver to customers.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I mean we ended this year touching on roughly $300 million for that business, and we've talked about this Train B being $150 million plus of capacity when Mike says we're going to be at capacity at that run rate by the end of the fiscal year. And you could imagine that probably less than half of that is a ramp-up, but we would expect a strong growth here. And I would say Train B is primarily siRNA, although we do have early -- some growing business in CRISPR Therapeutics out of our existing facilities, and we expect that to continue to grow as well. 
Robert McMahon: Yes. No, we agree. And I would say it's -- we've been doing that over the course of this last year. And I would say one of the areas, obviously, we're building out the capacity in NASD that we've talked about extensively. But we're also significantly investing in places like digital and software. And we think that that's an area of increasing strength for us and would look to continue to invest incrementally there as we go into FY '23. 
Mike McMullen: Hey, Bob, I would just add, too. This is our initial guide for the year. We're at the top end of our long growth model in terms of the long-term growth aspirations we laid out at our last [AID] coming off two straight years of double-digit growth. And its initial guide of the year, Vijay. And you probably hear a few times they were being prudent given the increasing economic uncertainty out there. But I would point out that if you look at the core growth rate assumptions, the Q1 '22 guide is actually higher than the full year number.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So we really wanted to make sure that it was clear that across all three segments of the CAM segment, we saw growth. And what you're seeing going on here is a lot of investments in the HPI industry given the strength of their businesses. So -- and I'll have Jacob jump on this as well, I think their businesses with the ability to invest and they have a lot of deferred investments over the years, but also a lot of new money going into renewable and green energy initiatives as well.
Mike McMullen: Bob, I just have to think to your comment about the DGG business. Just a reminder, Puneet as we came into this year, we created a unique structure as part of our one commercialization to have all of our China businesses we put into one single leader. Really, the idea was to add scale to the parts of our business, which we felt underrepresented, and you saw the payoff already starting to happen with the growth rate in DGG, for example.
Mike McMullen: I thought it was really good newsprint because we've been talking lately about that while we still continue to believe that biopharma large molecules will have the inherently higher growth rate, we've also been pointing the fact that the small molecule will continue to have growth. And I think it speaks to some of the strength of particularly our LC and LC/MS business in small molecule. And Jacob, I'll have you add a few comments here in a second. I wouldn't overread too much in that particular quarter. It's just one quarter. I think we would expect to continue to see over time a differentiation in the growth rates between biopharma and small molecule, but small molecule by no means is dead and it's an opportunity for growth. And I think we've got a great portfolio there, Jacob.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Thanks, Jacob, for those build. And this is the first time in my tenure where that we've seen this kind of money coming in, in the U.S. marketplace with the government support. So it's a very encouraging trend, and we think that trend is going to be with us into '23.
Mike McMullen: Maybe just a couple of additional comments here, Bob, maybe Jacob, you have thoughts as well. But we continue to see improving market share. So the latest industry stats from -- showed us all green across all platforms. So that should bring to -- and any kind of debate on whether or not we're picking up share. But I also think it's kind of also recognize we've been in kind of an unprecedented environment here for a number of quarters in a row where we've seen instrument growth rates in 20s plus, 30 plus. A lot of it -- and we've been very transparent about this in all our calls that an element of that it's tied to an accelerated replacement cycle in some end markets, in some technologies. So we're thinking though, as we set up the guide for '23, we should assume some return to more normalized replacement rates in certain end markets but there's going to be growth there, but perhaps not at the same rate we've seen. And I don't know if you have any additional thoughts there, Jacob.
Mike McMullen: And at the risk of being repetitive, Rachel, we're on record saying that there's more letters than the alphabets in A&B. So we're focused on getting Train B up and running and have it generating revenue in '23. But at the same time, we continue to explore possible expansion plans, and nothing yet to announce yet, but stay tuned.
Mike McMullen: Right. And I really wanted to make sure that we highlight those new secular growth drivers because a lot of growth historically has come from China. We're seeing actually a much more diversified mix of business as we move forward. 
Mike McMullen: Yes. So Bob, maybe we can tag team on this, and I'll start. So first of all, this is the one market that we always coming out of COVID said will be the slowest to recover, and that's still proven to be the case. We saw really, really good demand in China in Academia & Government and also good demand for certain aspects of our portfolio. But at the same point in time, a level of caution is around CapEx. NIH funding is not as robust as people had hoped. So we've tempered our outlook for '23 as kind of just a continuation of more and more of the same.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So thanks for that, Derik. And as you know, we've got this Build and Buy growth strategy and one aspect of it is to look for opportunities for us to add great new businesses and team to Agilent through the use of our balance sheet. And as you may recall, some of our calls in the early part of '22, wow, these -- and finished out when these valuations were really out of site. And we saw that both in the public, but also in the private space. And things are starting to actually moderate down. So nothing at all to announce, but I'd say that the activities are -- we are very active here, and we're getting to places where you can see deals happening that would work for shareholders. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, Jack, thanks for that question because one of the reasons why we have the confidence we have with the outlook we've guided to -- and when Bob talks about elevated backlogs, it's a healthy backlog. In that we have no significant change. There's no significant order cancellations, remain very low. So the orders we have in backlog will ship and we feel really good about the -- if you will, the quality of our backlog.
Mike McMullen: No, no. Thanks for that question, Jack, because we've been reading some of the print as well, and we're saying, well, that's really not what we all were seeing with our business. So you saw -- and Jacob, we posted what double-digit 15% growth in CSD. We saw low teens growth in the genomics area, which would be the area you might see those things. And so it's not a concern for our ongoing business. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, sure. So I think backlog remains up over historic exit levels. And that's why we very carefully chose the word elevated in our text to make sure that that you know there's more gas to left in the tank. While we won't give you a specific growth rate, I will tell you that we again grew our orders in Q4 off a prior year double-digit compare. I do think it's also worth pointing out, though, we did see a different trend within the quarter. So -- and I think this speaks to our confidence around the year-end revenues because customers were ordering earlier in the quarter in like August and through September, really to make sure they got product by the fiscal year. So that was probably the only thing that we saw a little bit different than historical patterns, if I remember correctly, Bob? And then I think the story was pretty much across the board geographically.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So relative to Europe, I think I'd just remind you, we had a 14% print in the quarter. So we really feel good about our performance relative to the competition in that part of the world. But this area is a watch out for us. The -- a lot of the economic -- future economic concerns are really sending around what may happen to the European economy, particularly with the energy prices that they're having to deal with and what does it mean for demand and the ability for our customers to have the profitable revenue streams they want for their business. So that's an area that we're watching, and that's why we've taken this prudent guide in for example, assuming what will happen on the chemical side of Europe.
Mike McMullen: Yes, absolutely. So I'm going to tag team with Padraig on this one, but I think all those factors are hitting, and we're going to talk about services, but I think it's important to know that between services and consumables, we actually crossed over the 30% connect rate for the first time in the fourth quarter. So we've been talking about the importance of connect rates going forward. And on the services side, which is where your question is centered is, we've seen an acceleration of growth. We hinted at some of the places we're doing really well at the big enterprise level. But Padraig, why don't you add some your thoughts on here? Because this is your business and a lot of good things happening here.
Mike McMullen: Yes, to Josh's question, if we get to a point where we don't have to go into that aspect of the market, that would be upside for us.
Mike McMullen: We think there's an element that will also be in pharma as well. So you're right. I was focusing specifically on the Chemical segment of Europe, but that's also part of the storyboard as well. You can manage large pharma accounts who are dealing with increased costs, trying to figure out what they want to do in 2023. So that's a watch area for us as well. But I will say, some of the other secular drivers that we talked about earlier, such as investments in renewable energy, there's a big push to make hydrogen more of a source of energy. So this plays right in the sweet spot of Agilent. So -- but we are cautious about the large accounts in Europe and what they may do in '23 in those two end markets.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Sam you know might obviously take a lead on that just to kind of -- and then have Bob jump in here as well. I mean we're assuming that our new capacity for Train B comes online, mid-year calendar year, it starts and will reach I believe full capacity by the end of the year. And we do think there's further expansion opportunities both in terms of what we do already, but broadening the portfolio. But Bob, maybe you want to walk through some of the thoughts on the financial expectations.
Mike McMullen: I think we've always felt -- and Jacob, feel free to jump in this. We've always felt that long term, we expected LC/MS to have higher growth rates than GC/MS. And I think we'd expect that to play out in the long run. I'm not sure about '23 because GC/MS plays really well in the advanced materials space. We've been talking about some of the secular drivers there. But also, as Jacob mentioned, PFAS is an area, too. So I don't know if we're going to see that much divergence in '23, but it's a great question. I haven't thought about it.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, I think you're right, Mike. I think we're seeing, as you mentioned, there has been some pause in the capital equipment investment over the years, and we're definitely seeing that coming back. So -- and both in the HPI, but also in the renewable energy, we continue to see a lot of strength, and we believe that will continue forward.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Right, Mike. Oh, sorry, I was on mute here. So sorry, this was Jacob coming with some comments. But you're absolutely right, Mike. We continue to see the small molecule being -- while it's still the largest part of our business, of course, we see biopharma as a great opportunity, but we take the small molecule business very seriously and continue to build full workflow solutions for that, particularly for the LC and LC/MS space, and that's where the growth is coming from. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, you're absolutely right, Mike. It's a huge market. And in fact, there was more than 4 billion put aside in the infrastructure build for PFAS testing, not only for analytical instrument, obviously, but overall for PFAS testing. So this is a great opportunity. And it's particularly a great opportunity for us as this requires -- it's very high-sensitivity instruments you need and you have run very easily into issues in your sample, perhaps you don't take that very seriously. So really building out the flow solutions and have something that works every time. We spend a lot of energy on that. And in fact, we have a solution now that lives up to all the EPA regulations and our customers just love it because it's just plug and play, and it works very well for them for very sophisticated ways of doing business here.  And on top of that, while most of the opportunity sits in the LC/MS space. We're also starting to see the GC/MS as an opportunity to look at testing of PFAS molecules in the year and all the volatile, so which speaks extremely well to our opportunity.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, correct. And the cannabis business continues to do very well, and we see a lot of lab owners that is looking for us to come in and help them to equip the full laboratories. So that's a big opportunity for us. But also the alternative protein space is really picking up, both here in U.S., but particularly also in in Asia. So I do believe that is going to continue to be a secular growth driver for us in food.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Thanks, Mike. And we came out with some very nice innovations here at the ASMS on the GC/MS side, including the way that you can use hydrogen to measure or to as your carrier gas and set up the helium, which has been really nice pickup in the GC/MS space. And as Mike also alluded to, I think we are seeing a lot of opportunity in the Advanced Materials side, particularly in the lithium battery side, where we both see our spectroscopy portfolio combined with the GC, GC/MS is completely or really addressing some of the challenges there. And actually on top of that, you have LC that is a part of that equation as you also want to look at electrolytes in batteries. So I think we continue to see a lot of opportunities in Advanced Materials, but particularly for the GC, GC/MS side.
