Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. As Mike stated, we are very pleased with our Q4 and full year performance, both well over the high-end of our guidance. We delivered core revenue growth of 5.8% and 6.7% ,respectively; and our operating margin was up 80 basis points and 130 basis points, respectively. Just as importantly, we reached the goal set in March 2014 to achieve 22% operating margin adjusted for income from Keysight in fiscal year 2017. Our full year EPS at $2.36 is 19% higher than the previous year. Our operating cash flow for the full year at $889 million is $39 million above the increased guidance provided last quarter and $96 million or 12% higher than fiscal year 2016, reflecting a strong overall performance. CapEx spending was $176 million, lower than our initial guidance of $200 million as some CapEx related to our new Nucleic Acid facility was pushed into fiscal year 2018. Turning to capital returns for the year, we paid $170 million in dividends and repurchased $194 million worth of shares. I’ll now turn to the guidance for fiscal year 2018. Although we are comfortable with the present revenue and EPS consensus estimate, we believe as we did in fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017 that it is appropriate to have a cautious first guidance of the year. Our fiscal year 2018 revenue guidance of $4.72 billion to $4.74 billion corresponds to a core revenue growth of 4% to 4.5%. It is based on the October 31st exchange rates, and currency has a 1.3% positive impact on revenues. We project fiscal year 2018 adjusted operating margin of 22.2% to 22.7% and fiscal year 2018 EPS of $2.50 to $2.56, growing 7% at midpoint. If market conditions and our performance continue as strong as we are presently seeing, we stand ready to reflect the ongoing strength as we set quarterly guidance in the future. As you update your models for fiscal year 2018, please consider the following 10 points. First, annual salary increases will be effective December 31, 2017. Second, stock-based compensation will be about $72 million. As we frontload the recognition of stock-based compensation, the Q1 expense will be about $31 million. Third, depreciation is projected to be $101 million for the fiscal year. Fourth, the non-GAAP effective tax rate is projected to remain at 18%. Fifth, we plan to pay $192 million in dividends, as the Board just approved a dividend increase of 13%. Over the last three years, we will have increased our dividend by nearly 50%. Sixth, as for buybacks, we registered 10b5-1 in September that includes two tranches with the maximum overall spend of $380 million. The first tranche is to ensure the repurchase of 2.7 million shares with daily execution throughout the year, to maintain our diluted share count at about 326 million shares on average for the year. The second tranche as in the previous years is opportunistic. Seventh, for purpose of our EPS guidance, we have assumed the diluted share count of 326 million, i.e. we have assumed that the opportunistic tranche does not get triggered. Eighth, net interest expense is forecasted at $59 million, and other income at $14 million. Ninth, we expect operating cash flow of $970 million and capital expenditures of $200 million, which includes about $110 million to complete the new nucleic acid factory that will be operational in 2019. And tenth, the projected tax rate and cash flow exclude any impact from the potential U.S. tax reform. Finally, moving to the guidance for our first quarter. We expect Q1 revenues of $1.145 billion to $1.165 billion, and EPS of $0.55 to $0.57. At midpoint, revenue will grow 5.25% year-over-year on the core basis and EPS will grow 6%. At customary, Q1 EPS is negatively impacted by the December salary increase, the strong loading of stock-based compensation, and the increase in payroll taxes due to the disbursement of the variable and incentive pay of the previous year. With that, I will turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: No, API had no -- the Nucleic Acid facility had no impact there. No, we just -- as we did last year at the same time, are cautious overall and have an operating margin that ties with our cautious revenue growth for the guidance. So, it’s consistent and hopefully we did the way, we did last year.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. So, we’re guiding to try probably mid-single-digit growth or 5ish next year for chemical, as I mentioned in my -- in energy, as I mentioned in my call script. We’re pretty confident about the first half and on a wait and see for the second half.
Didier Hirsch: I think our strategy all along has been a balanced capital allocation policy, and part of that has been to continue to find ways to return cash to our shareholders and part of that formula for us has been increase in the cash dividends, up almost 50% over the last three. So, no read through on the M&A.. I think this is as more, I think a validation of our doing what we say we’re going to do.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. And just, if -- we are very consistent, as Mike said, with what we stated last year. In fact, it’s amazing, because last year we provided our first guidance with 4 to 4.5%, exactly like this year in core revenue growth, and 50 basis points improvement in operating margin, which is same thing as this year. We ended by beating our operating margin first guidance by 80 basis points to 22%. And obviously…
Didier Hirsch: Yes. As Mike stated, we do want to have a very balanced capital deployment policy, which we presented to the Board, both to support organic growth via CapEx to support inorganic growth, so to support business as well as dividends and buybacks. So, $380 million with the big chunk of that being automatic since -- in line with our balanced capital deployment policy.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. And if they would be more opportunistic as part of the U.S. tax reform to repatriate more cash, our intent would be to allocate it under the similar fashion and to maintain our present policy.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. Overall, we had our slowest growth, I would say for ‘18 which would be along academic and government, and environmental and forensics around 3%, and then the most important growth would be in diagnostics and clinical, not exactly the DGG, 6%; and the rest is in between so, you have chemical and energy…
Didier Hirsch: Yes. And guidance by group, obviously DGG has a lot of overlap but not only with diagnostics and clinical.
Didier Hirsch: No. We look at the M&A on the standalone basis, so based on how much value we can create through those programs. We clearly are not limited by, for example, how much cash flow we will have left over from what we generate during the year. In any case, if it is U.S. M&A and there is a tax reform, we’ll have to borrow to fund the acquisitions. But, we have much larger financial capabilities in terms of M&A, and the number that you are quoting. And we have a very, very significant pipeline, all three presidents on a regular basis, present to Mike and me whole set of potential acquisitions. And that’s beyond the number that -- in terms of the number that you’re quoting -- you have quoted.
Didier Hirsch: It goes into outside of the U.S. The issue that we have dealt with on an ongoing basis is that we -- most of the cash that we generate, we generate outside of the U.S. So, if we intend to spend it in the U.S. -- and it is true that if we only spend “$380 million” this year and buy back, we still have opportunities the Board gave us back in May of 2015, larger allowance to use our three years. So, we do have an opportunity there to spend more money on buyback. But if we do that, it will have, it will be funded through increasing U.S. debt.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. There was a little bit of an impact. And I think as everyone who -- each of our competitors who is operating in India has also identified a slowdown due to the fact that customers and companies are just linked to the new agreement. And we think over the next few months, it will build -- the business will return to normal.
Mike McMullen: No. In fact, that’s why we went on our way to give you some additional detail in this call, because fundamentals in pharma are still very strong. And then, the biopharma segment in particular has been a continued area of really strong growth for us, and we called that out in our script as well.
Mike McMullen: And I guess also that Tycho very much like last year, I made the comment that the management team continues to have a goal on operating margin that is higher than the guide that we just gave you.
Mike McMullen: No, I think we’re really quite pleased with our ability to execute. I think three years ago when we laid out -- I think it was pretty audacious goal at the time to do 410 basis points. And you saw us through -- those following three years, how we through a constant drumbeat of execution were able to deliver on that 410 basis points. We have had same operational discipline today, it still exists and exists going forward. So, we have a whole series of plans inside the Company continue to sustain this ability to improve the operating margins. As you know, we’ve indicated at our prior AID that would be greater than 22 and this guide is consistent with that. But we’re quite confident in ability to hit the guide that Didier just gave you.
Mike McMullen: Yes. We’ve been talking on the rate scenario, about a percent of the outstanding shares, and that clearly would represent that. And then, as we mentioned earlier, our continued primary focus for the use of the cash and the strength of our balance sheet is invest in the business, either through M&A we think that makes sense, the right valuation; and then, as you know, we are investing fairly heavily on the CapEx side right now. 
Mike McMullen: 2018 will be a year of investment. But, as you go out in the next few years, you can see reasons why we think we can continue to improve the effectiveness of our R&D investments as well as continue to lower our cost of sales. We are investing to make it happen. It’s not just hope and a prayer.
Mike McMullen: Yes, happy to provide additional insights, Doug. So, the first piece is that of the 5% decline, we saw in Q4 2017 over Q3 2016, 1 percentage point of that came from NASD. The second piece of it is, will we expect to have the revenue show up in Q1 and Q2, yes, absolutely. So, these tend to have a three to four-month cycle from order to revenue. And like I said earlier, we don’t typically talk about orders, but we wanted to make sure that we make clear that the pharma business remains quite solid for Agilent and we have a nice backlog.
Mike McMullen: I think it’s a very similar kind of story you’ve heard from us in the past. I think you’ll start to see increasing levels of direct contribution of that product to our top-line revenues. As you know, in the past, we’ve also talked about the halo effect it’s had on all the aspects, or I guess from a targeted portfolio as our product is just reinforced, who is the leader by far in this space. So, a lot of the growth in the chemical and energy space is being fueled by gas chromatography sales. So, we expect it to be a continually larger contributor to our growth. And as you know, that’s -- we’ve got our guide outside of the clinical diagnostics market. We have chemical and energy as our second strongest market next year in terms of our initial thinking for overall growth rate. And Intuvo is expected to be a contributor there.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I would just reemphasize a few points I made in my call script. By the way, I talked about in my narrative, kind of remind everyone that last year things turned out -- we’re just super pleased with how this year progressed, but there was some uncertainty last year. And things don’t always turn out exactly how you think, that’s why we’re taking a sort of wait and see, as it relates to the second half of the year for the Company. I think the two areas to keep an eye on, a little bit growth rates in Europe sustain at these unexpected levels we’ve seen over the last quarters and the other one is chemical and energy. So, I think those are the two watch ones for you to keep an eye on in terms of where the upside could be, if those growth rates continue at the same rate we’ve seen the past few quarters.
Mike McMullen: Sure, Tim, happy to provide perspectives. First of all, I would actually characterize a little bit differently. I wouldn’t characterize it as a pharma issue. For the last 12 to 18 months, we have been calling this. We have been saying that when we think about the pharma market, think about two segments, small molecule and large molecule. Large molecule biopharma, very, very strong, continue to be very strong. There are still investments going on in the small molecule side but we’ve been saying that there is going to be a slowing of a growth rate because you get to the difficult compares and investment levels aren’t going to keep increasing at those 15%, 19% kind of growth rates. So, we actually don’t see it as a pharma issue at all. This is actually developing exactly as we had bought. That’s why I mentioned earlier that our full year guide last year had us 6%. And Didier I think we ended up pretty much close on 6% for the year. And then, there is some good fundamentals. I mean, there is the NASD business, which you know is batch based. We know that the demand is there for 2018. We’ve got very good demand for mass spec products in the pharma space. And then, if you look at the numbers, our ACG business continues to be strong, both on the services and consumables side. So, we actually don’t see pharma as an issue. We see it as continued area of strength for the Company. But we’ve been signaling for some time that there will be some moderation of overall growth rates in this segment, primarily because obviously of large numbers and difficult compares.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Good afternoon, Paul. Right on schedule. So, just as a reminder, the plan has been to complete the construction in our 2018 and then move into validation process, which is probably 9 to 12 months, we think Jacob. But then, we’re looking at maybe second half 2019 back half is when we start to see some revenue coming out of that facility. And just as a reminder, the first, a full year capacity would add approximately $100 million of revenue to the Company. It’s really quite an impressive new facility we’re building, I had a chance to visit. And the construction is moving on quite well and we’re now into the final phases. So, we have a much better view of -- and confidence if you will in terms of the timeline. So, it’s a very unique facility, but we’re getting pretty close to the end. So, we have a high degree of confidence on the timeline.
Mike McMullen: Yes, absolutely, Paul. So, what we had said was a slight moderation I think in the 4% to 5% for next year.
Mike McMullen: No. The main reason there is a slight downward movement in terms of the outlook is really just based on the small molecule side of that segment that we’ve always felt that that’s what will continue, but not at the high double digit rate. So, this is more a question of really tough compares. The overall fundamentals are really solid. The comments around Europe really had to do with the timing of why we believe that we’ll have the kind of numbers we talked about in pharma next year, because there could be some questions raised, right, which is minus 5% Q4, 2017, there; is there something fundamentally a concern there. And we’ve gone out of our way in this call and really tried indicate no. And in fact, the order backlog is quite solid in the number of product categories which we’ve not yet seen revenues for, and that we’ve been thinking this is exactly how the market would develop. So, this is not at all surprise to us.
Mike McMullen: It did have some impact on the pharma reported numbers, because we’re heavily weighted towards pharma in India. But we didn’t want to give you a whole -- of all kinds of details. But that did have some impact on our Q4 pharma results, although the business is coming.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Steve, I’m glad you asked that question, because as you know the creation of the Agilent CrossLab Group was on the major initiatives that came out with three years ago. And I can remember the time when we got off to a really good start, is it sustainable. And I think you’ve seen Mark and the team have been able to deliver high single digit growth for quarter in, quarter out. I think it really speaks to the power of the value prop to the customers.
Mike McMullen: Patrick, thanks for the questions. I’m glad you noticed that our Q1 revenue guide is higher than our full year guide at this point in time. And clearly, the pharma order to revenue conversion is part of the story. But I think just a greater story here, which is momentum in all three of the businesses. And that’s why we wanted to reflect it in our Q1 guides. Listen, we don’t know right now how the second half of the year will play out. But, we’ve got a good feel for the first -- next quarter too. And that’s why you’ve seen us guide higher than our full year core growth guide. So, Didier, I think this is departure from last year where when we actually guided lower in Q1 2017. So, pharma is part of that, but is not the exclusive part. I mean, this European mass spec story is part of that, but not the exclusive story for strength of our Q1 guide.
Mike McMullen: Thanks for this question as well. So, you may recall, last year, Q4 2017, we had 27% growth in China and 27% growth in what is our second largest market. We had been calling for a 10% growth for the full year, for China. And that’s exactly where we landed. So, we’re super pleased again with how the China business has developed over the year, right according to plan. Key contributor to growth and 10% growth this year for the full year off a very difficult compare, we are really quite pleased with result. So going into 2018, we’re expecting us to be in that – continue to be in that high-single-digit growth rate for China. So, continue to be an important contributor to the Company’s growth.
Mike McMullen: I think -- first, I’d say, the transformation is probably never done. What we’ve done is we hit some milestones for the Company, because we put out some three-year goals for the company. I think what I’d ask you to think about is, we believe that we will continue to grow earnings above revenue. We believe that we will continue to outgrow the market and our operating margin expansion track will continue. We’ve been very deliberate in terms of how we’ve improved our operating margins. And I think as Jacob kind of hit on this as well, which is we haven’t done anything that will compromise our ability to grow long-term. And I think that’s served us well. So, we’ve been taking cost out and improving our operations over the last several years. And we’ve been doing it in such a manner that has allowed us to really continue to sustain our growth. And then, I think the foundation of this company is set for continued outperformance. So, I would just say that way I ask you think about the Company is a company that can generate earnings growth faster than revenue growth and that whatever market environment that we encounter, we’ll be able to outgrow the competition. And we have this whole constant improvement we call our Agile Agilent program inside the Company, which is a mindset of continued process improvement. So, we think we are going to continue to be able streamline the Company and improve operating margin. We haven’t however put out as you know three-year long-term goals beyond the fact that we’re going to do better each year.
Mike McMullen: No, I think, if you look at comments, we’re all kind of looking -- try to say that’s probably not the biggest driver, I would look at PMI. And I think, PMI is a better indicator of the overall growth in our chemical and energy business. Clearly, price of oil has some impact, but PMI is a major driver; there is a very high correlation. So if the trends will continue, then we’re probably in good shape in the second half, but we’ll have to see.
Patrick Kaltenbach: You’re absolutely right. We see now really the pent-up demand is kicking in and we see the replacement, we see replacement coming as expected.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Thanks Mike and thanks for the positive comment on the new product. So, the focus of this program is really on improving R&D efficiency and new product introduction. The efficiencies that we will implement a new product lifecycle management tool, which takes really a lot of the manual processes we still have today, make sure that we’re in full compliance also on medical device side as we bring more and more products from neonatal [ph] business into clinical environment. And with this, focus on improving the tools and processes, we are really shooting for much higher throughput from our R&D program that we have potential [ph]. We are really pleased with the work we have and I would say we are definitely positioned well to continue capture market share by bringing more of these breakthrough products to the market like we did last year, as we did [ph], Ultivo product, [indiscernible], you name it. There is a whole suite of new products out there. We have a strong pipeline and I think it was time for us to update tools and processes in R&D as well and new product introduction, make sure that we get the best efficiency possible out of our engineering group.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Thanks. Actually very good question. When we launched the Ultivo, we really launched it with a perspective that we want to dominate what we call the routine applications out there. And we are going first for food and environmental spaces, given the mass range the product has. It is a product that is really tailored towards ease of use and meeting the sensitivity needs that you mentioned as well for the targeted applications. I think this product will display a lot of strength in other areas as well. So, we will extend the range around Ultivo going forward. But when you talk about the overall strategy for LCMS, we are not entirely focused just on the routine markets. As you know, we have launched a bio[ph] solution very successfully which drives a lot of growth in the biopharma market as well. So, with both playing in triple quad as well as top [ph] space where we think there we have plenty of opportunity to still gain market share. And to Mike’s comment on strong R&D pipeline, LCMS is clearly one of the big bets we have in the Company, very heavily investing in R&D.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Thank you for that. And I see, as 2017 was strong, I continue to see also that 2018 is going to be strong, actually across all our five divisions, and you start out with Multiplicom. We have now integrated Multiplicom into Agilent infrastructure. So, we can now really take the full advantage of Agilent’s reach. So, I’m pretty pleased and I’m expecting a lot out of Multiplicom in 2018. But I see that also very much in a combination with our old technologies. We will of course continue to invest into the [indiscernible] which is the former [indiscernible] platform, combining our bioinformatics pipeline with our strong presence in target enrichment, Multiplicom being one but clearly also SureSelect and HaloPlex, that we speak a lot to the genomics. And our whole strategy will continue to be to move into the clinic and build a full workflow around our offering here. We continue to see strong growth in the pathology business where PD-L1 has been a great success story. But, really, also on this platform, it’s having a lot of momentum. So, I also continue to see a lot of traction in that space. And then, obviously, the NASD business, we see a lot of tailwind there. We are -- we will continue to be really limited by our capacities. Really pleased to see that announcements coming out in the market about the RNAi drugs getting close to commercialization and we start to see a lot of interest by lot of other pharma companies out there. So, I see a lot of opportunities in the space and good future productivity.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. I would say, we have a very good relationship with Lasergen, and I I’m very pleased to see the Lasergen team and our Agilent come together. And as you might recall, we are not only get to develop an instrument but full workflow. So, what’s very important is that the teams work together, both for the instrument, but also for the full solution. So, the whole workflow works together. And I see that -- that we have very good momentum here and things are moving forward according to our expectations.
Jacob Thaysen: I’d say that I am very proud of the team of what we delivered over the three years, of 700 basis points improvements with the CAGR of 8% over last three years growth. That is a very impressive turnaround of a business. We will continue to look at expansions. But, I can tell you that we don’t want to go with the same rate we have done over the last few years. We think -- we are out there with industry, with the average of industry and obviously we’ll continue to improve. But we will also make sure that we invest into the business going forward.
Jacob Thaysen: I will say that all our IHC and PD-L1 is automated on one platform or the other. And we obviously have the strategy of having PD-L1 automated on both of our platforms going forward. The same on FISH, the Omnis platform was built primarily IHC but also for the FISH assays. And it’s actually automated on -- the FISH is automated on Omnis today. So, you can actually do that already today.
