Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. As Mike stated, we delivered another strong performance this quarter and year-to-date. For the quarter, our core revenue growth of 4.3% was in line with our guidance, and we over delivered on operating margin and earnings per share. Our core revenue growth would have been more than 1 percentage point higher if not for ICP-MS shipment delays and the recently announced reorganization of Chinese government ministries. Our adjusted operating margin of 21.9% was 40 basis points above the implied guidance, and EPS of $0.65 was $0.03 above. Further adjusting for currency, the operating margin was 22.4%, i.e. 30 basis points above last year and as highlighted by Mike, represented our 13th quarter of increased year-over-year operating margin. We delivered $303 million in operating cash flow. During the quarter, we bought back 674,000 shares of Agilent stock for a total of $46 million and paid $48 million in dividends. I'll now cover the guidance of fiscal year 2018. We are maintaining our core revenue growth guidance of 5.5% even as we anticipate that the reorganization of Chinese government ministries may push out about $20 million of revenues into fiscal year '19. We are also maintaining our EPS guidance of $2.65 while absorbing $22 million or $0.06 for FX and our technology investments in Lasergen and Genohm. Regarding Lasergen, we forecast to spend $15 million this second half and about $35 million in both fiscal year '19 and fiscal year '20 when we plan to commercialize our solution. There is no change to our operating cash flow guidance of $1.05 billion and CapEx guidance of $200 million. I'll now turn to the guidance for our third quarter. We expect Q3 revenues of $1.185 billion to $1.205 billion and EPS of $0.61 to $0.63. At midpoint, revenue will grow 4.3% on a core basis. With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: There's a little bit of the, certainly, FX and the rest is on the acquisition front. You're absolutely right.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. Because it hasn't closed, we have not included it at all in our guidance projections. We will only do that once it closes.
Didier Hirsch: We've provided the outlook. The guidance is for 7%. We used to have 10% in the previous quarter guidance. So we are now at 7%.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, let me take that one, Ross. It's -- you are absolutely correct. The Lunar New Year was -- impact was obviously already reflected in our guidance as well as the very tough compare. Remember that last year, we had 9% core revenue growth; and the year before, 8%; and also the fact that last year, we had $7 million of settlement with our -- within our DGG organization. What is new versus the previous guidance are the shipment delays on ICP-MS and the reorganization of the Chinese government ministries. So only those 2 factors, which take away about 1 percentage point of our growth, we have not included in our previous guidance.
Didier Hirsch: And yes, it's interesting. The impact of mostly currency on both the top line and the gross margin is fairly significant. So you are absolutely right. When you look at our unadjusted operating margins, reported operating margins incremental in Q1 and Q2, they were, respectively, 32% and 20%. If you adjust for currency and a little bit -- but that's very minor for acquisition. But on a core basis, you get to 36% for Q1 and 34% for Q2, so very much in line with our model. So it is mostly the impact of currency. And what happens there is that with the weakening of the dollar, it increases the numerator -- the denominator, sorry, which is the revenue. And it has negative impact because of the hedging policy on the numerator, which is the margin. So all in all, if you adjust for that, you get back to our model regarding core operating margin incremental. We have some data in our annex, I think, we've published. Or anyway, if you want, I can take you through the details, but that's basically the impact.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. So in terms of pharma, Mike mentioned that we are raising our full year pharma outlook and we are raising it from 5% to 6%, so slightly raising it. And in terms of the impact of currency, you're mentioning the $6 million and that's the impact for the full year. Precise number is $5.4 million. And it's a negative headwind that comes from mostly translation impact offset by some gains due to our hedging. So it's the net of the two and continues to basically offset whatever direct impact you have from the translation.
Didier Hirsch: By instrument, they would have bought instrument in - with one week less in a quarter but - whereas for service consumables, we are really - those are lost days.
Didier Hirsch: So I'll take the first question, yes. You are absolutely correct, Steve. And part of that is the higher interest -- higher yields, higher interest income, more cash available. But I must say that part of it is also that our previous forecast was extremely conservative.
Didier Hirsch: A little bit of everything really. I mean, it's really when you sort out the part that comes from DGG, that's a positive and it's offset by about two points related to everything else, so the refurbished business but even a little bit of service and consumables, a little bit of instruments, a little bit of everything, [indiscernible] has any significance. But altogether, it took away two points of growth in clinical and diagnostics.
Michael McMullen: Yes, sure. As you may know, they have these two big annual sessions they call -- I won't read out the full abbreviation, but the NPC, the National People's Congress, and the CPPCC, which they had these two annual events. And after those events occurred, on March 21, they announced the reorganization of the ministries. And where we came of the estimate of about a year was based on our experience in 2014 and '15 when there was a similar reorganization within the CFDA and we saw a pause of six to nine months of business during that period of time. And we're using that as a similar rule of thumb. It's very consistent with the estimates on our teams. So - and I can remember we, on the earnings call at that time, are saying, listen, the businesses are not going away, but we know that there will be a pause at least on new instrument purchases as they work through all the changes. So that's our - that's a guideline. Of course, legacy will be shorter, but we wanted to be somewhat cautious on our outlook given our prior experience with the major, major changes such as this. The change on the environmental side is much less significant and should have a shorter-term impact.
Michael McMullen: Yes, Tycho, you hit it right on the head. It's just the timing. That business can be a little bit more lumpy, but we're actually positive on the overall funding of academia and government. So I wouldn't over-read into that quarterly result. And of course, we also had the shortened period of business in China, which also affected that a bit as well in academia and government.
Michael McMullen: Yes, thanks, Tycho. I mean, the numbers were solid. I mean, we had 5% growth off of a really difficult compare, but there's some kind of noise in the system particularly in the U.S. Business is good, but it could have even been more robust. And I think there's this -- as you know, business doesn't like uncertainty. And there's lots of uncertainty, what's going to happen in terms of trade policies and tariffs. And so I just -- we thought it's prudent to mention that it didn't affect materially the results, but the noise is out there although we, as you can see in our guide, we still remain very confident of our ability to grow this year in chemical and energy. And I know we're going to talk a bit about China today as well, but that's one segment of the China market that is really, really strong. And we can expect goodwill there for years to come. But again, we just thought it was good to share with the audience what we've been hearing from some of our customers.
Michael McMullen: Yes, it's ramping, as we said. It's part of the story there, but we still have a lot more runway with that product.
Michael McMullen: Look, for some of the visibility [ph] in the market in 2020, I'll wait later on for that, Sam, right? Okay.
Michael McMullen: Yes. We'll give you some more detailed information in the analyst meeting in June. But I think it has been that our core business will continue to follow the incremental growth in terms of margin expansion you've seen over the prior years. So this is a dilutive acquisition for us, but we think we can carry this forward. And we'll share all the details with you when we meet in June but -- and again, our core model of continuing to expand the operating margins with incrementals is intact.
Michael McMullen: Sure, I'll take that one. So I think the chemical and energy market continues to offer the biggest upside for the business. So we've already raised the outlook in pharma, and maybe we could do that again. But I think both the big end markets for the -- for Agilent are very solid with potential upside in chemical and energy. And that's why I mentioned the -- some of the noise. So as soon as we can get some clarity on trade policy, I think that will -- really will calm things down. And if that happens fairly soon, I think it would be really good news for us in this space. So I think the chemical and energy market offers the biggest upside for us. And then although we're trying to take a very objective outlook on China, maybe the -- it's always hard to predict how quickly these things happen. We painted what we think as sort of, if you will, a longer tail scenario, but we could actually find a move through the process much more quickly. So I think that might be an area where you could see some upside relative to our guide assumptions.
Michael McMullen: Well, no, it's actually part of the China story. So it's actually about -- what, about $10 million, I think, or so? About $10 million. So we...
Michael McMullen: $7 million, $8 million, close to $10 million. So I would like to round up a bit, as you can tell. But that was just a byproduct of the product is hot right now. So we're -- we just had a really, really high backlog. And as you may know -- I think you know this already, Ross. Particularly in China, you have to get an IVL license to get the products through the approval [Technical Difficulty] government. So that took a little bit longer. And I think, Didier, we've already shipped those this quarter.
Michael McMullen: So it would have been nice -- I mean, for this, recall it would been nice we got them in last quarter but I think it is...
Michael McMullen: Yes, it's in the bag for the quarter. It's already been shipped and booked. But again, it was this more of a backlog issue because we've been seeing such strong growth particularly in China for ICP-MS.
Michael McMullen: Thanks. I'm glad we had a chance to be able to point to other members of the team for a couple of questions. I'm actually going to pass this over to Jacob in your old role. And what I would just say, to start things off, is we just completed recently a review of the factory build-out in February. And I think we have the latest information. So Jacob, if you wouldn't mind taking those two questions.
Michael McMullen: Great question. So the first one, I think we saw nothing out of the ordinary in chemical and energy. The only thing I would contact, I mean, in terms -- I mean, comment on would be, again, chemical and energy grew in China but not as much as it normally would grow just given the shorter period of time. But chemical and energy looks fine to the whole quarter, nothing out of the ordinary. And I think there's probably a case in May that it's a little less cyclical just because of the fact that there's a lot more pent-up in aged equipment than it was when we started the cycle three or five years ago. So I think it is the more -- a more cyclical business for us, but I think to some degree, I can't handicap it. But directionally, I would say it is a little bit less cyclical than it has been in the past.
Michael McMullen: No, no, no. We were just trying to show kind of like a normalized growth rate, what it looked like, for the quarter. And you're exactly right, the $10 million, just because the customers weren't in the office or in the lab for that day. Clearly, the business will come back. And I think that makes the CrossLab number that we report even more impressive because we delivered double-digit growth with that effect. So in a normal quarter, we've had a much higher reported growth. And Doug, if you don't mind, while we're on China, there's -- I think there's a report -- I know we're going to spend -- there's a lot of focus, rightfully so, in the call about what's happened in the food segment and the market in China. I think it's important though, the overall dynamics of the China market where we play, for example, pharma, academia and government, chemical and energy. I was just in China two weeks ago speaking firsthand to our customers at Sinopec. So those markets are still very robust, and we can expect a lot of growth from them in the coming years. So again, I think it's also important to kind of think about the overall context of the China market. We know there's been a lot of puts and takes this quarter with Lunar New Year and this reorganization of the ministries. So happy to answer any additional question you might have on China as well.
Michael McMullen: Yes, that's a little bit tougher for us. So that's why we were hesitant to put something out. We count the days...
Michael McMullen: That's probably somewhat of a fair assumption. I think that what Didier and I are trying to do is we try to guide in a way that will accommodate if we have a surprise or two. And look at what happened this quarter. We were able to beat our EPS guide and the consensus on the EPS side, but we hadn't seen the ICP-MS shipment delays or the reorganization of the Chinese food ministries. So we're able to accommodate those within the guide. So that's our philosophy. And I think we're hoping to be able to set up the second half so, if something else would happen to occur that we hadn't seen coming, that there's room in there for us to absorb it.
Michael McMullen: Beyond the fact that we can tell you that the pacing of the orders was nothing unusual beyond, I think, maybe discussing specific to chemical and energy, Doug, but I think your comment about some of the orders taking a little bit longer in the U.S. because, okay, let's see where this thing -- where lands. So I think that's -- I could comment on cycle time to order close in the U.S.
Michael McMullen: No, no, no. And the earlier question was, "Hey, Mike, where do you think your upside could be to your plan?" I think it is chemical and energy. So...
Michael McMullen: By the way, I'll pass that to you, Jacob, as well. But just a reminder or 2, when we look -- I think called out in my script, but when we look at the growth rates of our DGG business relative to the Q2 last year, it's probably about a 3-point effect given we had order cancellation that was booked all in -- around NASD business in Q2 and that -- on a normalized basis, DGG growth would have been 7% in Q2. So with that, Jacob, if you could just add some thoughts on the genomics side.
Michael McMullen: Yes, Jacob, if you don't mind, I'll take this one as well. So actually, the market has been fairly stable. We haven't really seen any major moves of significance by any of the competitors. And then for us, this is such an important new offering for us because we're not yet the leader in this space. So it's not an installed base replacement marketplace. This is actually a market expansion play for us. And again, we're playing to -- one of our strength is really to provide tools to the routine market where they want robust, reliable instrumentation that gets the job done. And that's really what we're -- we do quite well in addition to providing leading-edge technologies for the research side of the business.
Michael McMullen: Catherine, if you don't mind, hold on for a second. Didier is pulling out his calculator. My guess is -- I think it's probably a little bit heavier weighted relative to the global average in Asia.
Michael McMullen: 5%, 5-ish plus, so mid-singles. So - and we're actually quite bullish on academia and government, Paul. The Agilent team -- and we've gotten sort of our active owner, if you will, a couple of years ago really refocusing on how we sell into academia. We have a company-wide academia program. And like I said earlier, the funding conditions we see are more favorable than they were a year ago. So we think this combination of improved Agilent capabilities and funding environment bode well for continued strength throughout the year. And again, I wouldn't over-interpret the Q2 result.
Michael McMullen: And then relative to, Steve, your question on the Ultivo. So if you remember, the initial value proposition, which was the [power of the tiger], this high-performance instrument in a very small footprint and easy-to-use instrumentation, rugged. So -- and it's stackable. So that value proposition, which we thought would resonate with customers but you're never 100% sure until you actually get product out in the market. So -- and as you can imagine, very much like we've seen with the Intuvo, which is -- it's so different that often, customers are saying this really works as advertised. And yes, it's working as advertised. So I think what's been happening here is the value proposition we thought around the new workflow for the customer, now we've been able to prove that it actually performs as intended. We've really been getting a nice uptake. And again, I think this goes to our ability to really understand what it is that customers want and really how to help them with their -- both their science but also the business operation side of their lab.
Michael McMullen: No. We think about $5 million or so is what we estimated in Q2 and then the other $15 million in the second half.
Michael McMullen: And we highlighted in the call just because there hasn't been any new market development. I think what's been going on, though, is just the capacity is coming out of the system.
Michael McMullen: Yes. Puneet, thanks for the great question. And I think what you may have been referring to was the value line of new consumables and chemistry products we introduced specifically for China. What I'm going to do is have Mark maybe make a few comments to that, and I'll double back and provide you some commentary on instrumentation as well.
Michael McMullen: But to your question about the -- thanks, Mark. The question around the composition of instrumentation, I think you still expect to be very heavily focused on mass spec, which is the tool of choice in food safety analysis and also food authorization. So whether it be GC/MS, ICP-MS, LC/MS, there is a growing market for routine instrumentation, still high-quality instrumentation but less features. And that's what we've been doing with our -- primarily our chromatography portfolio on the GC and LC and molecular and spectroscopy [indiscernible] spectroscopy side to build out that for routine. But relative to food safety, we think there's going to be a very heavy demand for mass spec. But again, it has to be -- what we're seeing, as the business starts to migrate into the Tier 3, 2 -- Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, you really need to make sure you have an instrument that's robust and easy to use, which has been our design back there. By the way, I think we -- I should have commented earlier, too, which was the dynamics of the food market are changing in China as well as who buys. So we've been focusing a lot on the government agencies, but we're also starting to see more and more testing push to third-party contract testing labs, where the Chinese government say, listen, we're not going to pay for everything ourselves and fund and build all the labs. So that also could be -- I talked earlier about the give and takes in the market and potential upside, which is dependent on how quickly these -- the volume shift from some of the centralized labs into the contract testing labs. That could bode well for us because we're a really strong player in these areas. Again, we want to see how things shape -- shake out here over the next few months before we actually call that's what's happening. But I think it's important to understand that dynamic as well because even though we've been through a major ministry reorganization like this a couple of years ago, the trend towards more testing done in third-party private labs is new.
Michael McMullen: You mean earnings? If I think -- I'm going to go to the second question. If I understood correctly, if we were to do an acquisition larger than we've done so far, we would do an accretive deal. So we would not be doing large technology -- or acquisitions of companies that weren't profitable or marginally profitable. So my model works and I can bring in like a technology acquisition, and we'll go through some of the details with you in a few weeks. But the model works. I could bring in a technology acquisition on Lasergen, but don't assume that's sort of our norm. We actually -- we prefer to do bolt-on that have revenues and profit. And the -- we're going to -- we're open to larger bolt-ons. I would just leave it at this. We want to make sure that we want to -- we're still, I think, quite disciplined with our -- with the use of our cash, and we use the standard financial metrics on how we look at returns. But I think the biggest thing -- the biggest takeaway I'd like to share with you is that we really want to do deals that are in the areas that we know. So don't look for us to do what I would consider transformational deals where we're often in a space where we don't know the customer base, we don't know the markets and we don't -- really don't know the business as well as we should. So we want to stay in a place in the markets where we know quite well.
Michael McMullen: Usually, it's a -- great question. Usually, it's fairly sensitive to movements in prices, and we've seen in the past where we're completely shut off. I'd say that that's why -- that's sort of behind my earlier question. You may have teased it out of my response, which was -- you would have expected this exploration piece to pop even faster in the U.S. than it has been. It's not down like it was before but -- and that's why we're saying, okay, there's some noise for some of our customers. Matter of fact, I was just reading an article today in a journal about some of the -- some of our customers in the -- in this area, they're trying to figure out what is all this hire. I get my stuff. My aluminum pipe comes in from a country in Europe, and I've got to fill all these forms with the U.S. government. I'm not really sure what's going on. So that's what -- that's the kind of stuff that I was talking about earlier. So long story short, he should -- they should respond pretty quickly to changes in oil prices when the changes are dramatic. We haven't seen it as robustly as we would have thought in the United States given the movements in oil prices, and we're trading to the best of our ability to what's the noise in the market right now around trade.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely. So thanks for that. And again, a reminder that we see a very strong market in the NASD business, the nucleic acid solutions for API business. And so we're very confident that we will have a -- continue to have strong growth. And as you also reminded ourselves about this, Steve, is that we are in a situation where we have more demand than we have capacity. So we are now building out and we've done that for a few quarters now but building, and it's very impressive to see the site coming along out in Frederick out -- close to the Boulder site. And we're still progressing according to our plan, and we'll expect to have products coming out here in basically a year from now.
Jacob Thaysen: The PD-L1. So PD-L1 on the IHC platform and the question is how is that going to compete against the tumor mutation burden and other genomic assays. And what we see and what we believe is this will be complementary. First of all, most IHC continues to have a growth trajectory. We had a very, very strong penetration over the last 18 months, and we continue to see the growth here. What we believe is that -- and what we can see in the market is that immuno-oncology is just much more complex than probably one marker is giving you information about. So what we believe is and what we can see out there, we can see our customers are using that, the ones that start with TMB, is that they are using both and they will continue to use both markers. So we don't see a business cannibalization. We actually think there's a lot of synergies between the markers.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely. I'm certainly more comfortable in taking that question. But we've actually seen quite a good performance in genomics recently. I think you have seen the overall market perform very well, and we have certainly benefited from that. So we have seen very strong growth in our SureSelect business, especially with the XT HS that came out. I think it's six or nine months ago. And we see very high demand, adoption of that. Now the V7, as Mike mentioned here, just came out some weeks ago. And the good news here is that it's -- we have seen very good feedback from our customers, but we won't -- we haven't really seen it in our numbers yet. So I think actually, that's a good opportunity in front of us with that product also.
Jacob Thaysen: Well, things are going very well. And it's been a while since we announced that deal, but usually, these things take actually some time to implement fully. But we have a very good traction and more of -- half of the instruments has been installed in the sites. And we also start to see the -- a good uptake in the revenue. So we're very pleased with where we are. We're very pleased with the partnership with Quest. We have also seen that business resonated in the market and there are other types -- similar types of accounts that is interested to look into the opportunity.
