Didier Hirsch: To recap the quarter, Q3 revenues adjusted for $10 million of currency headwinds were slightly above the high end of our guidance and EPS was $0.04 above the high end of our guidance as we continue to drive higher efficiency and manufacturing and SG&A as well as enforced strict expense controls. Core orders, which exclude the impact of currency and acquisitions, were down 5% year-over-year, while core revenues decreased 6%. Core orders at EMG were down 15% year-over-year, or down 8% excluding the non-recurring wireless manufacturing test deal of a key account discussed at last quarter's conference call while LDA core orders were up 4%. Within LDA, LSG core orders were up 2%, CAG's up 6% and DGG's up 6%. Core revenues at the EMG were down 16% year-over-year or down 7% excluding the key accounts wireless manufacturing test deal, while LDA core revenues were up 4%. Within LDA, LSG core revenues were up 4%, CAG's up 3% and DGG's, up 7%. By region, core revenues were down in the Americas by 17% and Europe by 3%, but were up in Japan by 9% and the rest of Asia Pacific by 3%. LDA core revenues grew in all regions where EMG's were down in all except Japan. To note, LDA revenues in China were up 21% after 16% growth in Q1 and 14% growth in Q2. Both, EMG and LDA delivered a strong operating margin of over 18% with more potential for margin expansion and increasing operating leverage as the economy picks up steam. Regarding cash, we generated $215 million in operating cash flow. We issued debt of $600 million during the quarter and paid off $250 million notes maturing that quarter. We also spent $681 million on share repurchases. We also spend $681 million on share repurchases. At the end of the quarter, we had net debt position of $315 million. Now turning to the guidance for our fourth quarter, the mid-point of our revenue guidance at $1.71 billion correspond to a year-over-year decline of 1% on a core basis. Made up of a decline of 11% for EMG and a growth of 7% for LDA, including CAG at 6%, LSG at 6% and DGG at 12%, all on a core basis. The mid-point of our EPS guidance at $0.76, represents a sequential increase of $0.08. Finally, the guidance for the full year. The mid-point of our revenue guidance at $6.77 billion is down $30 million from the midpoint of the May guidance, or down $10 million adjusted for changes in currency. EMG is down approximately $20 million, where LDA is up approximately $10 million. At mid-point, we expect EMG revenues to reach $2.89 billion, down 12% on the core basis and LDA $3.88 billion, up 5% on a core basis. Overall, Agilent revenues of $6.77 billion at mid-point will be down 3% on a core basis. Regarding EPS, we are raising the mid-point of our fiscal year 2013 guidance by $0.06 to $2.84. To note, our restructuring plan impacting about 500 employees is on track and most of the $50 million savings would be achieved by the end of Q1 fiscal year 2014. With that, I will turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, and this is Didier. I can add, definitely there is a lot of innovation going into this sector. As you know, there is new challenges because of the spectrometer use and now standards like LT advanced and carrier aggregation and in the wireless networking a lot of new things happening that provides quite some opportunity in R&D and in manufacturing. Our new products portfolio is doing well. We just introduced the wireless connectivity test set that is very focused on testing wireless standards like 802.11ac and now we have received our first orders and now a very strong permanent thing for the future. Then as Peter was saying, we will work obviously at the next generation of platform that you will hear more about later.
Didier Hirsch: Dan, this is Didier. I will take the first part of the question. Yes. Last year, our revenues with that account were about 25% in Q2, 50% Q3 and 25% in Q4. When I provided the guidance for Q4, that EMG would be down 11% on the core basis excluding that account, EMG would be down 6%.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. I may take at least the question on the China mobile discussion that this is obviously something that is very visible. You know that China mobile is in the middle of selecting their supplier, so you have opened a bit of. It is our understanding there is at least nine companies bidding for this and they will decide by end of August to early September who is going to be the winners of that. Obviously, we are very well positioned with all of them. We follow and track this business very closely, but then I still would like to make sure that everybody understands that the size of the opportunity is in my mind more in the $30 million plus or minus $10 million. Again when you think about August, China Mobile has planned to announce to spend about $6.7 billion on this deal. This is before bidding, so we don't know what's the real deal is going to be out of and only half of this volume is going to be really electronics so the rest is going to be buildings and a lot of other supplies and this means when you look at the test side especially with the capacity that is in already in the system and depending who is going to win the opportunity is what I said. So, we are tracking this very closely. On the other side, I think it will also provide us real gross vector for the overall 4G especially in China as we go into 2014 and 2015 and as China developed the 4G network going forward.
Didier Hirsch: We were opportunistic. Obviously, we did raise $600 million in debt. We had initially I mean we said we would count on more than $300 million that will come in November, but because we had that not available and we felt the time was right which was jumped in we still have the $300 million that comes in November as a tax effective cash repatriation similar to last year's $550 million.
Didier Hirsch: I will just add that for all product categories that we have in our portfolio, we have a very strong leading position and I am glad to see that again we keep taking share, in oscilloscopes, for instance as we go forward and the modular program as Bill was mentioning, is going extremely fast and on new applications that really we are into it. So ongoing focus on the core markets where we see growth going forward makes a difference and we will make a difference.
Didier Hirsch: Well, let me start with the second question then on the first. The wireless manufacturing business, as we said, has always been very lumpy and depends on a few set of players. We are a player in this environment. We have a platform that is currently winning and now, as we mentioned earlier, we are working on a new generation of platforms that will allow us to compete even stronger in this marketplace. So clearly we keep focusing there. The core element are still an interest of our future going product line is in the R&D sector. We have an extremely strong set of portfolios from software simulations that goes into R&D up to design validation and conformance testing. We will keep timing of upgrading and updating and adding more solutions into this portfolio to really keep playing our role in wireless full ecosystem from R&D to manufacturing.
Didier Hirsch: The question on tail of the order, we got some orders in Q1 that we shipped in shipped in Q2, so there's is going to be tail, but far smaller than what we had as compared so far
Didier Hirsch: Then Doug to your question, we did have a rising trend of orders across the quarter, so that's the first part of your question. Then in Q4, we have got a little bit of an easy compare as well, so that's why you see the kind of guidance we get so we think we are pretty sound there.
Didier Hirsch: Certainly, within LDA, as I mentioned Europe grew on a core growth basis whereas EMG was down. So that gives you an indication of what markets are and which ones are down.
Didier Hirsch: Okay. This is Didier. I was going to update, the gross margin for DGG really has stayed fairly constant at 60%. It was 60.8% last year in Q3 and Q3, 59.4% so plus 1% point reduction and Lars really explained why the mix played that and basically it withdrew about 1% from the margins, but it's about the same thing of the opening profits, plus 16.2% last year, 14.6% this year. So again a lot of the mix issues that have been raised by Lars.
Bill Sullivan: Yes. Overall, our orders were just slightly a little bit below what we like going in Q4. I don't think there is any particularly alarm, but I have Nick make a couple of comments in terms of what he is seeing in the life science from order perspective.
Bill Sullivan: Then again, I will have Didier make a comment as well but overall, I think the communication mobility is going to continue to be a driver for the electronic measurement business going forward regardless of the one customer deal. We have a very strong product position and I am very, very excited about the products that we have in the pipeline. We are not backing away from this market. We are going to continue to invest market share changes overtime but the underlying essentials of the communications market, particularly in this whole area of mobility, radios and every mobile device, I still think is a great opportunity for the company.
Bill Sullivan: In closing, even though we have some difficult compares due to one issue, we are absolutely committed to this market and we will continue to be a leader in this market and we will continue to invest heavily to ensure that we provide leadership products in the communication market.
Bill Sullivan: You are going to have to wait until the next quarter's earnings call. As you know that's when we currently give our guidance for 2014.
Bill Sullivan: I am going to make a comment and turn it over to Lars but we are very excited where we are going. The markets slowing down, as you said. The good news is that means that we are really close to where the market is, lower number but we are highly competitive. As I said in my notes, we are going to be launching Autostainer which has been the biggest impediment to their growth but what I am also particularly excited about is the Agilent products that are being sold in the clinic and diagnostics. We are a small number, but still a very solid growth in the clinic with the Agilent products. I have just been very pleased with Lars' ability to put the two organizations together and really focus on what I think is going to be an exciting growth opportunity for the company. Lars, why don't you give us some of the details of where you are and obviously comments about the growth rate that Didier noted for our next quarter.
Bill Sullivan: Right now, in terms of our LDA business, as we had indicated both in our core growth rate and forecast for Q4, we are clearly gaining momentum on our LDA business. We had some great momentum, hit the slowdown, our growth rate was at or slightly below market and I think our momentum is going to go back to at or greater than market and again a lot of that, as Lars just described, moving forward and our chemical analysis and life science business, I believe, will have a momentum going forward. As I noted in my notes are progress in the BriC countries and the investment we have made continues to payoff. On the electronic measurement side, as the forecast, as until we get through the tough compares, I think it's an industry that's under a lot of pressure, both from the change in technologies to mobility, the change of who the winners are versus the losers, it is a highly competitive market. As a result of that it's still a tough environment. If you take any sort of macroeconomic improvement sorting out exactly who the winner is going to be on the technology side, the Electronic Measurement of course comes roaring back, so I think that's still a wait and see, LDA is clearly we are gaining momentum as we go into Q4.
Bill Sullivan: Well. The issue that you have in EMG, if you look at historically is that there is a recovery in macro and continued investment in communication and the new product launches we are going to make us successful they tend to do incredibly well and so I think that's what we have to see. Do we see continued strengthening in the world economy, EMG themselves come out with an next round of competitive products and we are able to capitalize on that and you can get a lot of movement of revenue correspondently. I always talk about this business. We always try to forecast and all we know it's wrong going to be higher or lower. Again, if you look at their history, they historically have always kind of roaring back with some economic tailwinds and of course a great set of new products.
Bill Sullivan: Okay. Why don't Guy make a comment at least in terms of the trough? Also have Ron talk about the progress we are making at manufacturing. Again, yes, we talk about the macro environments, but we are attempting control what we should control and that is our manufacturing efficiency and obviously our expense structure.
Bill Sullivan: The last comment I would have, and again this goes back, and not to be an excuse, is we have always had a very strong position in manufacturing. We have always had a strong position in computers and semiconductor. As you know, the computer and semiconductor market are not great. So we have had some bad breaks on the mix and again we choose that business. So again I am making an excuse but nonetheless I can't state strongly enough that we are making the right investment and we are focusing on the right products for the long haul.
Bill Sullivan: Well I think we mentioned it in the last earnings call. I mean it's still a small percent but last year it threw $100 million, not counting the software part of it and we mentioned that in the Analyst Day. We continue to grow double-digits and we are spending $70 million a year to win. So we are absolutely committed and Ron has mentioned this many times, we have been in the module business for years but if you put our software efforts together with our module instrumentation, my guess is Ron is getting faster close to 10% of the overall EMG. We are making real progress.
Bill Sullivan: No, I understand that but we are comfortable with the guidance that we have given, given the backlog and expected ship of board.
Bill Sullivan: Yes, so what we are seeing in early stage discovery, that's where we see most of the technology stuff. So most of the technology upgrade because what they are doing in early stages discovery across the whole therapeutic sector is biologic. So that's a big driver from mass spec and it's a big driver for our biologically compatible LC, not to mention our general UHPLC product. So that has been a pretty strong sector. That was probably the leading piece of the pharma portfolio.
Bill Sullivan: Given that we still have a very high percentage of capital equipment, our revenue always tends to be back-end loaded in the quarter and that's why we continue to report orders because they really are good indication of future business. But we typically ship more in the last month of the quarter than the first. Then of course once we started doing that it lasts for decades.
Bill Sullivan: The strategy that we embarked on in 2005 after we spun off our semiconductor business has proved very effective. We will soon have a $4 billion LDA business, not to give a forecast for next year but we are very, very close to that, and the investment we made both organically and inorganically has been exactly what we wanted to do, bring our engineering expertise to be able to expand from our engineering, chemical engineering foundation, the life science and diagnostics moving forward that would be a continued investment that we have. The volatility we have, of course, is in electronic measurement. They have done a superb job of managing the operating margins through what is just inherently a very volatile business. So I believe that we have executed on our strategy and we will continue to focus on growing our LDA business and continue to be a leader in electronic measurement with what is really the highest profits in the industry.
Bill Sullivan: Derek I will answer the question obviously from life sciences perspective. I don't think there is anything missing. We have a big CapEx in the academic and government. So as we are getting towards the end of fiscal year for the U.S., that's where the big stall and the sequestration is coming. Our exposure is certainly less in aggregate than others but I am not sure that our response was significantly different, if you cut just to the CapEx piece.
Bill Sullivan: I will Lars talk about it. We obviously make an huge investments in the business and the mix but as I said very clearly there is full expectations that Lars' business will get to the 20% operating model of the company or higher, moving forward. But Lars, why don't you talk a little bit about the short term investments and what's going on.
Nick Roelofs: Yes. Just consistent with Bill's comments. Not exactly where we would have loved it to be but no real alarms, the pharma guys are still very strong and the academic sector is as we said soft with a lot of concern and confusion, so at this point we flushed a lot of backlog, which is a good thing and we are working to recharge that this quarter.
Nick Roelofs: Tycho. So, let me break that down for you. We are doing pretty well in LC. The new product launches they aren't having much of an effect yet. We are getting orders but not revenue, pharma guys are doing well in terms of buying. We are at the end of their upgrade cycle in terms of replacement, but we are still seeing a technology buy up cycle, so there is a good secular growth and that has been strong in pharma. Mass spec for us has been a little bit softer in pharma. We see pharma still buying technology, but right now they are looking heavily at Triple Quad. There has been a lot of new product in the market and so there is a lot of valuation phase and so orders are kind of in the slower spot there.
Nick Roelofs: Our operating margins are work in progress and that's the good news to your question. We saw some real mileage to go particularly in NMR, which has some weak margins in there, so I think we are making progress and I think it's a work in progress. I am pretty optimistic on where those go, sequentially.
Nick Roelofs: Yes, Brandon, right now it is order noise, primarily. There is probably a little bit of revenue leakage but we are pretty optimistic in what our base is doing there and trying to drive enthusiasm and we are seeing some monies come out of the private sector just because of the enthusiasm of growth. Obviously it's not government money but right now the stimulus in Japan is more noise and order optimism than it is revenue.
Nick Roelofs: Thanks for the question, Dan. We continue to slog through NMR. If you recall, the challenge here is really to reformat the business. We have done quite a bit of that then to reframe the manufacturing, that process is pretty much complete. Then to launch new technologies and we are in that cycle now, so we have got technologies flowing out now that utilize our electronics capabilities in the core platform. We continue to evolve and we are going to disseminate that further and further across the product line and we have also refocused the business away from the academic sector and more heavily towards the industrial sector and that's just a reflection of macroeconomic, so work in progress and we continue to slog through. It's not a pretty picture, but we are on track to what we showed you when we were in New York.
Nick Roelofs: This is Nick. Same comments as Mike, the pharma industry pretty strong building out infrastructure. We are pretty insulated. If you look at the macro credit challenges, that's in the housing industry, it's in the consumer products and it's in the factory infrastructure. Pharma factories are getting built up by multinationals as well as government, so that hasn't being impacted. So, we are very bullish on what's going on in China.
Nick Roelofs: Hi, Doug, I will take the first question regarding operating margin in line with the guidance for Q4 for EMG and LDA. It's about the same, both of them slightly North of 19% for the both EMG and LDA. Obviously slightly above 19% for Agilent, overall at mid-point.
Nick Roelofs: I think that's just the report. Many of our competitors have lots of consumables, lots through reagents. They are down but they all never be as down typically as much as we do given the bias towards capital investment.
Lars Holmkvist: Yes. That's a bit of an kind of exciting time we are in right now. Let me address the market perspectives that we see here. I think fundamentally the volume growth of the market are there in the vast majority of the geographies. Obviously, we have seen some guideline changes in the U.S. market that, in my book and also in the view of the industry, is going to be there temporarily and we will see that impact probably for another quarter or two until that flushes out and that becomes annualized but the overall volume growth in Europe as well as in APAC is very robust and very strong. So, I don't think that there is any panic in terms of, will this market still continue to be an attractive market and will it be copied? In my book, it will be. Again, its going to take maybe a quarter or two. Now Dako performance, relative to the market, well it's fair to say that we have improved our relative position maybe not to the extent that we had hoped at this point in time because obviously we want to drive growth and we are right now, I would say, holding the market growth. We probably growing at 2%, 3% with core Dako. It varies between the product lines and the overall market characterizes somewhere around 4% growth rate right now. So we are flattish with the market but we are right now in a real crossroads situation where we are switching between the old platform and now about to launch full speed new Dako Omnis that we are still controlling in feed sites. We have the fairly large amount of systems out there. The feedback from the customers is really stellar at this point in time and you might know, a very important note would be around the staining quality that we for Dako Omnis which is at the level or even better as in the prior platform. And this is a really, really strong feedback, because staining quality is something which counts and something that Dako has been well known for in the past. So I am very excited about what I am seeing here and talking about a couple of the growth drivers, Dako Omnis is a very powerful instrument. It's geared at some larger accounts where Dako typically has had the smaller market share. So we do expect a pick up to come and it's going to be an incremental pick up in terms of slight volume as well as larger accounts. So I am pretty pleased with what we are looking into right now in the initial forecast and roll up for the Dako basis in Q4. Again I am going to say, (inaudible) till the next quarter talking about '14; business is picking up and the team is getting really motivated and ready. I think in terms of quality index, Dako is probably going to [Indiscernible] one of the more powerful new product pipelines unleashed, now being unleashed, but also hitting the market in '14. So, in a sense, I think we have bottomed out and from here on I think you will see Dako pick up the pace and my expectation is that Dako is going to be above the market growth rate here in the couple of quarters. So we are making progress and the business is very healthy for us right now. Just a 30 second comment on the GSD part of it. Very pleased to see now how the momentum is building and gaining for the GSD business. We see our penetration and that's our strategy into the clinical segment actually paving the way for the growth rates here. Looking at the core growth for GSD this quarter, which is around 8% and that compares very well and very favorable with the friends in the industry that we compare ourselves with every quarter. So pace is picking up. Momentum is picking up. Enthusiasm is picking up and profitability is picking up for the business. Stay tuned I think for more news around our GSD business going forward.
Lars Holmkvist: Yes, well I see that. Obviously, we are very well aware about guideline changes and potentially reimbursement changes that might be impact our businesses overall. I think if I step back, it will get, our overall position in the U.S. market in terms of kind of (inaudible) industry and the FISH business. We are starting from a fairly low position. So, if I were sitting on a market share with just 65%, 70% for FISH or ISH or IC, I will probably have couple of sleepless nights but then we start literally from a low single digit market share position in the FISH business and a relatively low on IC, I still feel this is incremental upside for us going forward, given the fact that we are now going to penetrate this segment. So, it depends on who you talk to here. If you talk to some of our competitors, I think they have a considerable different exposure then the Dako organization has.
Lars Holmkvist: Yes. Let me take that one. It's a good question. Actually I came out of the breakout meeting my team yesterday where you addressed that situation. It's a [great] to be part of Agilent, but all of you can see that we are a small part of Agilent. I think we have the prospects for us, because the market opportunity is certainly there. Obviously, the organic growth play that you see can be either high single-digit up to maybe mid-single-digit, depends on how look at the business. How aggressive you fund it and so forth. This is going to be a transformation of industry and our book and we believe that we have to think big to participate here, because it will continue to consolidate then the fewer is going to get bigger and it's a choice that we make on how we are going to think about that business. Obviously, organic growth rate is going to get us a bit, but in my book we had to look big here and see the opportunities that are ahead. Obviously no commitment on time or any significance of that, but there's a great number of opportunities that we are looking at right now.
Lars Holmkvist: Well, no. I don't think that there is going to be a large degree of cannibalization, honestly. I think the CDH or arrays plays its role. The FISH is going to be there for preliminary [ph] testing and so far there is still a lot of room for growth for a company like Agilent in the FISH business there nor through an intense competitor. I think it's fair to say that we are making good progress as an organizational developing kind of universal type of probe that's going to fit both, say, around the cyto space as well as the pathology business. So I don't think that that is a trend at all. It's just a great opportunity for a company like Agilent.
Lars Holmkvist: Yes, I will still kind of address the root cause to the question. What you have to realize is when Dako comes in basically through a new kind of accounting standard, there is a reclassification from what is the expense lines to the COGS line and COGS line to the expense line and so forth. So there is a one-off distorts that pick to some extent in combination with the genomic basically that's kind of an ongoing operation and it has been there for years. So that's kind of the one-ff phenomenon that's being washed out and fixed out right now. I think what you will see now is fundamentally a quarter or two where we have been sort of weak in terms of a product mix which has been unfavorable. It's been skewed towards a bit more instrumentation than consumables. As you know, we are sourcing our instrumentation literally from OEM providers out there and pay a margin on getting the boxes done for us and so forth. So, as we get more of the Dako on the solution boxes out there, it will drive much more reagents on top of it, we feel that our gross margins are going to creep up north. We don't see a tremendous amount of cost pressure or price pressure in our accounts and our business right now. It's a bit here and there but basically this is still a well behaving industry, the (inaudible) trends comparison and so forth. So I see that gross margins are going to stabilize and even increase with the onset of more FISH business coming on stream for us, which is typically a higher business. So to Bill's point, what he has alluded to, the operating margin today for a group which is 15%, which is a little bit higher on genomics, a little on Dako, I expect it's going to climb pretty high here. We would be onset to more volume of all consumables. So I think it's a long answer, but that's the facts that I see here.
