Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Mike. And hello, everyone.  As mentioned by Mike, we delivered strong top and bottom line results, both on a year-over-year basis and versus our guidance.  Currency had a positive impact on revenue and operating profits of, respectively, $7 million and $1 million versus previous guidance.  Please also note that we have reduced our pro forma tax rate by 1 percentage points, which had a $0.02 impact on our Q3 EPS.  I'll now turn to the guidance for our fourth quarter. We expect Q4 revenues of $1.15 billion to $1.17 billion, and EPS of $0.60 to $0.62. At midpoint, revenue is expected to grow 3.5% on a core basis.  As a reminder, our core revenue growth last Q4 was a strong 6.3%, so Q4 is a tough compare, coming after an easier Q3 compare. Versus previous guidance, currency is estimated to have a positive impact of $24 million on revenue and $4 million on operating profit. Finally, our 22.4% adjusted operating margin at midpoint will be 90 basis points -- will be up 90 basis points sequentially.  Now to the guidance of fiscal year 2017. The Q4 guidance is expected to result in the following fiscal year guidance. First, at midpoint, revenue is projected to grow 6.0% on a core basis or 1 percentage point over the previous guidance.  The revenue guidance or $4.445 billion is $75 million over the previous guidance, including $31 million due to currency and $1 million due to M&A.  Second, our EPS guidance at $2.30 at midpoint is up $0.12 from previous guidance, and corresponds to a 16% year-over-year increase.  Currency contributed $0.01, and the reduction in pro forma tax rate contributed $0.03.  Third, adjusted operating margin for the year is expected to be 21.8% or 110 basis points higher than in fiscal year '16.  And last but not the least, we have raised our operating cash flow guidance from $825 million to $850 million. And we have -- we are reducing our CapEx guidance from $200 million to $185 million. This leads to an increase in free cash flow guidance of $40 million.  With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A. 
Didier Hirsch: Yes, you're right. The DDG business can be little a bit lumpy on an operating margin basis for many, many reasons. What's important is that we came from -- we're coming from 13% operating margin in 2015 to 16% in 2016. And we are aiming still, as we have basically announced back 2 years ago, to close to 20% in 2017. So the ranch, I would say, after we complete this fiscal year, will be around the 20% that we've talked about. And Jacob, I don't know if you want to add anything. 
Didier Hirsch: Yes, so on the API side, the -- our Nucleic Acid Solutions division, we see a lot of great momentum in the business. And we continue to really be in a situation where capacity is our main constraint. So that's also why we, right now, as we explained before, we are building this new capacity -- manufacturing capacity out in Colorado in Boulder, to really make sure we can expand versus the demand that's out there. We have seen -- as it goes in this business, we did see a few quarters ago, that one of our customers did not meet the endpoint in a Phase III clinical trial. And that has led us to rebuild the pipeline. We have seen very strong demand, and we are really back in full swing again. 
Didier Hirsch: Maybe just that Europe, we had double-digit growth 2 quarters in a row. And we also want to be a little bit cautious about extrapolating that number. If last quarter we had told you where we are forecasting Europe to go 12% in Q3, I think, you have crucified us. So it's tough to just -- we don't want to extrapolate those kind of superb results for 2 quarters. 
Didier Hirsch: Yes, it is indeed a pushout into '18, but you will see '18 will be lower than the number that we've just quoted for '17. So we are returning to a more normal stage in '18, but mostly it will be in '19. 
Didier Hirsch: Sure. Yes, Doug -- yes, I mean, you rightly pointed out that our -- a new pro forma tax rate of 18% is way above our cash tax rate, which is less than 10%. So we do have -- see opportunities basically. It's hard work. I'm not ready to commit now to like Mike did not commit to a precise operating margin expansion number. I'm not ready to commit yet to precise path. But yes, there's more opportunities. And we're working hard to identify ways to reduce our reserves, so that we can move closer to -- I mean, move our pro forma tax rate down. And it's a -- stay posted. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, sure. Dan. So maybe first of all, I want to reground maybe some of the segments, because I think probably last 5 or 6, 7 -- maybe 7 quarters, I would describe a certain breakdown of the Chemical & Energy along the lines of energy refining and in chemical. And as you know, we've been under -- the energy sector has been under a lot of pressure last 2 quarters. So right now, our estimates are that energy represents about 10% of the -- excuse me. Thank you, Patrick. Exploration, that got me mixed up here. Exploration represented about 10% of the total, while refining is about 30% and the chemical side is about 60%. So just to kind of ground yourself, there is less of our business now in the exploration side of the business. We actually expect that to continue to be down for the remainder of this year. So we're not really seeing much going on there. What we are seeing, that's why I put it into in my script, is that there's been a high emphasis on cash management and cash control in prior years. We're starting to see a little bit of money being freed up to focus on reinvestments. And really to drive productivity. In fact, I saw a recent article on Wall Street Journal talking about the importance of customers, companies driving towards increased earnings. So what that tells us is that energy, the exploration side of the segment, is going to continue to go down. We expect replacement to continue in the chemical side. We are still cautious on the refining side of the business. In fact, we have recently seen that the next 12 months EPS forecast for large cap refining, companies have declined since May. So it's not all going well in this segment. Overall, we're encouraged by the results. It's only 2 quarters of strong growth, so we're not yet ready to call a cyclical turnaround. But I would remind you that for the year, we're forecasting overall 8% growth for this Chemical & Energy segment. A much different result than we've seen in the prior 2 years. So hopefully that helps get answer to your question. 
Michael McMullen: Tim, thanks for the question. As you know, our whole model is built around outgrowing the market based on a real focus on innovation that matters to customers, tied to really a solid go-to-market channel. So I think what you've got going on [ for that ] is sort of a perfect storm, if you will, from a standpoint of, we're able to put up these very strong growth results because we have a highly competitive and differentiated portfolio. So we know we're gaining market share in a growing market. And that really leads to the kind of results that we're having here. So I know all CEOs claim to be gaining market share, but we look at the numbers. It seems to prove out for us. 
Michael McMullen: Sorry about that, Jack. They say your hearing is one of the first things to go when you get older. Let me start with the biopharma comment, and then, Patrick, I'm going to have you jump in and give your view on the dimension by geography. But we're really pleased. Although we don't report externally the absolute results in the biopharma segment of the pharma market, we're really pleased with how this business is performing. As you may recall, this is a major strategic initiative that we launched probably about 2.5 years ago to really go after the biopharma market segment in a much different manner. We've been bringing to market a number of new novel solutions. We've changed our go-to-market strategy, and it's paying off. So what I can tell you is we grew double-digit in biopharma in the third quarter. We think we're outpacing the overall market. And perhaps, your view of mix by geography and then anything else you want to add, Patrick. 
Michael McMullen: Thanks, Tyco. Appreciate the question. What I'll do is I'll refer you back to the messaging that we provided at our last AID. So what we committed to was greater than 22, as we move forward. And we think we've got a model which allows us to continue to improve our operating margin. But -- and it's going to be a combination of a number of things you mentioned already, which is innovation focus, making sure that we're pricing for value, they're managing our discounts correctly. So we have initiative underway we call the PDQ, a pricing and discounting quote initiative to really make sure that we're managing the price envelope correctly. The other thing I would point to is also the great work that our order fulfillment team has been doing. So when we formed the new company, we centralized all the manufacturing logistics and material procurement in one organization. And they've been doing a very nice job. And we think that the transformation that's underway in our supply chain [ could ] allow us to have some cost reductions in the future. So we won't commit today in the call to a specific number, but we like improving operating margins without sacrificing growth. That was my -- one of the key parts of my script, which says, hey, we're going to outgrow the market while improving operating margin. So that will continue to be our model. And as we look forward, and you can expect us to try to sustain levels of success we've enjoyed so far. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, I think that was learning for us, Patrick, which was, we thought we had -- we were in sort of the window with a September launch. But we really -- what we found out from our customers, they really didn't have time to plan for this in their 2017 budget. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, Tycho, when we looked at some of the numbers and talked about it as a team, we said, listen, what we're really seeing is, our growth, which was a nice surprise for us in the third quarter, really was a market share gain story. So we're still not seeing a lot of active funding going on in the marketplace. And I think U.S. still seems to be fairly subdued. And Patrick, I don't know what your thoughts on that, but I think we're not that bullish on the overall market environment. We do think we're able to pick up some growth here, given that historically we've been underrepresented in terms of share. But the market is still not very robust. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, I think that's maybe something that I should have mentioned earlier, Tycho, as part of our channel strategy, changes were made when I came in as CEO, we really catered a dedicated focus on Academia and Government. So I think perhaps we're starting to see some payoff of those early investments now. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, thanks for that, Paul. Appreciate the congratulatory comments. I'll make sure that the team hears that. And relative to the oligo expansion, in fact, a few of us are heading out there tomorrow to see firsthand are we're seeing pictures of the building, but there's nothing like seeing it firsthand. So we have a -- going out and spend some time with the team. We're expanding into Frederick. The construction schedule is going right according to plan. I think, Jacob, we're looking probably look like more still FY '19 revenue. 
Michael McMullen: 2018, the factory will be done. But there'll be a validation process required. And the reason why I asked Jacob to talk about some of the customer activity is because we still see an incredible amount of demand for customers. And it's been a capacity constraint kind of growth challenge for us. But we're fully committed. We'll see firsthand, and maybe I'll have some more in-depth comments when I talk to you next. But the construction schedule and the go-to market is still on -- per plan. And then relative to China, and overall Asia, so I think about China, China continues to develop, just as we have forecasted. I think we're a little bit over double-digit through the first 3 quarters. We thought it would be a double-digit grower for us in 2017. We're seeing no signs of slowdown there. I think what has been a nice surprise is the other countries in Southeast Asia has been a very fast growing -- faster growing market for us. You may recall about a year ago, a lot of concerns about the impact of the currency outside of those countries. And inside Agilent, we call it SAPK, which is South Asia, Pacific and Korea, and we've been putting good growth up in that part of the sector, much higher than we had in prior years. I would say that Japan is the one where the market is still sluggish. Although, we've been able to have about a 6% growth rate over the last 2 quarters. But it's -- that's probably the most challenging of all the Asian markets we play in. I don't know whether you count India and Asia or not. It's managed in Agilent by our European team. But India market also continues to be quite strong. So I think Asia is going to continue to be a growth story. Not only for 2017, but into '18 as well. 
Michael McMullen: I think it's really -- we are kind of -- if I step back from it, I think it's both a combination of how we've been able to broaden our portfolio, tied with a true customer focus. I know you hear it all the time. But we really try to think about what matters to our customers and then align our business strategies behind it. So we're not only doing great science and driving innovation with some of the new instrumentation that we've been inducing. But as we mentioned earlier, we're really helping our customers with, what we call, the economics of lab. And that's really the CrossLab. So I think it's -- we're getting share in both places. And I think it's been the combination of how we architected -- architected, if you will, our portfolio strategies. And I can't also overemphasize enough the importance of having the right go-to-customer sales model. We made some pretty big changes the first year, the new Agilent. And we're now, I think, starting to see the benefits of that, which is how it really tight set of customer relationships tied with a broadening portfolio with a much clearer economic value proposition via CrossLab. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, Puneet. Thanks a lot for the congratulatory comments. And I know Jacob would love to talk about the overall pathology results for the quarter. And then maybe, go in specifically to the question around of the impact of Quest and timing that we have on our business. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, thanks for that question. So we expect the food market to continue to be strong in China. We explicitly called that out. I think we used the word food market fundamentals remain strong. Growth rates actually are a little bit lower for China in Q3, just because we're coming out with 20-some percent compare from a prior year. But the money is there and the emphasis is there. It's a critical government policy to continue to improve the safety of their food supply. A lot of work it still to be done. So we're expecting the growth to be still be there. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, and you have -- if you can show a return on investment, right? So I think that's been one of the selling propositions for the new portfolio. 
Michael McMullen: When they're under pressure, generics guys, they're willing to invest because they can see it helps their earnings profile. 
Michael McMullen: So let me maybe add some color, then you can add your comments as well, Didier. So when we look at the comps, they're real. I haven't done the math in terms of the x percentage, but pharma is our largest market. It grew 16%, Q4 last year. China, which is our second largest geography, grew 27%. So the comp -- the tough compares are real and that's a part of our guiding philosophy all this year. We've been calling that business remains robust, but we know we're going into a period of tough compares. I would say, relative to the Chemical, Energy, what we're saying here is businesses going to be better than we initially thought it was going to be coming into this year. We're glad to see the strong growth in the last 2 quarters, but there's still some signs that say, let's not get too far ahead of ourselves here. We've had 40% of this segment is still under pressure. The company's earnings forecast are projected to be down. So we just think that it's right thing to be doing to not call for cyclical turnaround just yet. And Didier, I don't know if you would add anything else to our approach to looking at the quarter. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, Catherine, be happy to. It's a great a question. And when your question came through, there was a smile on Patrick's face. So I know he's anxious to share a little more about what's going on with Ultivo. 
Michael McMullen: Yes. So I think if you look at our full year guidance, Doug, a 6% core growth for the overall enterprise, we expect China to be right around 10% or so for the year. Overall, Asia around double-digit with mid-single-digit growth in Europe as well as Americas. So again, the Europe -- the Asia side of the business is expected to be the growth engine, although all geographies are expected to grow for us this year. And then when I look at the -- finally, I know it's relative to the -- there you can help me. Thanks, Alicia. When you look at the end market, again, the same 6% core growth. Here, what we're seeing is, Chemical & Energy, I think 7%, 8% range, I think, is what we've been talking, about 8% for the year. As I mentioned earlier, some caveats, still there are some segments, which still have some question marks. We've been very consistent with our view that the pharma with the -- would go from it's a double-digit grower that we had in '16 to more high single digits. So you're probably looking at 8-ish for Pharma for the full year, flat for Academia and Government, and then high single digits for Diagnostic and Clinical and then food, Environmental, Forensics, low single digits. So the story here is... 
Michael McMullen: I think you know, Derik, we don't explicitly talk about our incoming orders in terms of where we finish, but what I can tell is Q3 was like any other Q3 we've seen. So nothing really special about it, besides the fact that it was an excellent quarter for the company. 
Michael McMullen: So I'm going to kind of give a little kind of a teaser for our November call. So I'll hold the guide for November call. Didier is giving me hand signals on that one right now. But I think what you can see a consistent message is our ability -- our model is all about outgrowing the market. So I think that's what you look for us to do and like I said earlier, we really -- we're retiring "The New Agilent", the name. We arrived, we got a foundation and the model that's gotten us here, we're going to stay with that model, but if you can just wait a few more months, I'll have much more clear answer to your question. 
Michael McMullen: Happy to, Isaac. Just a reminder, we're now going to be talking about a different ratio of the 3 segments that make up the Chemical & Energy space, given the climb we've seen over the last 2 years in exploration side. So exploration is about 10%, refining is about 30%. So, if you will, the Energy sector is about 40%. The other 60% is, in what we call, chemicals and materials. And that's really been what the growth we're seeing has been coming from. Some reinvestment in refining side, but mostly growth has been on the chemical and material side. What we're seeing is for the year, we're forecasting, as I mentioned earlier to Doug's question -- or say, listen, we think we'll probably do 8% or so for the year in Chemical & Energy, which is remarkable turnaround, given the fact that the prior 2 years actually had shrunk for us. But I can't emphasize enough that there still are signs of caution. You may want to use the word conservatism, but I'll just say I'm just trying to be very pragmatic and think about what's going on here. And we're saying, listen, 2 good quarters of growth. Okay, great. Let's see how the next quarter shapes up and I keep coming get back to 40% of that segment is still under pressure and our major customers here, those companies themselves have seen a downgrade in their earnings forecast for the next 12 months. So all in all, a much better picture than we thought coming into the year, but still some reason to be a little bit pragmatic in terms of how we view the future growth in Q4 and beyond. 
Michael McMullen: Yes, it's -- we have a very large appetite in the space. And a number of things have been happening. So if you look, Jacob has done a really excellent job in terms of addressing the fundamentals of the business, pathology business was double-digit growth for us. When I first came on this role, a lot of questions about the future of the Dako acquisition. We've got that on.  [Audio Gap] We're in the solid growth there. And we are making a number of significant investments, both organically and inorganically. So a lot of our M&A has been focused in this area. So whether it'd be the Cartagenia acquisition, the Multiplicom acquisition, Lasergen, equity investment, the recent Pop Gen, so we have a lot of interest in this space. And as I mentioned earlier, not to put any pressure on Sam, who happens to be in the room with me, but we brought in a new Head of Strategy and Corporate Development, and really from the space, so we're very interested in finding new ways for Agilent to grow in the space. We'd like the fundamentals of the market, and we like our ability to take a bigger piece of that market. 
Michael McMullen: Well, I think all 3 group presidents are fighting now to see who can grow the fastest. So we think all of our business groups can grow, I think that the rest of them really unique fundamentals going on in DGG space, which perhaps has a higher long-term inherent growth rate than some of our other markets. So we think we're all going to be winners, and maybe perhaps a little bit higher growth ultimately in DGG. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, sure. Thanks, Mike. So we have seen a strong -- very, very strong growth in China. We have seen reasonable growth in EMEA, in Europe, and also would say single-digit growth in [ AFO ]. So that's the distribution on a regional level. And it's heavily driven, of course, by biopharma, as Mike mentioned because that is growing ahead of the [ biopharma ] space. But I would say if you look at the different segments in Pharma, it's on the R&D side, as well as manufacturing QA, QC, we are very well-represented there. And we don't see a real slowdown right now in the biopharma space. So looking forward, given the new portfolio we have. Also the focus on complete workflows that we launched over the last couple of months, we are pretty confident that we will continue to grow strong in this market and capture more share. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: I'll take that one, Mike. Thank you. So we -- as you know, we are currently present in the LDG space. We launched Class 1 product several years ago. And this is a, what we see, as a sweet spot right now for LC/MS and clinical. It's really all about pain management, Vitamin D testing and all those applications, immunosuppressants, And we are pretty well represented in that space right now, whether it will be able to replace immunoassays, some of our competitors might think, we have some question marks there, we think we're pretty strong in LDG market that might continue. We see actually probably more promise on the more sophisticated assays that are related to metabolomics, and that are more related to space of cancer diagnostics and more complex diseases like Alzheimer's, a couple of years out. So this is where we see the focus for this business, because getting into a clinical workflow, where the [ riser-based ] assays are established and trying to blaze -- replace those will be quite difficult, I would say. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, absolutely. So we're happy with the feedback that we received from the installed base. So of the instruments we have shipped so far, customers are really excited about the performance, robustness and ease of use of this product. That said, we are not still and not yet shipping any really big bulk orders. As we said in the calls in the last quarter and the quarter before is, we think it will happen more in fiscal year '18 when customers had enough time to test the instruments and also assign a budget to these instruments moving forward. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Absolutely. Actually, as you know, we launched in September last year, and the feedback we got from several large accounts was, well, very nice instruments. We have not yet -- we didn't have the time to really plan for the budget for fiscal year '17. But we are now getting feedback from those that's it's definitely in the budget for fiscal year '18. Again, the feedback is very positive. It is still early, in the ramp to volume of this product. But yes, really excited about the excitement it drives. Also, across the other cheesy products they have out there. We're clearly seen as the market leader in the gas chromatography and the go-to company. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Agreed. Yes. Definitely, in the U.S. is not very robust. We have seen some upticks in Europe in the last quarter, which helped to drive growth. And we think we are very well positioned with our portfolio. We also have a dedicated program within the company to really look at our [indiscernible] model for Academia and Government. And as Mike said, it's all about taking market share from our competitors. And this is what we're after. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: No, I agree. This is not what we are seeing right now. And part of it is, again, the solutions we brought out. The new solutions that helped drive the business there that are really focused on the biopharma space. On monoclonal antibodies, there's also new software solutions out of there for biosimilars like our BioConfirm Software. So I think we're addressing the needs of this market space better and better, and that will drive for us more business moving forward. Especially, I think also the biosimilars is a market space that will continue to grow. And I don't expect a big slowdown in that area. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: No. I mean, it's definitely not growing at the same pace as biopharma, as we outlined here. But it's still growing for us. And we don't see any material changes in the next couple of quarters. Yes, we will see tough compares because we have been growing so strong over the last 8 or 6 quarters or 7 quarters in Pharma. But the fundamental business in small molecule is also there. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: The whole messaging is around productivity and efficiency gains and the cost of ownership for resolutions and it resonates very well with this customer base. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Absolutely. So first, I mean, on the Ultivo question and then general view on LC/MS and GC/MS as well. We think Ultivo was really to star this year at ASMS. When we introduce the product, it creates a lot of excitement among our customers base. They cannot wait to get their hands on the prototype. That said, we will not ship anything before end of this quarter. So I don't expect any revenue contribution in Q4 by -- from coming from the Ultivo product itself. I think it would be very well positioned to ramp that product in fiscal year '18 and capture the market opportunity specifically in the environmental and food application space where this product is really front and center in terms of the specifications and the application domain. So lots of excitement around there, but it's not the only product we have launched at ASMS. We launched a new Infinity single-quad solution. We have the biopharma Q-TOF solution and we launched a new GC/Q-TOF solution that will all again drive the momentum behind our mass spectroscopy solutions. Very strong showing, and we are very optimistic about the future of this product line, the technologies and the focus we have and customer applications, as it creates a lot of excitement. And we see that also in the growth rates already in Q3. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Given where the market is and the differentiated technology is, I think, we're definitely look for double-digit growth. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, I'll just add one thing, Steve. Right now, the business is about $70 million, $80 million and we are capped. We are operating at maximum capacity. And as Mike and Jacob mentioned, the new capacity only comes on board in 2019. And will add about $100 million after it's full running state. So the ramp will be throughout fiscal year '19. So fiscal year '20, we're talking about $100 million, just with that additional business, but 2018 will be relatively flat with 2017 because we are already at capacity of existing facility. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, thanks for that. And we are very pleased with where we are with our Dako portfolio business today, where we really see a very strong momentum or continuous momentum with the business. Clearly, we were very pleased with the win of Quest being the primary vendor here. Which we announced, I think, it was last time. We are in the progress of installing our solutions on several Quest sites. So we haven't seen any contribution from Quest in this quarter. And we'll start to see it come in here next quarter. But it's primarily a fiscal '18 view or situation that we'll start to see Quest coming in. So right now, our pathology business is really driven by everything else we're doing out there. And Quest is just a part of the story. It's a great part of the story, but we do see strengthening in all parts of geographies right now. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, Steve, thanks, for that. And I'm very pleased with the new announcement of the SureSelectXT HS, which I think is going to really drive the business going forward. First of all, it would work very well with FFPE. And with the molecular barcodes, you would also see that we would be able to really get very certain in results on low leading frequencies. So I think this is exactly what the market is looking for. Overall, the SureSelect and I'll talk on this, investment business has been a success story for DGG and for genomics over last many years. It is a substantial part of genomics business, and it continues to grow in the double-digit regime. I think we have seen industry over last few quarters that the market has at least taken a little bit of a pause, but we still see double-digit growth of our business. So it is -- I think we still are definitely keeping our market share out in the business. I'm not sure right now whether we're taking market share, but we're certainly keeping it. And with the new SureSelectXT HS, I'm very convinced that we will start to see even stronger momentum again. I will say that SureSelect and where we're going with all this right now is our strategy is to become a whole workflow provider, where SureSelect is going to be a key part of that, and SureSelect is our entry into that market. So clearly it's very important for us going forward, but we are going to expand out both with the ELISA platform, our bioinformatics platform. But also with our Lasergen investments, we hope to be full workflow provider in the future. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely. And the Population Genetics, Pop Gen, is, as Mike was mentioning, an IP consideration. And we're very pleased to have that which creates a very strong IP situation within molecular barcodes. But we see a very strong interest for molecular barcodes where we think this is going to be very important is, first and foremost, in liquid biopsies. But secondly also for what we'll call eliminating false-positive that you see in NGS right now and especially going into the Dx, the diagnostic markets where you need to make sure that what you measure is actually fully related to or correlated to actually the sample you have in there and using those molecular barcodes ensures that you are very certain of what you measure is actually also there. So I believe actually that molecular barcodes is going to be required to really have a play in the diagnostic setting going forward. And so I think we will be in a very strong position to really drive that market. 
