Mike McMullen: Yes, Matt, thanks for the question. So let me start with the last part of your question. This is a macro story, not a competitive story. So market shares continue to be very, very strong. I know there's a lot of discussion about increased local competition, but we've moved pretty aggressively on our made in China strategy. So we don't see that all as a competitive issue. Transitory, the comment there is really about the fact that the China market is not going away. It's going to be a big market for years to come. It clearly is challenged right now. And we're not -- we're taking a sort of one quarter at a time, actually month by month. And as Bob mentioned in his comments, I think July, we actually saw the weakest performance within the quarter, and we're still seeing weakness in the pharmaceutical industry, for example, the level of manufacturing declined pretty specifically in the month of July. So we think the market is going to be there, but it's going to take a while for it to get back to growth. And I guess probably the other thing to point here is - and again, I'm talking specifically around the instrument side of the China market. As you know, we have a very large, in fact, the largest installed base of instrumentation in the marketplace. So very positive on the ability to grow the aftermarket in our diagnostics business. Probably anything you add to that? Okay.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So as we've talked earlier - thanks for the question and Jack and comments and then have Jacob jump in on this one as well. But we look across the CAM, I'd say the Advanced Materials segment of that market, which we've communicated is more driven by secular trends and cyclical trends continues to hold up quite well. And by the way, also, I just want to point out we had a really tough compare, I think we grew 22% last year in Q3 in CAM. If we look at the chemicals and energy side of it, the energy side actually popped up a bit, particularly driven by the U.S. where we are seeing some weakness is in the chemical side where customers are looking at the macroeconomic environment and are slowing their capital investment there. So I'd say that kind of puts and takes. But I think in terms of the quarter, Bob, I think we came in right about where we thought we'd be in CAM and I'd say it's a mixed story in terms of different segments growing at different rates.
Mike McMullen: I am as old as the dirt and have been working in this marketplace since the mid-90s. I haven't seen a cycle like this before. And we've not seen a situation where the - there's really seem to be a lack of confidence right now in the macro economy. Now, look I'm not sharing - anything that the audience here doesn't fully understand already. So, the way we get out of this, I think is China led by the government. We'll get back to focusing on its long-term goals of making China an innovation driven economy, which will require continued investments in R&D. It's going to also get back to focusing on improving the health of - the population, addressing some of environment issue, so we think it's getting back to fundamentals. Yes, we think that eventually will occur, but there's a lot of issues that we may be work through within the China right now. But - it's a very large market, the market is not going to disappear. And I think there'll be investments. I think there's also needs to be a level of confidence in the private sector in China, that it's a good time to reinvest and maybe I shouldn't wait on the sidelines hope for its stimulus, but get back to work and get my business going. So there's a lot of dynamics. I really have to say though, I don't know if I have a comparable situation that we've been through for this long. I think Bob and I were talking earlier today. The change in the food ministry, a number of years ago is - was the biggest thing we've seen or 24 plus seven some of the biggest things we've seen a change, but this is much more of a macro economic issue in China, which is different than what we've seen before. Obviously, we have an impact on life sciences tool, but it's a much bigger macro story is really driving the softness right now in our markets.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think - Sam, when we've talked about this in the past. So, we think we're still going be able to participate in what we believe the strong growth of liquid biopsy market. But to really providing a lot of the - if you will, ingredients for the test developers for themselves.
Mike McMullen: Hi Brandon, I'm going to start with the response to your question. I'll let Bob dig through his notes to find the actual number. But first of all, I just started to say, is that we believe what we're dealing with here in our core instrument portfolio, inclusive of LC and LCMS continues to be a macro market story. Our market shares are holding up really well. We're seeing in our one loss data. We're seeing it in the external reports from order. And I think when we look at our performance in those core platforms versus our peers, we're reporting some numbers and kind of adjust for the timing of when we report. I think we're putting up similar kind of numbers. And Jacob, I know you looked at this thing pretty closely and I'm trying to buy some time for Bob to check down the...
Mike McMullen: Yes, Bob, I think this is an end market that is holding up reasonably well. I mean we're seeing that on a global basis, in most cases, with the exception being China, where the funding is there, the funding is stable. And it's been a positive surprise for us so far through this year. And I don't...
Mike McMullen: Sure, Rachel. So while we saw signs of stabilization in our European and U.S. business stabilization relative to expectations. We're not hearing anything along those lines yet in terms of recovery or desire to increase spending, the fact we're hearing the exact opposite right now from our large major pharma companies. So, I hope that commentary from others in this space is correct. And there's going to be a big recovery here from year-end, but we're not seeing any kind of indications of that. If it does happen, great. It would be upside relative to our current outlook, and we know we do well in these markets. But Padraig, I don't think we're seeing and hearing anything like along those lines.
Mike McMullen: Right. Thanks for that and Bob. And Rachel, I think the second question relative to - I think you're referring to the small molecule replacement cycle. And as you know, coming probably at least for the last 12 to 18 months, we had been indicating that we were expecting to see a slowdown in the rate of replacement. And in fact, we've seen that occur this year. Actually, given the weakness in China even beyond our expectations with a minus 16% number overall in the quarter. That being said, we do stay with our view that these tend to be 18 to 24 months, 12 to 18-month cycles, and we'd expect that they'll start to see movement back towards a higher growth rate. And that's one of the reasons as we look into '24, we're saying some of these markets will start to turn as - the base cycle gets back to more of a growth phase in that cycle. And as we've mentioned earlier, we see that particularly in liquid chromatography is probably about a five percentage kind of growth market long-term.
Mike McMullen: Is probably related to a small molecule. And relative to what's happened in large pharma, what we're seeing is in medium-sized pharma is, again, a continuation of this cautious about deferring capital. I'm sure they're thinking through implications of iRNA also other expenses are running hotter in their P&Ls where they need to make some offsets with capital purchases. That being said, if you believe, and I know pharma believes the importance of having safe on-market drugs. You have to have the instrumentation QA/QC environment to support that. That requires you to have modern liquid chromatography fleets. So, I don't think it's a question that they can - that this market is going to go away and won't be an area that the pharma will need to invest in. You can defer for a period of time, but then only last for so long.
Mike McMullen: Yes. We still have a few more months so we finish off the fiscal year, and we'll give you our guide in November. And I think we'll know a lot more by then. But I do think we know that we'll be able to grow this company in '24. That said, I was very careful in my comments to make sure that there's a full year growth rate. We do expect the first half of the year to be a challenging year just from a comp standpoint to begin with, but also some of the things that we've been talking about today in the call, we don't expect a quick snapback to be occurring in the next quarter or 2.
Mike McMullen: Yes, sure, Patrick, happy to do so, and then I'll invite Padraig to this conversation. I know he's been talking a lot to his team about this. But as I mentioned earlier, we're not really seeing any kind of indication of customers saying, hey, listen, I'm going to have money. I'm planning to spend it this way. In fact, we've seen the opposite where sometimes orders that we thought were closed to actually keep deferring and require more purchases. In fact, I think one story we heard was we probably 3x. Fondo CFO, approved it on the third go-around and the CEO overruled it. So we know eventually going to get that business. But this is kind of dynamics ever seen. So we're not seeing a lot of indications of a strong year-end budget flush. Again, we'd love to see the opposite happen, but we're not going to indication of that. And I don't if you have something to add there.
Mike McMullen: I think this comment, Patrick, on the funnel being strong and these funnels are actually growing is really important because this is one of the reasons why we think about full year outlook in '24. We know the business is there. It's just a question of when it's going to get - 
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think Bob alluded to it a bit in his prepared remarks, but we still are staying with our balanced capital allocation strategy, and you saw us in the market opportunistically on share repurchases given where we saw the share price setting that. In terms of our - an appetite for M&A, it remains unchanged given - despite the Resolution Bioscience decision. We knew that was a higher risk acquisition for us, early-stage company in hot area based on a really differentiating strategy that didn't want this to play out. But we've had some success in other aspects of our genomics acquisitions, including the AAT acquisition on the instrumentation side. So we're still out there looking. But as Bob mentioned, we take a disciplined approach to not only to how we view our internal choices and our internal business performance in terms of what's in the portfolio, but we'll also take that same lens, if you will, on how we look at M&A. So really, nothing has changed beyond the fact that this is more of a buyer's market. And companies with a strong balance sheet like Agilent, I think they're in a good favorable position to work on opportunities, but we're going to stay disciplined and not get caught up in what once was a value of a company, either in the private or public space.
Mike McMullen: But as I recall, I think 85% of the change was really China driven and bleeds over into pharma in CAM.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So let me start with the view by end market. I think the academia and government market was - grew for us in the third quarter. But everything else was pretty much down. The big change really were in the pharma space. And as Bob commented earlier about how we exited the quarter, the July performance. Some weakness in chemicals, but I'd say the down there was really just a byproduct of - we're going off of 43% compared last year. And we're looking at a 70% growth compare in the fourth quarter. But I'd say the concerns or the cost of this in the China marketplace is really across the board. And with varying degrees, but I think it's really most reflected in the pharma outlook. I think that's a $64,000 question. I think there's a case to be made that this market will get back to its longer-term growth rates, but it will take a period of years to get there. It's not going to be a snapback in 12 months. But again, that's work to be done. The factors that we're looking at, I think are the same factors that everybody else is staring at, which is what's going to happen to the macro in China. Storyboard here is a macro story and is bleeding over into life science tools, but we need to see the China economy get moving again. We need to see consumer confidence coming back. We need to see investment commerce is coming back in China. I think those things will take some time. But I do think there are priorities of the government, and they'll find a way to make that happen. But we're not calling for a quick snapback here either.
Mike McMullen: Let me leave it there. And then have Bob jump-in and Sam as well, but from in-sourcing standpoint. No, we're not seeing any material moves in this direction. And in fact as we head into '24, we continue to broaden our book of business and we're going to have more customers overhead in terms of breadth of customers as we go into '24. And yes, it's called Project Endeavor. So Train B we went live, which we had a different code-named. And that's live, but we continue to move forward with our expansion plans on the other front, siRNA front, along with what we like to do on the CRISPR side as well And antisense. So, we're going to broaden that. So our stated investment plans remain unchanged.
Mike McMullen: Yes, we did mention that there was a benefit, Luke, of the variable pay comp, obviously, that's got a big component of people in it, but it's also a reflection of the scale and - continued growth of that business. We didn't say take that 32% I believe it was in Q3 and kind of book that as the new starting point. Because it had outsized growth. But we continue to be pleased and expect continued margin expansion for ACG going-forward.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Matt, this is Bob. And just maybe to further what Mike is saying, when we think about the components of that business, the fastest-growing component is actually the contracted business, which is that connect rate. And it was in the mid-teens this last quarter and continues to be faster growing than the overall business. And as long as we continue to be able to drive that increased attach rate, we feel very good about that. And that comes with - with that growth comes scale and being able to leverage our team with the work that the digital initiatives that we've had as well. And so as Mike said, don't book, I think it was 32% going forward because there were some variable pay true-ups. But certainly, what you've seen quarter in, quarter out is a nice, steady cadence of margin improvement there.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Before Jacob, maybe you can jump in. I think the one thing that I think is important is you really have story in China, which is its own and then the rest of the business. And so if you think about where Americas and Europe is, it's performed extremely well. And if you actually look - we mentioned this in the call, sequentially, the dollars actually were very stable. And so we are expecting a challenging Q4, mainly because we grew 70% in China.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I would say that our view of leveraged earnings growth continues into '24. And so while we do have some things coming back to us, some of the actions that we've taken will continue to move into a full year for 2024. And quite honestly, that's kind of what we expect our job to be is to be able to drive that leveraged earnings growth.
Robert McMahon: Yes, Vijay, this is Bob. Your math is in the ballpark. Yes. So we were down mid-single digits through June. So May and June kind of tracking as we expected, and then we saw incremental weakness in July, and we ended up for the full quarter down 17%. And what we're assuming going into Q4 is that, that performance will continue into Q4. And given the tough comp that we have because I think we grew 44% in Q4 of last year, we're estimating roughly a 35-ish percent drop in Q4 in China.
Robert McMahon: So actually, if you think about the ACG business, actually ACG grew in all regions and all end markets, inclusive of China. So there wasn't a change there. And I would say both in the Americas and Europe, we didn't see that same effect.
Robert McMahon: Yes. So, a couple of thoughts here, I think relative to the China business, we're hearing similar things, but nothing really significant and there's not enough to go onto assume we have kind of material impact on our outlook for the rest of the year. When we talk about transitory, we talked about the fact that these markets are driven by investments to improve the human condition as I mentioned. They're not going to go away. And neither while we're not going to get into the specifics of an actual number, we actually see a path to growth next year for full year for Agilent. And of course, we have the tough compare the first half of next year, we did coming off a double-digit print for first half this year, but as we looked at our business keep in mind, we're - what's behind my thought process here which is - we're instrument company, yes, we have big instrument business around 60%, we have a 40% of those in recurring revenue business. I don't know if you caught it in Mike call script, but our sales funnel for instruments are actually growing. So that would say that at some point in time those budgets are going to be released and the orders will close, when I've seen deals come out of - the funnel. We're not seeing order cancellations, we're not seeing changes to our one loss ratio. And we're encouraged by the growth we're seeing in biopharma. On the small molecule side, we know that different rates of replacements during the cycles, but we think this will follow historical cycle. I think the real wildcard for us, we look forward into '24, is really what do we assume around the China market. We're not assuming any kind of major further degradation, but at the same point in time, it's the path to return to kind of historic growth rates. That's the open question right now.
Robert McMahon: Yes. The only thing I would say, Dan to build on what Mike was saying is, as he mentioned, the demographics are with us when you think about the aging population, the need to actually access healthcare more important therapeutics, and the importance of ensuring the water and food supply. They are the world's leaders today in electric and clean energy. It's hard to believe when everyone thinks about that. But they are the leader, and they have more electric cars than any other region. And so, I think that investment is going to be key as Mike talking about from the government, but unless they changed their strategic priorities, I think that's the benefit for life sciences in general.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Maybe just one add, Dan, is obviously a difficult decision for us, but I also think it also looks - it shows the discipline that we have in terms of our portfolio rationalization, and we felt we had better returns in other places to invest in so.
Robert McMahon: I can tell you though, if you looked at the LSAG business over the last three years, it's been averaging 5% CAGR, despite being forecasted to be down this year. And obviously, those are two large businesses.
Robert McMahon: Yes, it's a great question. So NASD, we continue to be very pleased with that. We had our first revenue in Q3 from Train B, the first of many more revenues to come from that standpoint, and expect it to continue, and we're still on track for the numbers that we've been talking about through 50-plus for the full year. And in terms of the CapEx, some of that will roll forward, but it's not - we're not going to spend that $200 million in '24 as well. This would be - we have deferred projects being very rational, really focused on revenue-generating programs. And so, I do expect some of that will flow into '24, but I don't expect '24 to have an incremental $200 million show up in the forecast.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Let me take the second question first. We can compete against the Chinese local competitors each and every day. And nothing has changed from that standpoint. We continue to feel very good about our portfolio, and continue to drive that growth. In regards to pricing across the board, we were slightly better than what we had expected. It was roughly over - a little over 4% for the quarter. And that was driven across all three of the groups. So we continue to drive - positive price across not only our DGG and ACG business, but also our instrumentation and that's globally. And we expect to be able to continue to demonstrate the value of our instrumentation across the globe. Obviously, in a deflationary environment, that will put a little more pressure on the instrumentation business, particularly in China but we've incorporated that into, our forecast and are still on track for positive price contributions, for the full year in excess of 3%.
Robert McMahon: No, it's really across many of our instrument platforms as well as the service business. And from what we're seeing, Puneet, is funding continue to be available, and it's flowing from governments. I think they're seeing the strategic nature of many of the investments that they're making. And our expectation is that, that funding will continue.
Robert McMahon: The only thing I would say, Rachel, is if we look at our funnels, they continue to be growing. So it's a question of when, not if, and particularly in pharma. And as Mike and Padraig just mentioned, we're not assuming a budget flush into our Q4. And if it happens, that would likely happen in our Q1 in any event, from a revenue perspective. But what we see at least from our funnels, is they continue to be helping. And let me just answer Brandon's question from a couple of times ago. If I look at LC and LCMS on a three-year CAGR, they're between 7% and 9%, so higher than the overall LSAG average.
Robert McMahon: Yes. So we've got a minimal number in Q4 as we wind down the business. And I would say it was roughly 1 point to a little over 1 point to the headwind to DGG going forward in FY '24.
Robert McMahon: Yes. So Josh, just real quick. When we think about kind of the Q4 implied guide, the big driver is China. As I mentioned, down roughly mid-30s and that really impacts a number of markets you can imagine, both AR and chemical and energy, which are - or chemical and advanced materials, which are the two largest markets in China. I would also say that the diagnostics and clinical is also down. We've seen that softness in genomics. And then obviously, the shutdown of Res Bio also impacts that business, and that's primarily a U.S. phenomenon. So we did see an impact in U.S. on that side. And then there's some puts and takes in other places, but those are the two big pieces for Q4.
Robert McMahon: Yes. So to maybe add a little more flavor and clarity to my answer previously, LSAG was down 9% core. It was down 9% in instruments as well. So the consumables business was up basically a point.
Robert McMahon: There's no reason to believe when we think about kind of the level of investment over-time. And the importance of our instruments in the Discovery of new therapeutic areas or food testing, we think about as Mike was talking about these new areas around Applied Markets, there's no reason to think that there is something fundamentally has changed, that they don't need instrumentation. And so, I think we feel very good about our market-share and our good about our market-share, and our competitiveness and do expect our LSAG business to be a growth driver for us going forward. Yes, no completely. No, is this more just on the comp basis, after making…
Robert McMahon: Yes. I mean, I think if you look at Q4, it will be really an impact of China. So we're actually looking at chemical and advanced materials declining in Q4, because of that 70% increase that Mike mentioned in Q4 of last year. That was across-the-board. I would say the advanced materials will be much stronger than that down high or down double-digits. And the chemical side, probably we will have a bigger impact. If you recall, the Shanghai shutdown impact was centered in the chemical and advanced materials market, because that's where our GC manufacturing was and that's a Workhorse for some of those products. So, we do see it down in Q4, but up for the full-year. I think that's a really important to make sure that people understand.
Robert McMahon: Yes, to be very clear, Luke, to add what Mike said, we are not slowing that down at all. That investment is one of the highest priorities, we've trimmed back spending in another less more infrastructure kind of oriented projects as opposed to kind of revenue-generating. I think what you're seeing actually is it's actually coming in better-than-expected, because the pricing is better-than-expected and you probably have seen that in other places. And so, the availability of parts and the key materials is better than what we had initially planned as well.
Sam Raha: Yes, Mike. Building on what you said, while NGS and cancer diagnostics is here and we serve that market in a number of ways, right, for just to be clear, too. We absolutely continue to serve cancer research translational research and diagnostic, test developer customers. But our core to our thesis, our differentiation is really the ability to develop and distribute these kitted tests in the market, the pharma market and the testing market just as evolve that way. And we also looked at our recent analysis and concluded that even with more additional investment, this is going to be a business that's going to be undergoing significant losses for some foreseeable future, so. It was a difficult, as Mike said, that the right decision to make this move now. But again to be clear, we continue to serve cancer research and diagnostics in a number of ways.
Sam Raha: Here and Mike. I'm going to take this opportunity to also just to say beyond our core SureSelect Target Enrichment portfolio which is used broadly for liquid biopsy testing today. Early next year, we'll be launching solutions from Avida BioMed, an acquisition that we announced earlier this year, which we think is really going to be a differentiated way to look at methylation, as well as classic mutation analysis.
Sam Raha: Yes, I only add to what you guys said that Mike along with having more customers and actually more diversified set of customers, we're going to be we're contracted to do more programs next year than in the history of NASD. So it's a yes, all full-speed ahead.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. No, I think - no, I think it's the pricing holds discounts has really held stable as well. We haven't seen any - increase in that rate of it, and we continue to monitor that, but it's been very stable, Mike.
Padraig McDonnell: What we're hearing from the customers is that we're not planning on a budget flow through the end of the year, but we're - we will take the upside of corsa.com. I think I think one thing is really clear that the funnels are very strong, and it's there, but we're not seeing them to be released through a big push at the end of the year.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. We watch very closely our win loss rates. And we haven't - we've seen them very, very stable -- we had a strong funnel, which is very positive over time.
