Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. To summarize Q1 results, they were above the high end of our revenue and EPS guidance, even as currency negatively impacted revenue by $12 million and operating profit by $4 million. The EPS beat was mostly the result of the revenue beat, and EPS was 15% higher than in Q1 of fiscal year 2016. We continue to improve our adjusted operating margin at 21.2% in Q1 and up 100 basis points versus Q1 of fiscal year 2016. And finally, our operating cash flow of $116 million was $5 million higher than in Q1 of last year. I'll now turn to the guidance for fiscal year 2017. We are raising the core revenue growth guidance of 4% to 4.5% that we provided in November by 25 basis points or $11 million. The new core revenue growth guidance is therefore 4.25% to 4.75%. However, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar since our November guidance is expected to have a negative impact of about $36 million on full-year reported revenues. Finally, we expect to generate $11 million in revenue from the Multiplicom acquisition, which closed on January 20. The net impact of the increase in core revenue guidance, negative currency headwinds, acquisition of Multiplicom, and rounding is a reduction in revenue guidance of $20 million. As a result, we now expect fiscal year 2017 revenues of $4.33 billion to $4.35 billion. Turning to EPS, we are reaffirming our November guidance of $2.10 to $2.16, even as currency and acquisition have a negative impact of $0.03, most of it currency related. There is no change to our previous guidance of $825 million operating cash flow, $200 million CapEx, and buyback of $430 million for the year. Finally, moving to the guidance for our second quarter, we're expecting Q2 revenues of $1.040 billion to $1.060 billion, reflecting typical second quarter seasonality versus Q1. The midpoint corresponds to core revenue growth of 3.5%. The sequential reduction in revenues will translate into a sequential reduction in EPS, and we expect Q2 EPS to range from between $0.47 to $0.49 or a 9% year-over-year increase at midpoint. With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, you're correct, Paul. We are selling more than 60% of our business in U.S. dollars, and less than 40% mostly around our service and consumable business and also locally produced products in renminbi. So overall, the renminbi weakened by about 7%, if I recall, on a year-over-year basis. The impact for us in terms of the top line was about a 3-point reduction. So in local currency, our growth in China would have been mid-double digit versus low double digit as it is on a reported basis. Besides that, we are perfectly hedged in terms of the bottom line in China with local manufacturing as well as a strong presence of setting our local currency revenue.
Didier Hirsch: So in terms of the – we basically have maintained the operating margins at 21.2%. Last time it was 21.25% which rounded to 21.3%. This time, it's 21.25% that rounds to 21.2%. There's no change. The idea was to maintain it. There was a little bit of currency impact which we could have offset, so consider the operating margin unchanged at 21.25% as it was in the first half. There was no intention to reduce it except the rounding ended up tight with that.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. I would say, regarding DGG, no, we consider this as being the new normal. I'm looking at Jacob, and he agrees. And regarding ACG, a slight reduction on the gross margin. What happened is there was a little bit higher than normal inventory adjustments, and that was one factor, and then a little bit also on the currency front. And the last factor which impacted ACG but not Agilent overall is how at the beginning of the year we changed our locations among our three businesses, and Mark [Doak] in ACG was fortunate to grow faster than the other businesses, basically saw a little bit of a bigger increase in allocation of our shared services. Again, no impact to Agilent overall, but it did explain a little bit of the ACG year-over-year performance.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah. And it's similar to what basically the guidance we provided last November. We were talking about 6% kind of core revenue growth for pharma for the whole year and we are about at that level.
Didier Hirsch: An improvement. I was comparing to obviously last time. So what we are – I should say we are migrating towards the new normal. And thanks for asking for a clarification, because we – Jacob is still very, very, very – I mean, he's going after the 20%.
Didier Hirsch: Firstly, in terms of the cash repatriation, you're absolutely right, it would be a positive, not just when it's effective but also on an ongoing basis as we continue to generate the lion's share of our cash offshore. And so on an ongoing basis, we'd have access to that cash, which is great. Then regarding the border tax adjustment, yes, we looked at our imports and exports like everybody else, and we are fairly balanced. We are very balanced. So the level of imports and level of exports are about similar. And we export about 70% of the production in the U.S. and we import in the U.S. about 70% of what is manufactured outside. So net-net, it will be very neutral.
Didier Hirsch: So the effects of the tax reform that we are eager to understand to know more about and read all the details. But at this point in time, it's speculation.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah. We are overall – I mean certainly ACG was not impacted per se on the new product and things like that. But you are absolutely correct that whenever we introduce new products it's an opportunity to increase our gross margin for two reasons. Number one is we know the design our products using the latest and greatest of value engineering kind of techniques. And then second, because we introduce products that are truly differentiated, we're able to price them into – it's a great example. So we do – you will see the gross margins going up over time and throughout the year. I cannot quantify precisely the impact of pricing, new product introduction and a few other things. And again, Q1 was a little bit special, especially for ATG because of the fact that I noted.
Michael R. McMullen: Hey, Paul. I'm going to start off with a good afternoon from California, and I'm going to pass it over to Didier.
Michael R. McMullen: No. Actually I'd say the flow – and again, I just want to clarify. I hope it came through clear in my remarks. It really was the chemical side, the chemical energy, and we saw the order flow consistent throughout the quarter.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. So I'd say there's really no momentum in academia & government right now. We're still seeing fairly subdued levels and constrained levels of funding. There's almost sort of a wait-and-see kind of attitude we're seeing in some of the agencies here, for example, in the United States. Pharma continues to perform quite strongly. As you know, we talked about as we came into 2017, we expect continued strong demand in pharma, although the growth rates would come down as we ran into some tough compares. So pharma is really a development just as we thought coming into 2017. No surprises there. And then I will say the one surprise that we had in Q1 was the fact that we finally saw some signs of growth in the chemicals side of the chem & energy market in the first quarter.
Michael R. McMullen: So I'm going to pass on the first question since we stopped our reporting on orders a while back. But what I can tell you is we have good visibility going forward from, I'd say the three- to six-month timeframe, so that's typically how we can see our sales funnels. And then probably two-thirds of our revenue in the coming quarter perhaps can come from the existing backlog. So we have pretty good visibility I'd say in the three- to six-month timeframe in terms of the order funnel. But as you'll hear me talk a little bit later, I'm sure it'll come up in the Q&A, is although we are pleased to see the return of growth in the chemical side of the chem & energy market, I don't think one quarter is a trend yet, so we're still going to be keeping a close eye on that one.
Michael R. McMullen: Derik, I really appreciate the opportunity to talk about that. As I highlighted in my conference call, we're also getting some nice external recognition. But what's most important is what customers are saying about the product. And we've got a lot of excitement in our customer base. Now as you know, we had indicated earlier the sales cycle here is going to be a little bit longer because the customers are going to want to check out the product. So we placed a large number of demo units. The orders are starting to come in, but I'd say it's really – we're still early in the – regarding the ramp in the volume so we're really delighted by how the customers are perceiving the new offering. The surprise for us, I have to say, has been what we've been calling the halo effect which is we're also seeing a lot of interest in our other GC platforms, in particular, the 7890 where we're out talking with customers about our new Intuvo GC and they're showing some interest in our other applications to the 7890. So it's, if you will, a halo effect. I think both speak positively about the future for our prospects in gas chromatography. I would also say that in addition to the chemical customers, those customers, particularly contract testing labs in an environmental testing lab, really like the value proposition of the Intuvo tied to the mass spec for the productivity gains. So as a reminder, I think about 6% of the applications base can be covered by this platform, and it goes beyond the chemical side of this. I was just down in Australia talking with one of our contract testing labs, and they really like the productivity benefits that they see with the product. So still too early to call a material impact on our revenue, but the early interest by customers is really quite, quite good.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. Great question, Brandon. So I have to say it's been a while. From my calendar map, it looks like seven quarters. So it was great to finally see a return to growth in management side in the chemical & energy side. And again, just one quarter so we try not to get too far ahead ourselves, but it was an encouraging side after almost two years of declines of instrument sales in this segment. I think we're really looking at the back half of this year for we're almost starting to be talking more about into though a ramping in terms of the revenue. Again, we had indicated this last year so this is going to be a slower ramp but then typically a direct replacement product because of the need to try it out. It's so different but our view is it'll start – we'll be talking more about our revenue impact probably in the second half of this year.
Michael R. McMullen: Great. Thanks for that question. I want to make a few opening comments and I'll pass it over to Jacob for some additional detail. But as those on the call probably recall that this was an equity investment we made in a company in Houston, Texas and the idea here is to be able to complete our development of an integrated workflow for the clinical diagnostics market and part of revision is a call option which we have in front of us, and I think Jacob perhaps you can remind everybody the timing and how you think we're coming so far.
Michael R. McMullen: Isaac, I appreciate the opportunity to clarify remarks. So I think the reason we've been able to have this ability to continue to, from our perspective, outgrow the average of our peers is the strength of our new offerings. So it's very clear by our growth rates and as we look at some of the – all the data, particularly on the Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group side, we can see where we're picking up a couple of market share. That's why I highlighted in my remarks the value contribution, if you will, on the new offerings. So we think we're picking up shares. I think that when we look at our guide, we're above what our peers are talking about relative to core revenue growth. I would tell you, if you're thinking about upside for the company, I think it really hinges on chemical energy. And let me share with you our thinking as we've put together the guide, particularly for the second quarter. Perhaps I already tipped my hand here, but we said okay, we were encouraged by the fact that the chemical side of the market of that segment is growing, which as a reminder, is about 50% of the total. We're encouraged by the signs but said listen, one quarter is not a trend. So right now, what we're going to do, we're assuming flattish overall growth in our Q2 guide. What that means is if there's some growth there, that would represent some upside to our current guide. So I think that's one macro factor that could help us on the top line if in fact this return to growth is sustained. But I would want to reemphasize the fact that we think these new offerings are really making a difference in the marketplace and allowing us to pick up some sustained momentum.
Michael R. McMullen: I'm going to make a little bit of comment, and then, Jacob, I'll allow you to provide the more lengthy response this time. So the overall theme here is we're continuing to try to build out our genomics portfolio, particularly as it focuses into clinical research and ultimately into the routine diagnostics segment. And why don't you just describe for the audience why we bought the company and what we're hoping to be doing.
Michael R. McMullen: So on the instruments side, we obviously will benefit from the growth. But also as we've mentioned in prior calls, we have a series of initiatives underway and our order fulfillment team really focusing on improving the gross margin. I think they're starting to see somewhat of an impact of those efforts on the instrumentation side of our business.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, we've been pretty consistent in our view. We think it's going to be mid- to high-single digits. So we would expect our ability to sustain growth rates coming in this area throughout the year. So the first quarter, you're right and I appreciate the recognition. We had really stellar growth Q1 of last year so we were pleased that's how the numbers are coming in. And I'd say, Didier will probably expect some kind of similar patterns through the year.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, we remain fairly conservative on our outlook on Europe in general. I think we're basically assuming flat; not a lot of growth at all in Europe. And I think the – it varies a bit by end market. I think the most subdued are those that are the recipients of government funding. So the government funding side of the European market is really, really, quite soft as well as the chemical and energy market. And I haven't really talked about this yet in the call, but the U.S. and European refineries are really under a lot of margin pressure and they're getting new competition coming in from the U.S. shale gas producers who now can produce alternatives with ethane to the naphtha products that come off of crude refineries. So I think the chem & energy guys are still quite cautious. I think the bright spots are probably the pharma and food testing side. Those areas of investment ties directly to the human health investments that those parts of the world want to make.
Michael R. McMullen: Thanks for the question. I really appreciate the opportunity to talk a bit more about this. So this again for the audience, when we talk about our chemical energy business, we talk about it in three primary segments: 15% in exploration related; 35% in refining related, so about half in what I would say energy; and then about 50% on the chemical side. So that 50% on the chemical side grew in the first quarter, energy did not. And I think it's pretty well-publicized that the exploration side still remains fairly subdued. Again, there's interest coming from customers in the exploration side but we haven't seen it yet turn into revenue. I think the real interesting thing is what's going on with the refinery side because it's sort of a mixed story here because the U.S. and European refiners, their profits continue to be quite slim and I think in 2016 they're about the half of the level of 2015. And what's going on here really are a flat demand, and as I mentioned earlier, increased competition for natural gas alternatives. These guys continue to relentlessly manage CapEx and OpEx expending. So hopefully, that will translate into an interest in our new offerings which gives them a cost advantage so that's why we talk a lot about the Intuvo GC and what it might do in this segment. The Asia refining site is a little bit different which is they're actually adding capacity so there's a number of projects that are still set to come online in 2017 and 2018 which could lead to some new demand. I wouldn't use the word conservative. I would use the word perhaps prudent so what we're saying is one quarter is not yet a trend but I would be very forthright to say this would represent upside to our guide if this growth rate continues in this segment. Hopefully that's helpful insight.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, that's a great question and you have the numbers right. So when we look at the install base instrumentation, it's well in excess of 150,000 so a huge addressable market for us so that's why we've had a lot of excited about the offering. I think this is a multiyear upgrade cycle, and I think I'd put three to five years, four to five years is probably a good number given our experience in the LC side, so.
Michael R. McMullen: No. No, not really. The seasonality of our business in Q1 was very consistent with historical patterns so nothing really unusual. Now typically we see a lot of activity from shipment and order bookings in December for the calendar year end money and patterns are what we've seen in prior years.
Michael R. McMullen: Thanks for the opportunity to provide some more insight here. So I think there's a macro statement above all three of those market segments, which are specific government policies that are driving sustained growth in China. So the CFDA is focusing on really changing the fundamentals of the Chinese pharma industry, and the Chinese pharma companies are investing aggressively to adhere to the new rules. Lots going on in terms of the environmental cleanup efforts consistent with the China five-year plan. There's been a lot more publicized work around lead in water, for example. So I'd say the focus in China environmentally, both in terms of water, soil, and air analysis is really going well. I think I may have mentioned this in the prior call, but the real step up has been in the area of soil analysis for remediation of construction areas. And then finally, the growth in food safety continues. So I really think the government policies across those three segments are really driving very strong growth for us in China.
Michael R. McMullen: I think you should just think about this as the nature of the beast. This space, and particularly in the United States, tends to be very lumpy with lots of big deals. So it just so happened we had some big deals last year, we didn't have them this year. So we're not seeing anything fundamentally different in terms of the funding levels in the United States beyond there does seem to be some level of wait-and-see to figure out – people are trying to figure out where all the new government policies might land here in 2017. But I wouldn't read too much into the first quarter number. Our view was just a by-product of the timing of deal activity.
Michael R. McMullen: Sure, Tim. I'm going to pass it over to Didier. He's done some high-level analysis on how we think about it.
Michael R. McMullen: You have a great recollection of the progression of the agencies in China because, as you know, a couple years ago we were pointing to a slowdown in this area because of the reorganization. So I'd say we're probably still in the early innings of this. If you follow the typical five-year plan, this is an area of focus, so I think we're probably still in the early innings of the growth in the food area. I think it's primarily food safety, but I will tell you what is growing very quickly is the food authenticity. We're looking for various forms of counterfeiting of products that may be trying to find their way into the market. So it's still being driven by food safety, but the authenticity side of things is really growing quite strongly. Both from a government customs perspective, but also our private sector clients also want to ensure some testing is done.
Michael R. McMullen: It's an important part of Jacob's Genomics business but we don't provide a level of detail outside the company, sorry. But it's a nice business for us. I'll just leave it at that.
Jacob Thaysen: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. It's approximately a year ago we made the investment, I think it was in March, and the call option is next March in 13 months from now. So there's a little bit of time. In the meantime, we have a really good relationship with Lasergen and are working together as one team. They have the primary focus on developing the box and the rest of the genomics team is highly focused on developing the rest of the workflow including automation upfront, and of course putting interpretation in place also through the Cartagenia. And with the recent acquisition of Multiplicom, we also have panel that fits very well into the clinical market. So overall we continue to be highly excited. The program is running forward according to our planned expectations, but I think that the next you can say milestone will be when and if we decide to make the call of the Lasergen.
Jacob Thaysen: Let me do that, Mike. And again, the overarching strategy for DGG and one reason also why the integration of Dako is so important is that we see a tremendous opportunity in the cancer diagnostics space. Molecular profiling would be a key element in the cancer diagnostic going forward together with sustaining where pathology – the Dako pathology business is very strong today. So what we saw as the opportunity of Multiplicon is that with our workflow that we're building together with Lasergen and with the Cartagenia integration, we could see that our current target investment business, SureSelect, is very strong on larger panel up to Exon business, which really fits the genetic disorder space. If we go into cancer, you are looking for more targeted panels, and there we could see that the Multiplicon offering was stronger than what we have in-house. So we thought it was a very good opportunity both short term to leverage our current sales force to guard and fill a broader range of investment portfolio. And then of course, in the future integrate it into the full workflow together with the Lasergen, the Cartagenia, and use that as an opportunity to go out with a fully validated system in the future.
Jacob Thaysen: So I will say first of all, we continue to be very pleased with the uptick off the PD-L1. Last year was really about second line and this year will be about first line so we expect a pickup again. I do believe that we will see a contribution to our performance, but I don't think that it will bring us up in the double-digit growth area as one assay is not making the whole DGG. But we continue to see a very strong contribution and I'm very pleased with what we see in PD-L1.
