Didier Hirsch: Thank you Mike and hello everyone. As Mike stated, we are very pleased with our Q4 and full-year performance. We delivered above-market core revenue growth of 6.2% and 6.4% respectively, and our operating margin adjusted for income from Keysight was 21.9% and 19.6% respectively.  Excluding the $40 million annual cost dis-synergies resulting from the Keysight spinoff, our operating margin was up 240 basis points in Q4 and up 170 basis points for the full year. We are therefore well on our way to deliver on the committed 400 basis points improvement in adjusted operating margin by fiscal year ‘17. Our hedging strategy, consisting of both structural and systematic financial hedges was put to the test this year and delivered very well. Thanks to structural hedging stemming from our global footprint, flow-through was just 20% and we also gained $18 million from our systematic cash flow hedges.  Turning to capital returns and cash flow for the year, we returned $400 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks and generated $491 million in operating cash flow. We did not repurchase stock in the fourth quarter, but we intend to repurchase this quarter, subject to customary conditions. I will now turn to the guidance for fiscal year 2016. Our fiscal year ‘16 revenue guidance of $4.15 billion to $4.17 billion corresponds to a core revenue growth of 4.0% to 4.5%. It is based on October 30 exchange rates and takes into account the Cartagenia and Seahorse acquisitions, as well as the XRD divestiture and NMR exit. We expect currency will have a 1.7% negative impact on revenues.  Regarding XRD and NMR, fiscal year ‘15 revenues were $58 million and fiscal year ‘16 revenues are expected to be $12 million. We project fiscal year ‘16 EPS to range from $1.85 to $1.91, growing 6% to 10 %, based on an adjusted operating margin of 20.0% to 20.5%. You will notice that we are projecting a narrow revenue and EPS range at this time. We believe that 4.3% core revenue growth and 20.3% adjusted operating margin are the proper midpoints, taking into account both the present macroeconomic environment and our operating margin commitments. With those midpoints, we want to set the low end of our guidance in line with our commitments. Having set those at 4.0% core revenue growth and 20% adjusted operating margin, the high-end of the guidance naturally falls out at 4.5% core revenue growth and 20.5% adjusted operating margin. As you adjust your models for fiscal year ‘16, please consider the following nine points; first, annual salary increases will be effective December 1, 2015. Second, stock-based compensation will be about $57 million and as we front-load the recognition of stock-based compensation, the Q1 expense will be about $22 million. Depreciation is projected to be – that is the third point, depreciation is projected to be $100 million for the fiscal year. Fourth point, the non-GAAP effective tax rate is projected to be 20%. Fifth, we plan to return approximately $635 million in capital to shareholders, including $155 million in dividends and $480 million in buybacks, subject to customary conditions. Six, as communicated at the Analyst and Investor Day in May, we plan to borrow $250 million around February to fund a portion of our buyback program. Seven, net interest expense is forecasted at $68 million, and other income at $7 million, including $12 million billed to Keysight. Eight, for purpose of our EPS guidance, we have assumed a diluted share count of 328 million shares, 7 million less than the average diluted share count in fiscal year ’15. And ninth and last, we expect operating cash flow of $650 million and capital expenditures of $140 million, $42 million over fiscal year ‘15 as we embark on a two-year program to significantly increase the capacity of our nucleic acid facilities.  Now, finally moving to the guidance for our first quarter. We expect Q1 revenues of $1 billion to $1.02 billion and EPS of $0.42 to $0.44. At midpoint, revenue will grow 3.5% year-over-year on a core basis, and EPS will grow 5%. As customary, Q1 EPS is negatively impacted by the December salary increase, the front-loading of stock-based compensation, and the increase in payroll taxes due to the disbursement of the variable and incentive pay of the previous semester. With that, I will turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: Yes Ross, we are looking at the – we also analyzed the delta versus the consensus and it seems to come from a little bit from the revenue side, probably not taking into account the reduction due to RPD, so a little bit on that. A little bit on the operating margin percentage and a quite significant number surprisingly on other income and expense.  And I must say, you are the only one who nailed that number exactly, precisely and we’ve seen that in other cases quite significant differences in other income and expense. And I remind everybody that especially net interest expense this year we incurred $59 million. We say that we are going to borrow $250 million. We have modeled to borrow it at the middle of February and therefore we’ll add about $9 million of interest expense. So basically I think those were the main factors.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, on the cash flow basis your correct. When we started the year, we talked about $600 million of operating cash flow and now we are at $500 million. But already at the Analyst Day we had adjusted that number, although we provided a number excluding one-time items, but it was if I recall $555 million and since then I mean we’ve been exactly in line with the commitment. So the number is about $500 million. The reason why it’s down from the initial estimate is mostly related to currency, mostly that’s what it is. And again, we are in line with our commitment since the analysis day. 
Didier Hirsch: Yes, I mean there’s a lot of moving parts, but nothing has fundamentally changed, except that we exceeded our first year opening margin expansion goal basically achieving 170 basis points. So we are now one year or three up, 43% of our goal. So we are a little bit ahead of what we had committed to and as stated by Mike, we certainly didn’t want to assume a second fantastic year like this one or at least provide that as a guidance at this place, at this time and decided to have a guidance that is somehow conservative.  But nothing has fundamentally changed, but the moving parts are really I mean like this. I mean the salary increases, I mean all the different components, the new trends to our projections regarding the benefits from the NMR exit, from the Agile Agilent program, from the fact that we have the FDA warning there behind us, the OSS, the order fulfillment annual improvement, there’s really no chance. The only chance I would say is a positive chance we’re slightly ahead of the game at the end of Tier 1.
Didier Hirsch: I can take this, yes. So you’re actually right. We see currently marketing really bottoming out, so we don’t expect any major further declines on the exploration side, which gives us confidence that the growth rate that Mike projected and being in the low single digits combined chemical energy should also materialize moving forward. We are now like four to five quarters in this situation with the low oil price and we had been mainly hit in the first couple of quarters on the exploration side and now we see this really bottoming out.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, I mean we have about $200 million of cash we had at the end of October in the U.S., plus $235 million in escrow for the Seahorse, which was put to good use on November 1. The rest of the cash is overseas. We’ve had a good year in terms of being able to repatriate some of that overseas cash into the U.S., that’s why we ended there with $435 million about and we are looking for continued support to bring back some of the cash tax effectively, but you feel most of the cash that we generate is overseas.
Didier Hirsch: Similar to what we have seen in 2015, so about 20%. We think that currency will have an impact of about $68 million for the year and the impact on the operating profit is about 14, 15. 
Didier Hirsch: Well, so in the past I had talked about 2015 and the fact that we ended about high free cash flow that what I had motioned at the time, and the reason why you don’t – I mean we are not comparing apple-to-apple is just because of the one-time expenses. So if you want doing the follow-up calls and I will do that with each of you. We can go over the one-time items and the impact those have. That’s probably the best to do.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, there is no change to the guidance that we have provided. We had about $15 million of cost reductions and expense reduction in fiscal year ’15. Next year we anticipate an additional $5 million, in line with what we had previously stated. 
Didier Hirsch: So on the first question, Dan we will have the usual higher operating margin in the second half than in the first half based on volume and also because on the actions that we are taking throughout the year, which will have a more of an impact in terms of cost and expense reduction, already in the second half because of the carry over impact. So you should see a fairly steady ramp in operating margin throughout the year, very much in line with the usual seasonality and the pattern.
Mike McMullen: Yes, thanks Isaac. I appreciate the opportunity to comment on our philosophy around the thinking behind the guidance. As you know I mentioned earlier, this is the first year the New Agilent Technologies. It is also my first year in the CEO seat and I had a chance to reflect on how we have guided the company over the last year.  And what I decided to do was really take a, if you will a more prudent and conservative outlook to our guidance and a couple of factors were in my thinking. One is, first the world has really changed since May when we spoke to the group about the longer term outlook for the company’s growth and the macro outlook has come a lot more challenging since then.  We’ve seen IMF grow on the GDP and some of our larger chemical customers who have taken down their outlook for ’16 and I thought just bringing down the guidance of bid in terms of the top-line mid-point or half point or so was a prudent way to plan for the company. We’ll take a look at the business as it develops over the quarter or two, but really wanted to take a more prudent and conservative outlook into 2016.  I will also remind you that we are not altering our commitments to achieving our 22% operating margin by 2017 and then the number of the conversations over the last several months, we’ve indicated that we can make those margin improvements even at a 4% top line revenue growth scenario. And then maybe just one final note here, as a reminder when we provide guidance, our internal plans are always higher and that’s our executives are compensated within the company.  So hopefully the additional color will help in terms of understating our thinking a little bit more deeply, Isaac. 
Mike McMullen: Sure, how about if I go ahead and make some commentary on China, then Jacob if you can chime in on the DDG specific questions. So, the results came in China just as we expected. We exited the year in mid-single digit growth rate for the year. Finished the year very strongly in China and we do this as a source of growth for the company. I think you may really, we I think are one of the first to call an early return to growth about this time last year.  For me whether it goes to mid to high single digit range, it will really be depended on what happens in the chemical and energy space. That really is the wildcard I think for our overall growth rate in China next year. But the business developed as forecasted and we are quite pleased with how we ended the year. And with that, I’ll pass it over to Jacob on the DGG question. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, thanks Ross. I appreciate the question. So relative to how your thinking has evolved since the May, I think I would point to two things; one is the chemical and energy space. This is the fourth quarter in a row for us in terms of flat growth and now it’s still a robudence [ph] in our environmental business because we are really not getting the same volume and that was associated with the fracking in the U.S. That’s the one where we’ve kind of pushed out the timing in terms of the return of growth. The business is holding steady, but is not yet to a growth trajectory.  So I think point one would be kind of a longer timeline in terms of the return to growth in the chemical and energy sector and then the other one is the impact, what we are seeing in some of the emerging economics, Brazil, Russia continue to be quite weak for us, albeit we have good strength in India and as I mentioned earlier China. And I think third was just an outlook of being a little bit more conservative and prudent on our overall guidance assumptions. And Didier, I think Ross’s math is correct on other income, but would you like to add some comments on that. 
Mike McMullen: Hey Ross, this is Mike. Well I’ll go ahead and handle the first part of the question and then I’ll bounce it back to you Didier for the second part of the Ross’s question. So hey Ross, I do really appreciate the question, but we are not really in a position to comment on the circumstances around the stock repurchases in to Q4. But I would remind you is that are going to resume repurchase this quarter and as Didier mentioned in his remarks, I believe we are targeting $480 million of repurchases in 2016. And Didier can you address the second quarter. 
Mike McMullen: Thank you John and I do really appreciate the question, but as we mentioned previously, we are no longer reporting on coming in orders. But I would say that the guidance reflects of you, of conservatism, not any concerns on the order front.
Mike McMullen: Sure Dane, I’ll be happy to. So as we looked at the growth assumptions by end markets, I think the biggest one I think will be chemical energy, which is as you know 25% of the company and we’re assuming flat for the entire year.  The applied markets low single digit growth, higher for food, but really no growth in the environmental side of that segment and then as Patrick mentioned earlier, government and academia in the low single digits, pharma high single digits and the diagnosis and the clinical markets are also high single digits. So you can see there’s quite a mix between the pharma and diagnostics market of differential versus the chemical energy space.
Mike McMullen: Yes Dane, if I could just add some additional comments here too. So we’re really quite pleased with how we performed this first year. I think we’re well in that trajectory to 22% and finally we found a way to get there even if we got a little bit lower on the top line revenue.  I also would say that part of our thinking was influenced by many of our major systems infrastructure programs, which I think I’ve talked to you in the past around the Agile Agilent. These are multiyear programs and a lot of them will start hitting into the end of 2016. So we started to get the real big million dollar cost savings coming out of our infrastructure in ’17. So we’re right on our plan, in fact ahead of our internal plan. So we’re quite confident in our ability to get to that 22, but there are some timing issues related to some of our major, major programs. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, let me make some general comments and then if you have anything specific to add onto that, Patrick that would be great. Clearly if the NIH funding would go up, that would be a positive for the business, albeit I think as Patrick will share, it’s not a huge part of the overall funding for our company, but that will be positive news and that’s also as I said earlier, we’ll watch the business for the next quarter or two and kind of see where things go. So if these positive developments happen, it will be reflected in our view of the outlook for the business.  But what we did want to do is plan on a lot of good news now given some of the uncertainty of either budgets being finalized or where some of these end markets and economies are going. And Patrick, I can’t remember the exact percentage of our funding to NIH. So maybe you can add a little color there as well.
Mike McMullen: And Patrick, if I can just add one final comment here. Tim, your focused on the technologies driving a lot of the growth in our reported pharma results, but also call your attention to the Agilent CrossLab group who delivered another double digit growth in the fourth quarter and we’re seeing strong demand for our services in consumables CrossLab services and consumables in the pharma as well as our technology offerings.
Mike McMullen: Tycho you broke up a bit. I think what you asked was we had put up double digit growth and was anything of a one-time nature in this most recent quarter. I just want to make sure I understand the question.
Mike McMullen: No, we had several quarters in a row where we had double digit growth in pharma, so it’s really and as Mike said, moving forward we see it continue to grow into high single digits at least.
Mike McMullen: Yes, we’ve talked about it at the Analyst and Investor Day of potentially two deals of the size of Seahorse per annum. Obviously it could be slightly bigger, but we were not looking at any larger deals in the short term, but we are ready to take on the two deals of that size per year perhaps, slightly bigger.
Mike McMullen: So yes, we are not providing the projections per segment, however I will tell you and that won’t surprise you that our instrument segment LSAG will have slightly lower than the average and our other two segments Agilent CrossLab and DGG will have higher growth rate than the average.
Mike McMullen: Brandon, thanks. I’d love to take that call. It’s a great story and I think I’ll allow Jacob the pleasure of responding to that one.
Mike McMullen: Brandon, this is Mike again. The beauty of this business is we will get long term customer commitments for purchase volumes and then you’ll start to see this show up in a very significant amount of revenue as you get in the outer years like ’17 and ’18 for the company.
Mike McMullen: I think that was me. I said we were expecting mid single digit growth in China and what could happen Brandon, kind of what happened in the chemical and energy, we could see that get to high single digit growth as an overall market. Just some additional color here. We expect the pharma, the food and environmental segments to continue to be quite strong as an end market, along with continued interest in the services and consumables. Again the wildcard that will lure us between the two estimate points would be what growth rate we would see in the chemical and energy space, but it looks like a solid growth market for us year and then again what happens to chemical and energy, we could see more end market growth than what we are projecting now. 
Mike McMullen: Yes Miro, this is Mike, thanks for the question. Although we don’t specifically comment on orders, what I can just refer you to is your overall view of the results for the quarter in a revenue standpoint and its four quarters in a row are flat. I believe earlier Patrick used the comments that we think we bottomed out and I think that applies to China as well.
Mike McMullen: Great question, and I think as you know we try to align our investments to where we see the best growth prospects. But I have to say that the market has been fairly consistent in terms of how it’s developed relative to our internal view of where to place our bets and I’d say no. I don’t think there’s any really fundamental changes to our investments and technology front or in places where we are building out our channel coverage. 
Mike McMullen: Sure Dough, these are very important questions. So I appreciate the opportunity to add some additional clarity. So if I miss anything please come back to me, but I think I’ve got the key points here. One is, let’s start with the view of 22%, how depended it is on a higher level of revenue.  As I may have indicated earlier in a call its 4%, 4.5%, we will make the 22% operating profit in 2017. And I say that with a lot of confidence, because of the results we have put up over the last three quarters, plus I know we have a number of major programs that we have to deliver on their projected cost savings. You start to see those near the tail-end of ’16 going into ’17. They are completely independent of revenue.  We are assuming no significant change of revenue mix beyond what we have shared at the Analyst Day and also what you saw in the results. We do expect our ACG and DGG Groups to grow faster than LSAG, but LSAG will also grow. We do expect our non-instrument product lines to grow faster.  And in terms of the commentary, we saw no real change in fundamental demand coming through and existing the quarter. The comments we made about revenue I think speak directly to how we saw the quarter develop, and again back to how you made it all off a question. I mean part of it is a reflection on 2015 guidance and also the fact that we do want to be prudent out the gate and a little bit more conservative. It’s still early in the year, and there are couple of things that are trying to handicap in terms of what’s going on with chemical and energy, how will the emerging markets hold up in some of the economic concerns they have.  But I would not at all take this as a lack of confidence in the business going forward or any kind of significant last quarter changes. In fact we are really, really pleased with the way the year closed, the numbers we put up and how they closed off our first year.  So Didier, I’m going to let you handle the last questing of the bridge between the free cash flow of 620 to...
Mike McMullen: Sure, relative to NMR, as you know we excited the NMR hardware business but have maintained the service relationship and that continues to go very well in terms of our ability to service and support our customers and it’s really a major part of our thinking when we closed down the hardware business. But we really wanted to preserve and mitigate the impact of our customers. So we are in a position to be able to handle their long term service needs. And Didier, I think you’ve got some specifics on the expectations for next year. 
Mike McMullen: Thanks Paul. I appreciate the opportunity to answer. Great, great question. So we see the U.S. as a real area of strength, albeit some of the commentary around what may happen in terms of the chemical energy space and how its impacting the U.S. business. So we see the market there being very robust and was a source of strength for the company for the quarter and for the year. So we are looking forward to continued strength in the U.S.  And I think the same call in Europe and Europe holds as well. I think part of our European business the report has been – it includes some of the Middle East and Eastern European courtiers and would have been a little bit of a challenge for us, particularly in the chemical and energy space. But overall Western Europe and Germany in particular has been extremely strong for us and we are seeing no indication of that is changing for us in our European based business. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, that’s correct Paul and you hit the right categories where it really affects our gas Chromatography business where we have such a strong position in that segment. I think that was one of the mix issues that Patrick had alluded to earlier. And then in the metals and mining, that’s where we really have seen a slowdown as it relates to our Spectroscopy business.  So you might look at say in 2016 that we could see some reported revenues versus easy compares, but we’ll wait till we call it in. But again, we think that it looks like to us that the market may have bottoms and that perhaps the worst is behind us. 
Mike McMullen: Yes, I mean we think so. I mean customers are starting to talk about the new technologies and replacement, particularly as it relates to data systems and associated systems. Some of the customers are still fairly conservative. You know BASF was out with a downgrade in term of their outlook for ’16. But at the same point in time, the equipment is required to keep their facilities running at the highest levels of operational efficiency, so there is an active funnel. So we now are seeing to start closing some business. 
Mike McMullen: One Didier, one additional thought here might be looking at Q2, Q3 revenue year-over-year and that we had some logistical start up issues in our Q2 where we have some track revenue.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, hi Isaac. Yes, you’re right that our gross margin came down a little bit and it’s really due to the mix that we in Q3 had higher number of ratings and we had a little bit higher number of instruments in Q4. But that’s just the variability between the quarters and nothing you can say fundamentally has changed. 
Jacob Thaysen: Hey Steve, as you know we don’t provide insight on the individual divisions, but I can say that we continue to see strong performance in our pathology business and this continues to break records in placements and that obviously is driving the growth there. So we see great growth there in our companion diagnostic business, with all the activities around the recent launches within the PDL-1, it’s also a great growth driver. So overall I see great momentum in the businesses, but the actual number I cannot comment on.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, thank you. So as you know our nuclear gases solution division is manufacturing oligos for active pharmaceutical ingredients and we have seen a significant demand for those products over the last few years and we continue to see demand that actually is beyond our current capacity, and therefore we’ve decided to invest in expanding that capacity over the next few years and this is actually what has been reflected in that buy. This activity will set in the DGG business.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure, thanks Mike. Regarding the operating margin you have to realize that we first and foremost had all sort of dis-synergies of this plate, which brought us down about a 1% compared to last year. And then if we look at the product mix that we have this quarter, it was a little bit different that the quarters before in terms of we had less cheesy, given the exposure we had in the oil industry, in the chemical and energy market and a little bit while other pieces in spectroscopy came up. So product mix had also a minor impact, but the biggest one you have seen is probably through there, because of the dis-synergies. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure, thanks, happy to take it. So as Mike alluded to first, it was tough compared to last year. This is one of the major reasons why it has been flat or slightly negative this quarter. And we had also lower spending in the US, it was softer than we had expected especially in September. For a very specific month we have seen smaller deals and our customers are a little bit more cautious given the budget uncertainties they have seen in some areas. So looking forward we actually [Audio Gap].
Patrick Kaltenbach: Well, on a worldwide base I would say is what we have seen is that it was more solid in Europe and in China and Japan it was also flat for the last quarter. So the biggest impact we have seen was definitely in the U.S. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: You mean, okay for the deals in the US. Again, last year given we had these double digit growth, it was based on several large deals we had. Those large deals, we haven’t seen the same magnitude this year, this is what I wanted to say. So they were smaller compared to last year. This is also brought the overall growth down in the U.S.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Well, I don’t have the exact funding, but I agree with you that we didn’t bake in numbers like the ones have just been mentioned, certainly not the 5% they are going at low single digit projections on the budgets. So if there is upside, we’ll be happy to take it.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, so these are several questions at once. So let me start with the platforms that drive the growth. Actually we had very competitive platforms for the pharmaceutical and the biopharmaceutical markets. The biggest growth driver right comes actually out of the LC business, which drives a lot of replacement business off the installed basis.  You probably know we had more than [140,000 1,100] [ph] systems installed worldwide. A lot of them are in the pharma space and the offering we have today with the Infinity II series gives a seamless replacement of the systems which have a much higher performance, better efficiency, so a huge improvement from our customers. So that resonates well and it resonates actually well across the board, whether its smaller pharma or large pharma. The large deals of course come mainly out of the large pharmas and we have seen several big deals in the U.S., as well as in Europe in the last quarter. The second piece of the question was regarding biopharma. In biopharma we see actually higher growth moving forward than in small molecule pharma and we continue to address this also with more specific solutions around our LCMS portfolio and some of it also in the spectroscopy space.  So I think we have a very attractive portfolio for our customers. We have a lot of good new releases. This year out with the 6470 Triple-Quad system which is well received from pharma as well and they will continue to drive growth for us in this space.
Patrick Kaltenbach: No, I’ll take that again. Again the compare for us this quarter was mainly a difficult compare, because we had a strong Q4 last year with double digit growth with some exceptional large deals in this space. The pause or the slowdown we have seen in September, where they usually have low budget release to some extent came back in October, so we’ve seen for the year and we are on track with what we project in the low to mid single digit growth rate for academia and government.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Hey Dan, let me address the other question also. So you asked about the right that we developed the PD-L1 for the Autostainers right now, and the reason is that these activates is ongoing for many years also, so we start off with the Autostainers packing base, where we also have the highest installed base. But your absolutely right that we are actively also moving it over to the Ominous and will clear have our full portfolio on the Ominous going forward, including our companion diagnostics, so that will happen. 
