Bob McMahon: As was recently disclosed, the PDUFA date is scheduled for the end of this fiscal -- calendar year. So there’s not any material revenue associated with this built into our fiscal year guide, but we are very excited about the opportunity in 2023 and beyond.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. So, I think very similar to what we had talked about at the very beginning of the year. The two strongest markets will continue to be our Pharma and Chemical and Energy market. I think, as we look at those, certainly, both of them performed better than we expected in Q1 and our expectation is that, those will continue to be the driver of growth for the full year, with Pharma probably at a roughly double-digit growth and Chemical and Energy about that high single-digit, double-digit growth as well, and then, followed very closely by Diagnostics in -- at high single-digits. And then food, environmental and academia and government are probably in the low-to-mid single digits, which is pretty consistent with our expectations at the beginning of the year. And it’s slightly different, but same directional for Q2 with Pharma probably being a little stronger.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. We are very excited about our portfolio and how it plays into that space and are believing that that strong growth will continue going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. I will jump in there. it -- yeah, the team has done a fantastic job really driving margin and if we look at it, it’s a combination of being able to cover our costs from the standpoint of the increased logistics and material costs, as well as very strong management discipline in the operating expenses. So it’s a combination of being successful in our price, which we had talked about before and covering those costs, as well as being able to leverage kind of our infrastructure across all three of the groups.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. So let me take the second part first. As Mike mentioned in the call, our demand continues to be very strong and we actually had order growth that exceeded revenue growth almost 2x and that gives us confidence around the order book going into Q2 really across multiple end markets. And so that gives us the ability to deliver the -- or expected to deliver the high growth in Q2. In regards to the range, there are still uncertainties out there, as Omicron continues to impact, mainly Asia right now and then some other uncertainties. So I think that’s just taking a little wider lens, but we still feel good about the business for the full year.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. No. It doesn’t. There is an element of getting tougher comps, but the momentum continues. I would say for Q2, it’s more timing than anything else relative to the M&A. It is down slightly sequentially, but I would say, in the overall scheme of things, not material.
Bob McMahon: Brandon, as usual, your notes are quite accurate and so let me address a couple of those things. So the Lunar New Year impact came in kind of as we anticipated, which should come back into Q2. That transit time or that $15 million that came in, but we haven’t seen really the improvement. So that’s still opportunities in the second half of this year. Our end of the quarter coincided with the large snowstorm in the U.S., but the shipments were out and we still were able to deliver. In terms of the first question was about Lunar.
Bob McMahon: I knew that there was something else. I was trying to avoid that one on purpose, because we are not going to provide that. But what I can tell you is that, the growth rate of our orders was twice as much as the revenue growth, and I would say, our backlog is the highest it’s ever been.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. Puneet to your first question on the quantification, we are not going to provide that other than what I had answered…
Bob McMahon: Yeah. Patrick, just one other thing, we -- while we grew 3% as we mentioned, if we add back in kind of the Lunar New Year estimate, it was high-single digits, which was in our -- in line with what we had expected and our expectation is that, that’s going to be for the full year as well. Now Q2 will be stronger than that, obviously, as it comes back and we also saw mid-teen -- mid-to-high-teens growth in orders in Q1.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. I mean, for everything that we see, Patrick, funding levels continue in activity within our order book continues to be strong. So it not as strong obviously as the Pharma and C&E areas, which are leading the growth in the Diagnostics, but we are not seeing any fundamentally different performance in that market going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. I will take that, Jack. And I think we mentioned at the beginning of the year that we were estimating roughly a point of growth associated with that was about half of what we had seen normally to cover the increased costs, and what I would say is, through Q1 we are ahead of schedule, which is good.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. I was going to say, we -- the team continues to do a fantastic job and continues to drive even more revenue and product out of the existing capacity and it was a great first quarter and slightly ahead of our expectations. We had expected double-digit growth and that continues to be our expectation before the new train, Train B comes online at the end of this calendar year. And the order book continues to be strong. That team continues to actually build the order book for 2023 and building that demand for that train. So we are extremely excited about that business and are looking forward to not only bringing that up, but also looking for other ways to expand our capacity.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. Yeah. I will take it. It is still relatively small but growing very fast, which the market itself is quite large and so the opportunity here is really in front of us going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. Dan, to build on what Mike was saying, if we looked at those three big areas, over 90% or roughly 90% of our C&E business is actually Chemicals and Advanced Materials. And so the Energy piece is an important component, but that demand around new types of Chemicals, Advanced Materials and so forth is really what’s driving it…
Mike McMullen: Yeah. I would say, for Chemical and Energy, as you know, I mean, our business is really globally based. And so as of right now, we don’t see any material impact to the Chemical and Energy market or our forecast going forward. Obviously, we are watching that closely. And then, I think for environmental and forensics, it’s our smallest market and can be lumpy. There was some impact associated with Chinese Lunar or Lunar New Year in China. But we haven’t seen any impact there. What I would say is we are starting to see some of the disbursements more in our order funnel than in revenue associated with the Infrastructure Initial Bill here in the United States. So I wouldn’t read anything into it in terms of changing in fundamental demand.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. Dave, first of all, thanks for the recognition. We are really pleased with that 32% growth print and we see the underlying demand remaining strong. And Bob, I think, it’s fair to say, we haven’t release any impact at all from …
Mike McMullen: And Bob, I think, you also called out the digital investments we are making. So that’s in particular showing up through the SG&A line as we leverage digital investments.
Mike McMullen: So I appreciate that recognition, Vijay. And as Bob mentioned, the book of business is really quite strong, plus also our services business is really strong Diagnostics. So the recurring revenue side of the house is quite strong.
Mike McMullen: And Brandon, this is Mike. I would just add one comment. There is one word in my script. I really want to make sure that I emphasize here throughout the quarter. So this wasn’t just a calendar December year end kind of story. We saw this order strength throughout the entirety of our fiscal Q1.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. So, first of all, I’d say, that the supply chain environment continues to be quite challenging. On the other hand, I remain quite confident, because our team has found ways to continue to navigate through those and meeting the expectations of customers terms to delivery times. In fact, if I recall correctly, our order cancellation was actually lower this year than prior year. So while I don’t want to imply that it’s all sunny out there in terms of the supply chain, we have been working on this thing for a while. I mean many quarters ago, we were working on this quarter and the second half of this year. So while the environment remains challenged externally, I remain confident in our ability to actually get product to customers when they need it.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. It’s interesting. Sometimes you can get kind of diverted on the headlines out of China, because our business remains quite strong and we are seeing good strength in pharma has really been a key driver for us, which Bob highlighted in the script. But also our Diagnostics business, DDG grew, I think, over 40% in the first quarter, services growth in the mid-teens. So other things that I have talked to you about, which is, in addition to continuing to grow and strengthen our instrumentation portfolio market share in China. We have also been talking about our ability to grow our ACG business in China with that large installed base and the fact that we have historically viewed ourselves of being underpenetrated in Diagnostic and Genomics, and we are really starting to see traction on both of those growth factors. So, again, we feel really confident about the state of the China business, because we don’t have the order book we have, but also these other areas of recurring revenue are really growing, growing well for us and we continue to invest for our customers in China, as I mentioned in my call script. So I think there’s a lot to like about the opportunities in our business in China.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. Thanks for that, Patrick. We saw -- we see the Omicron impact is transitory. We saw that in the U.S., for example, and we would expect to, I think, Bob, you called out in the script back to normal kind of levels in February. So we actually expect the environment to improve over the year. I think we are flattish for Q1. But, Bob, I think, we are calling for mid-singles or so growth for the full year. So that would imply a pickup in growth in this segment later on this year.
Mike McMullen: And Jacob, on the Ultivo, what I think the customers love the combination of performance and the size of the footprint really fits nicely into the diagnostic lab.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. Sure. Happy to address that, Mike. So I appreciate, by the way, the recognition of the variety of where we deploy capital. But there’s a consistent theme across where we deploy capital, which is high growth end markets, which will drive increase to the overall core growth of the company in places where we can leverage the scale and the capabilities we have in the company to really make those businesses even more successful. So I think there’s a timing kind of an underlying theme behind all those acquisitions. So that would continue to be our thesis and our approach, as well as staying focused in the private sector, which we think there’s -- really fits well the Agilent model and often the potential acquired companies and leadership teams really find the Agilent culture, a good place to be and they also see how well we have done with previous acquisitions. So we have got a track record as well that they can point to. And I am on record saying that, we wanted to deploy our balance sheet as part of our overall growth story. It’s part of what we have been calling our build and buy growth strategy. And as you may know, the largest deal that we have done to date has been -- was the acquisition of BioTek, but we believe we can do multiples of that deal and be willing to deploy capital if the right opportunity comes along for us.
Mike McMullen: Great question. So I think this is actually a story both for the Pharma, as well as elements of our Chemical and Energy business. And I’d say right now, not yet material in terms of order book or revenue, but we believe it’s coming.  There’s a lot of discussions with customers that are building new capacity. I would say it’s probably more of a 2023 kind of event. But I think it speaks to the durability of growth that we think we have in Agilent’s two largest end markets. So we are hearing lots of discussions about dual sources of critical components, onshoring of previously offshore critical supply chain elements. So I think the continued supply chain challenges that the world is seeing is only putting more emphasis on that direction. So I’d say right now, it’s in the longer term planning phase. As you know, the analytical laboratory instrumentation is often the last thing that’s added when they bring on new capacity, but we believe it’s coming, but it’s not been material yet to the company’s performance.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. So I am going to have Padraig jump in here with some additional specifics. As you know, I have asked Padraig to take on this role in addition to his leading the overall Agilent Services business. But we are just delighted with the start of this new structure and I think I always say the proofs in the results and we are off to a good start with the fact that we had such a strong Q1 order book throughout the quarter. And Padraig, I know it’s been just a few months where you have been pulling your team together and but I think you are already starting to work with customers differently and maybe you could share some of your thoughts here.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. I’d say if you look at the three sub-segments of the C&E marketplace, we often talk about the Chemicals, Energy and Advanced Materials market. I think it’s the Chemicals and Advanced Materials market segments that are driving the growth here. Now theoretically, when -- although, be it now much -- it’s a very small part of the total number these days, higher oil prices would tend to lead to more investment in that Energy segment portion of the whole market segment. But I can’t remember the exact percentage. I know it’s evolved a bit over time. But I think what’s most interest to us is how does the world view global growth were PMI. So, yes, I think, the highest correlation of growth in this segment relate to PMI and the global growth outlook. But we would -- there could be some more money to invest in exploration, perhaps, if oil prices stay high, but it’s really also really driven by the PMI view. That’s why they still remain positive and that’s why we are optimistic about our ability to grow this overall market throughout the rest of this year.
Mike McMullen: … message here is the, yeah, the Pharma growth was strong for the biopharma, NASD, but also across the rest of the company’s portfolio as well.
Mike McMullen: All I can tell you about is what’s going on in my business, which is its doing very well. So we have got -- we had -- we continue to see very strong business momentum. The market demand is very robust. You may have recall in my script, I tried to call out demand in our chromatography systems remains very robust. We saw double-digit growth again in Q2 -- Q1 2022 off double-digit or the prior year, backlog strong, orders growing faster than revenue. So there’s a lot to like about what’s going on with the LC business.
Mike McMullen: Bob, why don’t we tag team on this, but I’d say, it’s really being driven by not only the NASD business we talked about earlier, but our core LC/MS business. I mean there is some contribution from cell and gene therapy, but it really is coming from the LC/MS business along with really strong growth of services and consumables as well. So, I’d say, it’s really a broad-based story, but really around our core instrumentation platforms along with services and consumables.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. Sure. Happy to do. ACG has been what we are doing has been near and dear to our overall growth strategy for a number of years and we are very excited about the new relationship we have with Avantor. I’d say it’s still very early days, so not yet a material contributor to the topline revenue and that really was all according -- so it’s proceeding according to plan. So I’d say there’s more to come in that regard. And then on the connect rate, yeah, in fact, we called that out on purpose to say, we continue to see higher connect rates with our consumables and services business, and we think that bodes well for future growth. And Padraig, maybe you want to just comment a bit on what you are seeing on the services side and the connect rate.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. I think we had double-digit contract growth and probably more than 10% of Agilent’s revenues now in -- under service contracts.
