William P. Sullivan: Thanks, Alicia, and hello, everyone. Agilent's Q2 orders were up 8%, and Q2 revenues were up 3% over last year. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.78 per share, and operating margin was 19.5%. Our Q2 performance demonstrated our ability to deliver strong results in spite of a challenging economic climate. Here are some of the business highlights. Electronics Measurement revenues were up 5% over last year. EMG's top line strengthened, with a book-to-bill of 1.09. Both orders and revenues were the highest since 2001. Operating margin was 23%. Communications market revenues grew 7% year-over-year, with strong demand for wireless manufacturing test. General-purpose, which includes industrial, computer and semiconductor markets, was up 5% with solid macroeconomic trends in Asia, the Americas and higher contract manufacturing demand. Aerospace and Defense grew 1%, reflecting higher U.S. government demand, partially offset by lower defense contractor business. Last quarter, we introduced the Infiniium Q Series oscilloscopes, with industry-leading real-time bandwidth of 63 gigahertz on 2 channels and 33 gigahertz on 4 channels. These new scopes deliver superior measurement accuracy with the lowest noise and jitter measurement floor in the industry. We also introduced 4 new X-Series signal generators, which provide industry-leading performance at the lowest cost of ownership. Applications include radar, military communications and consumer wireless. In our Bio-Analytical Measurement businesses, you'll recall that a year ago, we experienced some revenue delays from the Varian integration. This resulted in an easier compare last quarter but tougher compares for our second quarter of fiscal 2012. Adjusting for the effect of last year's integration issue, our Analytical business grew 5% versus the reported 2%. My comments will reference the reported revenue. Chemical Analysis revenues were up 2% year-over-year. Operating margin for the quarter was 19%. Food and Petrochemical remained solid, both up 2%, driven by global demand. Environmental and Forensics were up 1%, with strong demand in emerging markets offset by soft government spending in the United States and Europe. Our recently introduced GC/MS Q-TOF continues to gain traction with higher incoming order rates, and we're starting to see a tick-up in orders for the new ICP Triple Quad. We also entered into a cooperative research and development agreement with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to develop new tools to detect and analyze pathogens in food. Life Science revenues were up 1% over a year ago. Operating margin was 13%. Our pharmaceutical business paced ahead of the market with 4% growth as we continue to see good market penetration acceptance. Academic and Government were down 6% over a year ago, reflecting the softness in government spending. We introduced Agilent's SureFISH probes, the next-generation fluorescent in-situ hybridization assays. SureFISH delivers a comprehensive menu of over 400 probes with the industry's leading resolution for a wide range of molecular analysis applications, including cancer research. We also announced a number of extensions to the 1200 Infinity LC product line, setting new benchmarks in performance, versatility and cost of ownership. Agilent also paid its first quarterly cash dividend at the end of April. The initiation of a quarterly dividend reflects Agilent's financial strength and continued growth opportunities and underscores our commitment to enhance shareholder value and return. Agilent enters the second half of fiscal year well positioned to navigate continued economic uncertainty. Our backlog has grown by over $100 million. We continue to deliver industry-leading products to the marketplace, and our expenses continue to be well controlled. The key to Agilent's continued success is our ability to react quickly to business opportunities anywhere in the world. Thank you for being on the call, and now I'll turn it over to Didier.
William P. Sullivan: As you already said, Jon, we do enter Q3 with a very strong backlog, and we have the easier compares, as Didier said, in Q3 and Q4. Right now, our sales funnels look good. In a capital equipment market, these can also turn down quite rapidly if, in fact, there continues to be economic uncertainty. But as we enter into Q3, the sales funnel around the world looks good. And so that's why at this point in time we have confidence in our revenue guidance.
William P. Sullivan: Well, I think in terms of the business, we have 2 areas that we highlighted. Europe is struggling, particularly on the Electronic Measurement side, and Academic and Research on the Life Science side were down. That was more than offset by the wireless manufacturing. That one, of course, will continue to be the most volatile in that. But right now, we continue to play a strong hand on the wireless manufacturing. And again, on adjusted revenue going forward, the rest of our core businesses, in terms of Pharma, Food, Petrochemical and General Purpose, Test & Measurement, look reasonably strong.
William P. Sullivan: Yes, I'll just make a few comments and then turn it over to Guy. But as we said last quarter, there was a lot of softness in the base station purchasing as well as the RF components. And again, high-level has not done a lot better. Wireless manufacturing tests for cell phones has gotten a lot better. But Guy can give more details.
William P. Sullivan: So to give you -- and this quarter is obviously a more of anomaly. Overall, our reported Asia business is flat. China's revenue, ship-to revenue that was delivered in China is up 12%.
William P. Sullivan: Again, we've been very clear on our position that the growth in cell phones, smart cell phones, is continuing to be dominated by G3, and that's where most of our growth is. You are starting to see the LTE G4 rollout in the United States. But again, correct me if I'm wrong, Guy, most of the growth is still all 3G-based.
William P. Sullivan: Yes, as we had noted, the actual growth in Chemical Analysis is roughly 7%. But I'll let Mike give some color commentary. And again, I can't stress our Q1 growth rates in our analytical business in Q1 were overstated by a lot and -- because of the anomaly of the Varian integration, and, again, we're obviously seeing that in the Q2 results.
William P. Sullivan: I think if you look at EMG in its totality and go into the reasons that Didier talked about how we report orders and how we report revenue that the quarter met expectations with slight upside due to manufacturing cell phone test. And I think you really have to look at it holistically and not just isolate one region versus the other.
William P. Sullivan: Yes. Again, we have the same frustration as our investors do. My job reporting to the Board of Directors is to improve the value of Agilent's stock going forward. And a large part of my pay and this executive team's pay is tied to our total shareholder return versus the segments of the S&P 500 that we compete into. I think you alluded to the problem. I've been quite hopeful that there would be common sense and that one would be able to tax-effectively bring back in cash back into the United States tax-effectively. It appears that is not going to happen anytime soon. And essentially, Agilent has $3.9 billion sitting overseas. Our #1 priority continues to look for acquisitions, particularly on the analytical, life science renew and anything that we can do to increase the percentage of reoccurring business. We continue to look for opportunities to be able to deploy that in an acquisition that we have high confidence that we can return long-term value to our shareholders. We continue to, again, lobby and hope, along with the rest of the companies in Silicon Valley, that Congress sees the benefit of bringing in this overseas cash tax-effectively and reinvesting it back in the United States. But again, we share your frustration.
William P. Sullivan: We'll continue to stick with the M&A discipline moving forward. Obviously, our bias is going to be more outside the U.S. than the inside. We are absolutely committed to our investor-grade rating. And I think at this period of time, given the economic uncertainty, to load up the company in debt for a short-term recapitalization isn't a prudent strategy.
William P. Sullivan: Yes. Again, there is an enormous amount of economic uncertainty out there moving forward. Q1, we were surprised to the negative; Q2, we're a little bit surprised to the positive. And so I think that we're taking a very prudent position. And you've, I'm sure, read all the commentary of our competitors in this space. And I think that we have a prudent plan and, as a result of that, realistic guidance for the second half of the year.
William P. Sullivan: Yes. We certainly did pretty well in LC/MS, although not grossly different than LC in Pharma. We sell a lot of products into that market, and so the Pharma customers year-over-year was pretty good, I think partially on the compare. So I'm not sure if I answered your question. But LC and LC/MS were performing not dissimilarly.
William P. Sullivan: I think we continue to do well holding price. But in a slowing market, our competitors are quite competitive. And so I think that we had to prepare for a very competitive environment. We have tough competitors. And as Ron alluded to, we're aggressively ensuring that we continue to have the lowest manufacturing costs in the industry.
William P. Sullivan: Again, in general, we don't make references, as you know, to market share. We just let the numbers speak for themselves. And in fact, we do a very good job of comparing ourselves to the -- our top competitors. And for just the quarter itself, not adjusted, we were roughly at market. Clearly in the last 4 quarters, we have done better than that moving forward. But the competition is tough, and they know what we do, we know what they do, so we need to make sure that we don't take -- make any changes to our overall strategy to drive performance coming out of our R&D teams and ensure that we have the best manufacturing team to be able to compete in what is becoming a tougher market.
William P. Sullivan: Well, I think that this market is highly competitive, and they're deal-by-deal, and we have a very disciplined process in terms of what business that we want to take. But there's just a handful of cell phone manufacturers that make the vast majority of the phones, and all these deals are pretty well known. And I think between the operational efficiency that Ron spoke about, the technical expertise they're bringing into market that Guy spoke about, we can compete with anybody.
William P. Sullivan: Okay, Keith, thank you very much. And on behalf of all of the Agilent management team, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us, and have a good day. Goodbye.
Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Bill, and hello, everyone. As always, my comments will refer to non-GAAP figures. Agilent second quarter results again reflected the soundness of our operating model. Revenue was adjusted for the change in exchange rates since last quarter were $14 million above the high end of our guidance, while EPS of $0.78 per share exceeded the high end of the range by $0.05, benefiting from the revenue strength, well-managed operating expenses and a non-GAAP tax rate reduction to 16%, which contributed $0.015. Now starting with Q2 orders and revenues. Orders of $1.84 billion were up 8% from one year ago and up 9% in constant currency. Segment orders adjusted for currency reflected a 13% increase in EMG, CAG grew 8% and LSG was flat year-on-year. Regional order growth rates in constant currency were 22% growth in the Americas, a 2% decline in Europe, 5% growth in Japan and a 3% growth in the rest of Asia-Pacific. Revenues of $1.73 billion increased 3% from one year ago, 4% at constant exchange rates. CAG and LSG revenues grew 3% and 2%, respectively, at constant currency. Adjusted for last year's Varian revenue delay impact to Q2 fiscal '11, CAG grew 7% and LSG grew 3%. EMG revenues grew 5% on a currency-adjusted basis. Regional revenue growth rates in constant currency were 16% growth in the Americas, 5% decline in Europe, 2% decline in Japan and 1% decline in the rest of Asia-Pacific. Now moving to the income statement. As I've noted in the past, while currency does have -- does impact each P&L line, it has minimal impact on our operating margin performance as a result of our geographic diversification and systematic hedging program. Gross margin of 54.1% was down 130 basis points versus last year due to EMG's 250-basis-points reduction resulting from a higher percentage of wireless manufacturing test business. Operating expenses continued to be well controlled, declining 1% year-over-year. Consequently, our Q2 operating margin of 19.5% was up 20 basis points versus the same period last year. Non-GAAP net income of $275 million or $0.78 per share compares to $261 million and $0.74 per share one year ago, an EPS increase of approximately 5% year-over-year. Turning to the cash flow. The quarterly cash generated from operations were $353 million, down $25 million compared to the same period last year. During the quarter, we paid our first dividend in the amount of $35 million. Our cash position at the end of April was $3.9 billion, mostly offshore. Now turning to the guidance of fiscal year 2012. As always, our guidance assumes exchange rates as of the last day of the reported quarter. We are projecting a fiscal year '12 revenue range of $6.94 billion to $7 billion, same $6.97 billion midpoint as in last quarter's guidance. At the midpoint, our guidance corresponds to a core growth of 6.7% in the second half, and for the full year, a core growth of 5.7%. The second half core revenue growth is projected to be close to 5% for EMG and close to 9% for CAG and LSG combined as we move into easier compare territory. Our fiscal '12 EPS guidance is $3.18 to $3.24. We are increasing the midpoint of our prior fiscal year guidance by $0.03, entirely due to the reduction in our non-GAAP tax rate to 16%. The midpoint of our EPS guidance at $3.21 reflects 9% growth over our fiscal year '11 EPS of $2.95, which is consistent with the year-over-year operating margin incremental of 33%. Finally, moving to the guidance for our third quarter. We expect Q3 revenues of $1.77 billion to $1.79 billion and EPS of $0.82 to $0.84. The core revenue growth at the midpoint will be 6.8%, while the midpoint of our EPS guidance will represent an 8% year-over-year increase. With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A session.
Didier Hirsch: But we do forecast in our guidance an improvement in operating margins as per overall commitment for the year with a sound incremental for the whole year.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. EMG had a very sound incremental this quarter of 34% and with a pretty high, I would say, ROIC of 48%, so we are very pleased with EMG's results. This being said, there is, as we have always said, gross margins are higher in R&D test than they are in manufacturing test in the Communications space. And there was a pretty significant content of the manufacturing wireless, manufacturing test business this quarter, which we think will be sustainable for the next quarter. But -- so we are -- again, for the whole year, EMG's operating margin incrementals are very, very much in line with our model.
Didier Hirsch: The gross margin -- exactly, it's a -- there is the mix impact, which will stay with us at least for the next quarter, and potentially it gets a little bit better in Q4.
Didier Hirsch: Well, there is always a little bit of a noise here. There's, for example, if there is a slight currency changes that impact the top line but don't impact the bottom line, therefore, they change the incremental, so it's a little bit kind of mechanical things. But overall, we are very much in line with our commitment. At this kind of revenue growth, in fact, we are better than our commitment in terms of growing margin, thanks in big part to our strict control of operating expenses.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. So the way we report orders for, let's start with orders, is we report orders in the regions were orders are placed. So if an order is placed in the Americas, we report these orders as being in the Americas. And basically that's where the decision-maker is and usually where our field engineers are located also. And in order to be consistent on a regional basis, we report revenue exactly the same way as we report orders. So basically, in the regions where the order is placed is the same because we want you guys are going to start looking at orders and revenues, so we want to be consistent. Now to give you additional information, we track also revenues on a ship-to basis, so where we deliver the instrument or the service. And you can have, as you can imagine, with so much manufacturing taking place in Asia, in China, a big discrepancy between where the order is placed and, therefore, where we report revenue on the original basis and where we report revenue on the ship-to basis. So we often provide information as to our country growth rates, and this is always on the ship-to basis.
Didier Hirsch: So I mean, we do see, based on our guidance, some improvements from the 54.1% gross margin that -- in Q2 going forward. Obviously, a little bit of revenue growth will help. And as I mentioned, we probably will see the same mix in Q3 versus Q2, and the mix could change more positively into Q4. And then in any case, under -- in the operating margin level, there's continuous improvement plan throughout the year.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. I would say we saw -- I would stay with what we said months ago is really to stay with the long-term growth or expectation where aerospace, defense were going to be in the flat. ICS, more 4% to 6% and com, 6% to 8% is what we're looking for over the long term.
Didier Hirsch: Sure. Q3, we think FX would be unfavorable to the tune of 1.8% based on basically on exchange rate as of the end of April, as we always do. Q2 was unfavorable by 0.4%, and then Q4 would be 1.6%. And on the other question, on the M&A, we do look at -- we do adjust for any kind of organic growth. But the amounts are in the 0-point-something. So I can -- it's between 0% and 0.2% or 0% and 0.3%. Very, very minimum.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. I mean that was -- basically when we looked at CAG for -- I mean combined CAG and LSG, and Bill mentioned that combined, Varian had a 4% headwind, while currency had 1% unfavorable and then the Chinese New Year was a 1% going the opposite direction. So really at the end of the day, it was all Varian that impacted. And so currency and Chinese New Year kind of offset each other and was very minimum.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. Normally what we do is we don't give quarter growth by country, but we do provide on-demand visibility on the revenue growth by country. And in China, in fact, Bill mentioned it, it was 13% revenue growth in China, interestingly. And we're talking, by the way, mainland China, so it even excludes Hong Kong. But it's 19% -- it was 19% -- or 19.1% of our revenue this quarter, Q2, so fairly significant. And India was flattish year-over-year in this quarter. And then we saw continuous huge increase in Brazil and Russia. And again, the results of the BRIC strategy that Ron is responsible for, so we're talking close to 50% growth in those 2 countries.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. In -- CAG had growth in Europe, and EMG -- in terms of order, sorry, on a constant currency. And in terms of revenue, both CAG and LSG had growth in Europe, even on the nonadjusted for variance, so the growth is even higher.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, on the core growth -- so core growth excludes both acquisitions, which we know are very, very small, and also the impact of currency. And I've already noted that currency had a negative impact of 1.6% in Q3 -- in Q4, sorry. So the nominal growth will be less than the core growth. The nominal growth that we're expecting is more like close to 4% for EMG and close to 7% for CAG and LSG combined. And the number I was referring to was adjusted for currency, which, again, adds overall 1.6% to margin overall.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes. So Jon, I'll kind of walk you through from the top. It -- we had softness in the orders in Academic as we pointed to. Frankly, that order softness was sitting heavily in the Research Products division and also in the genomics division. Genomics looks like a pause. Research Products is -- we're now on the back end of the stimulus money. So it's -- we had a tough compare last year. Those orders in Research Products that we took last year are now shipping. And frankly, the operating margin on some of those orders weren't as good as we had hoped. As you know, that business is in a repair mode, so that's where the gross margin movement is. It's a mix equation for the quarter.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes. So the dislocation in the OEM I think you're referring to is the LC business. And we said publicly that's in the percent range. And obviously, that's out of our baseline going forward. We did have a negative revenue growth in LC, but just barely, for the quarter. And Research Products, I really was pointing to NMR when I made that comment earlier.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes, John, we continue to slog through a forward pace in terms of coming out with new products and fixing cost of goods and doing elements under the covers. We are making progress in that slog. But as I said before in March, and I'll continue to say this year, the results of that progress really don't show up in the next couple of quarters. We continue to slog through, ship product, we'll have some mix issues, like we did this quarter, in terms of aggregate gross margin for the whole business, because that business is at lower margin. And we're pretty optimistic that there is progress.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes, so 2 separate questions. Not to get too deep in product detail, but we did launch a new Quaternary pump in the 1200 family. We continue to extend that family out. That product will be shipping to revenue this month, so we expect to start seeing some results of that product shipping to revenue and hopefully an order momentum that builds from that launch. And then I still am personally thinking that, that replacement cycle window isn't moving. So therefore, I'm still about now 15 months from the point where I get concerned on that replacement cycle.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Let me show -- I'll partially answer. I'm not going to answer the share question directly, Tycho, I'm sorry. But in terms of partially answering your question, we really have not seen any pause in terms of the way the Pharma guys are spending on Mass Spec. We've seen good revenue in terms of India in terms of orders. So we didn't see any currency trapping there that looked like it came out of the Pharma sector. In Europe, we continue to see some pretty consistent spend in terms of the Mass Spec and Pharma in general. So we're not seeing any real pause in that marketplace in terms of Pharma.
