Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. To recap the quarter, our core order and revenue growth, excluding the impact of currency, NMR, and acquisitions and divestitures were respectively 3% and 9%. This quarter, currency subtracted 6.9 percentage points from our year-over-year revenue growth. And as Mike stated, start-up issues with the transfer of U.S. distribution center were resolved in Q3, which resulted in about $15 million of additional revenue. Finally, adjusted operating margin was 19.9%, 160 basis points higher than our guidance and 110 basis points higher than last year on just 0.5% higher nominal revenues. Excluding the $40 million annual cost dis-synergies resulting from the Agilent/Keysight split, operating margin grew 210 basis points. I will now turn to the guidance for our fourth quarter. We expect Q4 revenues of $1.03 billion to $1.05 billion and EPS of $0.45 to $0.49. At midpoint, revenue will grow 6.7% on a core basis and our 20.3% adjusted operating margin at midpoint will be up 40 basis points sequentially. We expect to continue our disciplined buyback program with planned purchases of $98 million in Q4. Now to the guidance of fiscal year 2015. The Q4 guidance results in the following fiscal year guidance. At midpoint, revenue will grow 6.6% on a core basis, again, excluding the impact of currency, NMR, and acquisitions and divestitures. Fiscal year '15 revenue guidance is $37 million lower than previous guidance, of which $15 million is due to currency. Our EPS guidance of $1.70 at midpoint is unchanged from previous guidance, due to additional Agile Agilent savings that compensated for slightly lower revenues. Adjusted operating margin for the year is expected to be 19.2% or 40 basis points higher than last year. Excluding the impact of the $40 million cost dis-synergies related to the Agilent/Keysight split, our operating margin will be 140 basis points over previous year, on flat reported revenue growth. With that, I will turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A
Didier Hirsch: Yes. Back in Q2, we talked about the $30 million of being two parts. One part is the $15 million that was a clear miss from the change in the logistic center and we recovered that fully into Q3. The second part is about more of the new normal. What it means is that we have orders coming in later in the quarter and shipment terms being slightly extended versus what we’re used to. And this is really the new normal. So there was no recovery of that second $15 million and we don’t expect it to either to -- I mean, we expect the new normal to be with us for quite sometime.
Didier Hirsch: How if I pass it over to Patrick and talk about some of the new offerings in the instruments side and Jacob and Mark you comment on your groups and then I will close with answer to your question, Isaac.
Didier Hirsch: No. Not at the company level, I mean, information, it’s probably tracked by some of our people. But I’m not collecting it and aggregating it.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah. The other complexity we are even trying to attract that is for the companies that fewer Chinese companies that in their exporters versus the local -- I mean companies that can go after the local market, the exporters will benefit from the weakening yen. So it’s going to be that several layers of complexity, would we want to try to focus the overall impact of the weakening of the yen or the weakening of the Chinese GDP.
Didier Hirsch: The $22 million remainder is basically a reassessment of our view on the chemical and energy markets where we are seeing now that the downstream refining and chemical markets are not picking up as fast as we expected the benefits of the low cheaper feedstock. So probably considering the fact that there is some little bit of stickiness about the world economy, we are not seeing the pickup in those downstream markets that will offset the drop in our revenues in the exploration production. So, we were hoping for again a pickup there and it’s not happening. And our business overall is about flat.
Didier Hirsch: But besides that from the $15 million, it’s about kind of average, vouching for that piece although there is probably a little bit more of consumable for the little bit better operating margin at the average. But still that in itself, we had the operating leverage not much else. And then, this point that Mike was making that as we worked addressing the issues that we were facing logistics centers, we incurred close to $0.01 of additional cost in Q3.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah. We don’t usually provide guidance on the gross margin level. But yes, we're expecting a slight improvement in gross margin sequentially between Q3 and Q4.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah. On one hand we’re losing, on the other hand we saw economies with larger importers of commodities whether its oil or others, it’s a big plus, China, India, Japan so.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I’m looking at Didier in the conference room here. I think that number is correct. And we had very, very strong Q3 revenue. And as we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we have a lot of confidence in our ability to have our growth rate pick up as we have -- are expecting a number of areas of strength in the marketplace, such as pharma, the diagnostics, the environmental forensic space that I talked about earlier continue to be quite strong. And we've had a lot of new product introductions. Our sales funnels are building. And we’ve seen really strong win loss ratios of that new business. And sometimes orders can be a little bit lumpy. So we do see some big deals moving between quarters, which we saw here in the third quarter on the state and federal level in United States. And I would just also point out we had a tough compare when we look at kind of the results for the third quarter.
Mike McMullen: No absolutely, not. I think we have a lot of reasons to be positive about the outlook. And other thing I did not mention, Dan, was that, we got off to a slow start in the third quarter in incoming orders after finishing so strong in Q2. But throughout the quarter, we saw an acceleration of incoming orders throughout the quarter and finished the quarter strong.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Sure. I mean, great question. I figure we'd probably spend some time today talking about China, given some of the recent news. But in terms of our performance in China in the third quarter, we have very strong revenue growth with low-double digits. And we’re tracking through the first three quarters right on the plans. We've talked about with all of you at the analyst meeting the high-single digit level of growth in China. In terms of the areas of strength, we’re continuing to see strength in pharma, life science, research, the diagnostics, food, environmental. And the business really continues to develop as we had expected, albeit some of the recent changes, which in terms of how that affects our profitability in China, it's really neutral. We’re naturally hedged in China in terms of both the amount of revenues that we bring in, in China. Even though it is our second largest country in terms of revenue, we also have a very large footprint there, including local manufacturing. So we are naturally hedged in China. And in terms of your question around the mix of RMB versus dollars, about 20% of our business is in RMB and about 80% is in dollars. And in terms of the overall business, just maybe one final comment here on China, we can dig into other areas of China if you like. But when we look at the devaluation, we’re not really expecting to have that significant of an impact on the business in China itself. And then it depends also how you view to actually be successful and drive some more growth there. I think the better question is, what could it mean to the economies and currency in some of the emerging markets? But hopefully I answered your question. If not, come back with another one.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Great question. So we have seen stability, although it’s not where we hope to see coming into this year. So we’re now three quarters in a row of basically flat business in chemical and energy. And I think it's no surprise that the exploration side of that business is down fairly significantly. And we had anticipated that. And just to remind you of an exploration side, our business account for about 15% of this total segment. We are seeing growth in the downstream, chemical and refining process but not to degree that we had hoped to see early this year. So basically we get -- it’s grown enough to offset the downward pressure on the exploration side. Again that segment of the market is very profitable, but they seem to be still cautious on their spending. As you may recall from the analyst meeting we talked to you about our view that this was a 2% to 4% market growth segment and we still see it that way, but we’re just being cautious in our Q4 outlook in this segment right now. We do think it’s stabilizing. We got three quarters in a row of basically flat business in this segment for us.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. We are well above our run rate of cost savings, I would say, we say that initially we were actually for $50 million per year now it’s a $20 million and we are getting to pretty much our run rate there. The one thing I will signal is that, we are -- next year we still we will have about $11 million of revenue that will show on the RPD front and for the first three quarters as we make the last installations and then recognize revenue, so that will be about $50 million reduction from this year and but we will continue showing our orders and revenue on a core basis, excluding NMR so that we are comparing apple-to-apple.
Mike McMullen: I think, Mark, I made a few comments in the call script about some of the recent offerings, but maybe just a few highlights for Isaac on the ACG side.
Mike McMullen: And why they made us put a bow on this discussion, but we talk a lot about the portfolio, but I would be remiss that to remind you of the channel change you made this year. So, we’re also -- we simplified our cell structure and it’s going to allow us to invest in buildout coverage. So I think you’re going to see our growth being fueled going forward not only on the strength of the new portfolio but also the expanded channel reach and specialization, we’ve been investing in. And this is a note through the first three quarters. I think our quarter revenues were over 6% and we’re on track for our strongest revenue growth in several years. I think probably a point greater than any other growth rates we’ve put up in the last three years. But again if I could just leave that with you on the combination of both the new product offerings but also our change in channel strategy as well.
Mike McMullen: We don't know. We don’t -- we don't have that number that we've shared externally but it’s been a contributor. All I can say is significant contributor.
Mike McMullen: What I can share with you is because we’ve been kind of nosing around on this question ourselves internally. And the areas of strength particularly the Pharma area is a lot of private sector money. So traditionally this market has been heavily dominated by the direct investment by the government. We’re seeing a move. I think it’s still the majority but we are seeing a lot more business coming from private funded enterprises, particularly as the Chinese government also is moving a lot of its testing outside of government testing labs, for example, the food area where there's now whole new set of private testing labs that are -- they are coming online in the country.
Mike McMullen: Yeah, Dan. Great question. I think it's a new normal. I think this is -- the effort is here to stay. I think in terms of the changes where we talked about before of slowing deal velocity and a lot more conservatism in terms of the overall approval process. I think that sort of baked out now. So we’re no longer pointing to longer deal cycles in China as a result of anti-corruption. But I think the longer deal cycles are here to stay and now are now in this kind of this rhythm of really cautious approvals by the government authorities. And that's why I mentioned earlier that a lot of the areas of growth particularly in the private sector where you’ve not seen the same bureaucratic approach to approvals of deals. I think this is the new normal.
Mike McMullen: I think it is fair to say Patrick particular to -- specific to the Japan business, it’s not a new phenomenon. But our competitors there who don’t have the same currency challenges that we do are using that to be very aggressive at times on pricing but we have the gross margin structure to be able to compete.
Mike McMullen: Thanks Ross. Appreciate the recognition of the kind comments. I think the area that I’m mostly done is the ability to get the margin improvements. I mean, we’re basically six months into the journey since I transitioned to the role from Bill. And I can see the momentum and our ability to get our margin structure to different place. I think you’ve heard reference in the number of times in our call today. And if you were inside the company, I think everybody knows the goal that we’re trying -- we're shooting for. So I think that’s the area that I’m really -- obviously the growth, pleased with their ability to grow. And we always want more growth but we’re looking for -- we're on pace to have our highest growth year since 2011. So -- and then I think there's been a solid reaction to how we modified our approach to couple of deployment as well.
Mike McMullen: No. I understand your question now, so -- and again, I think we saw a good quarter momentum through the quarter. And you’ll see some new movements between quarters lot of times which we saw between Q2, Q3 and Q4. But the overall ….
Mike McMullen: Our internal map would match your numbers or your view. Obviously, pharma, biopharma has been a key part of the growth story but it’s not the only part of the growth story. And I think it speaks to the breadth of our portfolio and businesses we are in so. As you know from -- you may recall from the analyst meeting, we talked at great length about our view of CrossLab services, consumable, informatics, how that was going to be an area of future growth outside of just the technology areas. And then you heard the DGG story already from Jacob and that’s a business that will continue to get momentum as we continue to put more and more of the [omnesys] [ph] out there. You start to close deals on the slides and then that starts to show up in revenue in the coming quarters. And then we haven’t talked about it today but Companion Diagnostics, we’ve been winning some deals there. So, I think it’s not only a story of end market strength in certain segments like pharma but also where we are playing in our view of lab-wide services and the momentum we have in our DDG business. And then finally, I think from a technology platform, it is very clear we are doing quite well in spectroscopy in the liquid phase and spectrometry areas.
Mike McMullen: Great question. So, Didier, correct me if I’ve got my math wrong here. But in terms of the topline, we got everything through. The shipments are back to normal. The customers experience is just fine. But we have seen cost overruns relative to our expectations as we work through the operational issues and I think it's probably been to the tune of about $0.01 on Q3 on reported EPS.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. I think the ASPs, a really solid year and mainly and if you look at our prior year comparisons, it really been a story of the synergies and market picking up the load of the logistics center, cost overruns. And as you saw in our cost script, we are really investing heavily to bring out new chemistry products, which have some very nice margin structure associated with them.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. Great, great question. And in terms of the sales force changes as you pointed out, that was one of the first major changes we’ve made in the new Agilent. And I really think it's allowed us to streamline our executive structure and we had a lot of well meaning managers but we spend a lot of time discussing things internally. And this allow us to actually move a lot faster as we really entered two business, the analytical lab marketplace across a number of end markets and then in the regulated diagnostics space in Jacob's business. I'm very, very pleased with how the overall plan has gone. We have been very -- in terms of how we look at internally, we are ahead of our cost reduction goals. I think more importantly, we're getting the growth and we're getting the coverage. They want it to be able to invest to cover, make sure we can cover all the markets and invest in specialization where we needed. Now this is a multiyear program. So, I think this really I would say is the foundation year. And I think as you go into FY ‘16 and ’17, you start to get the full benefit of our ability to have really close account relationships backed up by very, very competent sales personnel.
Mike McMullen: Sure. Dane, I appreciate the opportunity to clarify some of the earlier comments. I think the relative to what we reporting to in our U.S. government side of the business, that a situation where normally we face on last year’s deal activity, we had Q3 business last year and what we saw was, as Patrick mentioned, that business is going to go from Q3 to Q4. So that’s one of the reasons why you had a drop in the book-to-bill. I think as we mentioned earlier too, we started off slow in the third quarter coming off a very strong close to Q2. We start off flow in May. We saw the pace of orders we just didn’t chance to close all the business in the third quarter. I really wouldn’t point to the chemical and energy beyond the fact that its just a continuation of what we have been seeing, which is basically no growth, three quarters in a row and I’m not going to call a recovery like I done earlier this year. So we’re just remained cautious on the implied industrial market both, the chemical and energy, as well as mining sector of our business.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. I think great question again. We’ve taken a fairly conservative view on that, if it happens great, but we’re not counting on that, because there is lot of changes recently under the new leadership in terms of how they conduct their business. So, again, if it would happen, wonderful news for the industry, but we're not counting on them in our go-forward forecast.
Mike McMullen: That’s typically where we that kind of pattern we see historically as particularly in the services side as we finish out the year.
Mike McMullen: I think we’ve been carrying this free fall of commodity prices for some time. So our view is that if we continue to see downward pressure, I think it would push out your return to growth in this segment but the business is pretty subdued there already. Patrick, I don’t know if you have anything, you’d add to that.
Mike McMullen: Yeah. Great question. So if you look at what we call strategic manufacturing side, so we’re fairly diversified globally but we have two major sites in Asia. One is in China for our gas chromatography, which is a major product line for us. And then in Penang, Malaysia, we have all of our spectroscopy atomic and molecular spectroscopy, as well as some of our vacuum products and some of the DGG products. So they are two major sites for us.
Mike McMullen: Okay. I think our European outside of the currency offset, I mean the business there has been a really nice story for us this year and I point to Patrick. But I think we're seeing no real significant changes there. The one part of the European business that we’re keeping a close eye on is really some of the emerging economies in Africa and the Middle East, how that could play out, but Western Europe has been pretty good for us.
Mike McMullen: And it hasn’t been just a story on the instrumentation side, we’ve really -- the customers really have responded to this CrossLab promise that the Mark’s team has put together. There is a lot of big wins on the service side in particular and then you heard already what’s been going on in the Dako and DDG business.
Mike McMullen: I think your question was how do I think about overall visibility in the business? So that’s the question.
Mike McMullen: All right. Great. You broke up a bit. I think what we've seen is the visibility is pretty good out a quarter or so and this is a reminder. We book orders. We don’t book any orders unless they can be delivered in six months. So I think our visibility of a three to six kind of months' timeframe is pretty solid because we got the funnel. And course we have deal funnels that we track that have longer deal cycles. So we have a pretty confident view three to six months out and a kind of a longer-term view beyond that through our sales funnel metrics. I would say though that and this is the point that Didier made earlier that we are seeing more and more of the business come late in the quarter. And rather than hoping for a change in historical and to this pattern, we now made this our new normal in terms of how we think and plan for business on the revenue side.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure, Mike. Thanks. Yes, of course I kind of want to restate that you said here we had. In terms of your order pattern, order for LSAG, we had a slower start based on the very, very strong Q2. We had an also tough compare against last year where several of our big platforms have been 20% plus growth. Having said that, the pattern over Q3 was definitely accelerating through -- positively accelerating through Q3. And as you stated, the outlook for Q4 is positive. We see strong positive momentum in pharma where we have seen strong double-digit growth and we have no belief that momentum will slow down over the next couple of quarters. So given the confidence in our new platforms, which have been very well received, LCMS, and also latest introduction on the ICP-MS front, we are confident that we can deliver more plan for Q4.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure, Mike. And the biggest surprise certainly for us was in the U.S. as you said, because we have seen the impact of both on the oil and chemistry side and a couple of delayed orders. On the positive side, Europe held up very nicely, as well as China was strong in growth. So in terms of platform to platform that have been affected most by the large delays, for example, LCMS, which had very tough compare compared to last year, where we had as we said plus 20% growth…
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. You are right, I mean, if you look into, I mean, that’s why we have seen a very nice quarter here also with great growth and now see orders coming in at 8%. I do believe that we are on a good traction right now. We are continued to see great performance from the DGG. But you're also right that it did little bit above what I’ve guided in our Analyst Day and clearly, we are also moving through a few quarters here, where we last year had some back order issues in the pathology business there, somewhat is an easy compare, but underlying the momentum is definitely here.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Definitely last few years, so this is Patrick speaking. So when you look at our new product offering this year and there is a series new products we launched, let me start with the LC business where the, actually, end of last year, startup of the Infinity II LC launch and we added this year actually at the HPLC Meeting another set of products to it that is driving definitely a lot of market share gains for us so far this year. In Q3 we had growth in orders and in revenues. We had double-digit growth on this platform driven by strong acceptance in many markets, mainly in the pharmaceutical markets where we see larger enterprises, as well as more companies making replacement and buy some new instruments, because this has -- platform has such a strong offering. Then on LC/MS we just launched the new 6470 Triple Quad system which will overtime replace our very solid performing 6460 Quad platform, again very strong interest after ASMS introduction and there is more to come during the year. So the contribution for product we don’t disclose the actual percentage, but it drives a lot of new business for us and a lot of attention in the market.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Yeah. I will just give you an example from the spectroscopy, thanks Mike. So we launched the ICP-MS solution 7800 and on the OES side as we introduced a year ago the IC -- 5100 ICP-OES system that just an example of how we kept about 7 points in market share over 15 months based on this highly differentiated platform. So it’s really one of the means for us to capture market share and drive growth. It will make significant contribution.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Happy to take this one. So as you can imagine, every new product introduction gives the opportunity to also improve your gross margins and ASPs which we actually have seen. And there is actually for us, that’s one of the reasons why we’re also confident on delivering to the bottomline over the year. So we will continue to launch these new products because they are highly differentiated and give you an opportunity to drive ASP and we will keep ASP up which otherwise would erode overtime.
Patrick Kaltenbach: I can take this one, yes. Thanks Mike. So what we have seen in the first half, you’ve heard all the comments, we actually had a pretty healthy business in this market segment. In Q3, we saw kind of a pause where we have seen several of our larger accounts, actually took a pause and reassessed the budget for the remainder of the year and just delayed several deals. So, we don’t see these deals lost and we really anticipate that we will see in academic, government section, especially in U.S. that picking up again in Q4 this year.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. I mean what we discussed beginning of this year was that we actually could see some upside, which flow of feedstock prices, which didn’t kick in so far but which would be a fundamental underlying economical drive if the feedstock price could go further down. So I would say we are on the exploration side. We’re definitely not further exposed than we are already today.
Patrick Kaltenbach: It has been very good. In terms of end markets, pharma has been definitely very strong story. We have seen flat to healthy business in the range of life science research overall. There is actually some upside potential there with we noticed to spending of the [EZB] [ph] that should also materialize in research over time. So for us the European market although has held up very nicely and we have been positively surprised over several quarters now by the local currency growth we have seen in Europe.
Jacob Thaysen: Yeah. Thanks for that question. Actually, those rules are not really covering the -- our particularly business -- the pathology business and that sits outside the pathology business, so we don’t -- we didn't see any change to that and overall the pathology market continues to be healthy. So we have not been impacted by those changes in guidelines and I don't expect that we will see any changes in our performance due to those guidelines going forward either.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. I mean, we are -- we definitely continue to see that the on this momentum installation is improving. As I have also mentioned earlier, there is sales cycle that are more than few months or maybe even few quarters. So we are still building momentum, but we continue seeing and also an improvement in taking back market share and win competitive accounts. So I am pretty optimistic around that the future also in pathology business.
Jacob Thaysen: All right. Thanks and thanks Isaac for asking the question, I am -- as you can hear, we can definitely talk long time about all the new exciting products. But I will just remind you that that we have a few different dynamics going on in my business. First of all, with the pathology and diagnostics businesses and we are in partnership. This is not about bring out new product everyday, but they have -- you want to install your new instrument into the account and then get the contract and then run the rate and the new products we actually bring out there is new assay that goes on top of that. So you, of course, have a different lifecycle of the products that we have in chemical market compared to maybe in the genomics research market where we come up with some existing products also, the HaloPlex HS which actually address very low concentration of sequencing information, the [indiscernible] exome improvement also and Gene Expression arrays. Those have shorter lifetime and we see a higher percentage of our sales from this year and into next year from those products.
Jacob Thaysen: All right, Steve. So, I will give you a little bit color without getting all the information about our underlying businesses here. But overall, the Dako businesses consist of few businesses. Two prime parts we have talked about is the pathology business and then our Companion Diagnostic business where the companion diagnostic is our partnering business with the pharma companies on developing new Companion Diagnostic within IHC and the FISH-based. And by the way, this is going very, very well and we will soon see the first significant launch of new Companion Diagnostic within a PLD-1 drug space. However, your questions around the pathology business and how we see that, I mean overall, we definitely see a good momentum. I will not say we are completely back in full scale yet. We did see some challenges last year on some back orders. We also have improved our performance on the Omnis over the last quarters, so we see actually all cylinders kick now. But it actually takes a few quarters to win deals in this space here. So, I would actually see continuous improvement over next few quarters. What we do see is that when we win deals, we of course win back. We win the deals that we -- in refresh of technology but we definitely also see a pickup in competitive deals as the Omnis solution is very competitive. And when you do that, when you put a new placement in, you will also get all the ranges running through that platform. So you place an instrument and then it takes another, maybe another quarter to get full loading of your consumables in there. So, I expect actually that we are in a good trajectory here. But the best remains to be seen also.
