Padraig McDonnell: Thank you, Mike. I'm honored to be able to follow you as Agilent's next CEO and I'm grateful for your support throughout my career and during this transition. You have made a significant impact on Agilent, our customers and our team. I'd also like to welcome Angelica Riemann to this call. After leading our services division for the last 2.5 years, I can tell you she has the experience and the skill set to continue evolving ACG to align with the growing opportunities that the business has demonstrated in supporting the broad installed base and our enterprise customers. Expect to see continued great things ahead from Angelica and ACG. I've had the pleasure of meeting some of you on this call and I look forward to meeting and working with you all in the future. Agilent has a compelling story to tell and I'm excited by the possibilities that lie in front of us as we help our customers bring great signs to life.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. Thanks, Mike. And I think customers continue to be cautious globally. I think as we're stable -- what we're seeing a stability but no material improvement versus what we saw in the last half of last year. And in terms of the capital budget cycle in '24, this is the time we see it. It's pretty early in that cycle. But we've heard move in both directions, positive and negative but fewer customers expecting negative budgets. So we're watching and seeing how that goes.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. And I think if, Matt, as you just mentioned, we aren't assuming any inflection in our guide. That's been consistent. Actually, Q1 ended up being a little better than we anticipated. We kind of putting that money in the bank, so to speak. And if you look at it, we'll have now quarters of numbers that are relatively stable which is a very positive sign. And I think when we look at our funnel, it's also stable as well as the order funnel -- order forecast is what Mike just talked about as well.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. That's right, Mike. I think it's really a tale of two submarkets. We saw broad resilience in the advanced materials with sequential growth. And given the extremely tough compare and high 20s we had last year, it was truly a very impressive result from the teams. The chemical and energy side was -- we saw a decline but on a very tough compare of 10% but we did see a sequential improvement versus Q4 '23. Overall, I think our portfolio is extremely strong in this area. We have ability to cross and upsell across that. And of course, our strong services offerings have that value proposition.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. No, I think that's right, Mike. I think on the ACG side, we see a number of service -- our service contract business comes in strong under the ACG side but on the capital side, we're not seeing much.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. And I think what we see is as also consumables and services continue to outperform expectations in China, so that's kind of we expect that to continue.
Padraig McDonnell: I think that's right, Mike. And I think as far as the quality of orders remains -- that remain in our backlog, nothing has changed. We've not seen any increase in cancellations and ex China the funnel continues to grow and that's led by the aftermarket business. I will say as a continuing theme, the deal closure times remain at an elevated levels but it's definitely stable and deal win rates have been consistent.
Mike McMullen: Thanks, Bob. Today marks my 37th and final earnings call with all of you. Time does truly fly by. I want to first thank you for your support and engagement over the years. I have to say it has been a tremendous honor serving as Agilent's CEO and represent the achievements of the One Agilent team to all of you and the broader investor community. In 2015, we launched the then new Agilent with a goal to transform Agilent into a leading life science and diagnostics company. We had ambitious goals to drive long-term shareholder value creation with significantly stepped up financial results delivered by an unmatched One Agilent team working together in a truly differentiated and compelling company culture. I couldn't be proud of the Agilent team and what we've accomplished together over the last 9 years. While current market conditions remain challenging, the long-term promise of growth remains with end markets power buying investments to improve the human condition. On the Agilent front, we've never been in a stronger position to continue to capitalize on opportunities to serve our customers within the market and deliver differentiated financial results. It's been a pleasure to work with all of you over the years. I will miss it. While at the same time, I know that you will enjoy working with Padraig in the years ahead. Like me, I know you'll be impressed with Padraig's knowledge of our industry and our business. As I noted earlier, he knows how to develop compelling business strategies, build winning teams and deliver exceptional results. His track record of success during his Agilent leadership journey speaks for itself and have no doubt, it will continue in his new role. While this is my last earnings call with you, I'm certain that the best is yet to come for Agilent. Thank you. And now over to you, Parmeet for the Q&A.
Mike McMullen: I'll tag team with Bob on this. So as you saw in our prepared remarks, Q1 came in as expected for the NASD business. And we are in a situation where we've had, I think, the broadest number of clinical programs and such. So we're very active. The volume is less commercial this year as we pointed out in the script as well versus clinical. And Bob, I know we've been talking a lot with the team about the outlook for the year, particularly with some of our customers who are resequencing some of the clinical programs into '25.
Mike McMullen: And Bob, I think it's also fair to say that this is not a byproduct of overcapacity in the industry or a significant change in in-sourcing. It's really how some of our customers are reacting to really the IRAC.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Great question, Derik. Obviously, top of mind, within Agilent, as we mentioned, Q1 came in where we thought it would. But what's the outlook? And Padraig, I know you've just spending a lot of time with your team and customers talking about this exact question.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think what you shared with me earlier, Padraig, was the tone was more negative at this time last year. It's still not super positive yet and still a lot of caution but we're not seeing anything to cause us to change our outlook for the year. I think Bob -- thank you very much. I think, Bob, you had one.
Mike McMullen: Matt, thanks for your support of the ACG business over the years. And I want to use this opportunity to introduce our new ACG Group President. But first, I'd like to maybe have a two-part response probably and Bob, I think it's roughly about 65% just to make sure. So roughly about 65% of our total services business is in the contracts arena. And Angelica, maybe you could share your thoughts on really what's been driving the growth we're seeing in that contract business.
Mike McMullen: And in times of tough economic times, the market times, the productivity help and driving productivity in the labs as a well-received offering we have.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So I'll do a tag team on this with Padraig. So as you may recall, we've talked earlier this year about these secular growth drivers in the applied markets. And we saw that pretty much across the globe. And I think what we're seeing again is the investments being made in advanced materials relative to the semiconductor supply chain and also the fab is driving productivity. We're seeing continued investment relative to battery, battery development, QA/QC. And I think we continue to see some real nice growth in the PFAS side of our environmental business. Started in the U.S., I think all those applied market secular drivers that we've been pointing to for, for some time, delivered in Q1. And I think our outlook remains the same that we're expecting there'll be a source of positivity for us in the overall CAM [ph] market space, albeit the chemical market is expected to remain subdued.
Mike McMullen: Bob, if I cover headline on that, too, I'd just say that Q2 seasonality is as normal and the Q1 book-to-bill results are as our normal pattern. So again, we've been talking a lot about normalization of business flow. And I think we're seeing it in terms of the seasonal patterns and book-to-revenue situations.
Mike McMullen: Bob, I think I recall correctly, outside of China, our biopharma business actually grew in the quarter.
Mike McMullen: Right. And to your question, Rachel, that dynamic in the pharma really speaks to pressure on the LC business.
Mike McMullen: Well, I've been in this business for a while and it's always slow in January. And that's why we have the seasonality we talked about relative to Q2. So I don't think we're seeing any significantly different trends that we've seen historically. Padraig, I know that you're closer than I am but [indiscernible].
Mike McMullen: Both Padraig and I are in the conference and we're shaking our head, no. We've not heard anything about any potential stimulus. And what I can tell you is if it does happen, it's upside to our outlook.
Mike McMullen: I know the team did a calculation on that because LSAG was down 11% but that includes our consumables business which was up.
Mike McMullen: Yes, I think the story is a great. I think the story really was in pharma, Q1, the instrument and the CapEx side of things. But we're pleased with the start there.
Mike McMullen: Thanks, Phil. I'm really glad you close with the comments about connect rates. We talked about that relative to our services business, we're also seeing a very strong positive trend on consumables as well which bodes well to our future in terms of recurring revenue business growth.
Mike McMullen: Yes, Jack, thanks for noticing that. That was a real bright spot for us. We actually grew, I think, 2% in the quarter. And this is -- we've been working on this thing for some time to really build out our portfolio and really change our market position in academia research and I think it's starting to show up in the numbers. I think stabilization really is what we're seeing which is the funding is there. And NIH is a relatively really small part of Agilent's business, so really is immaterial. But we're seeing universities have increasingly been funded through private sector. So the money is there. And even so, we saw money in China as well. So it was really a nice global story for us and we're fairly optimistic that, that kind of stabilization can be there for us for the rest of the year.
Mike McMullen: And Bob, I think that's why we really emphasized in the script, the word stabilization because as things, as we have kind of a stabilization, we're going to get a lift in the growth rate just by the comps as they go.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think we remain very interested in deploying capital in a balanced way which is inclusive of investing for in the business. And that speaks directly to we are interested in M&A. It's our build and buy growth strategy. I just have to say that the funnel pipeline is more robust than I've seen in a number of years and nothing to obviously announce but we're very much engaged.
Mike McMullen: Yes. No, I'll have Padraig jump in as well. I think the business remains the same. I don't think it's any better or any worse. And so I think it's the normal kind of cadence of business. And that's why, as Bob just mentioned, when we're talking about the second half, we bank some of the beat to put again the second half because we've yet to see the second half materialize in terms of the order book which is typical at this time of the year.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think there's been an important point made here, elevated but we're not seeing the elongation. So they're stable but they're longer than they have been in the past.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Thanks for that. So while it's maybe a surprise to many on the call and it was a surprise when I shared the news across the company because the Agilent team just knows how much I love working for this company and work with them. And it really was a hard-wall, really difficult decision for me but not been contemplating this for a while. And I pulled the Board into the discussion sort of communicating with them because we really wanted to make sure that they had enough time to really run a thorough and thoughtful selection process in which they were able to do. And in my mind, they came out with the best possible choice in selecting Padraig. But yes but this is something that I've been contemplating for a while and then try to engage in the Board about my timing and then I really want to make sure they had enough time to really pick the right successor and that's what they did.
Mike McMullen: Thank you. It's going to be hard to step away. But I have to say, the [indiscernible] family was just too strong. We have a 6-month old -- 18-month old grandson and he will soon have a brother and sister so there's a lot going on, on the family side. And there's only one way I could make more time. So again, it's been a real pleasure to work with all of you on the call.
Mike McMullen: Thanks, Paul. Yes, we do go way back to don't we and it's been great to work with you over those years, going way back to the CAG days in my prior role, I think we think this is a 4% to 6% kind of growth market, mid-singles. So we think that the kind of market growth that we're not experienced in the industry right now is the anomalies and this will be back to that 4% to 6% kind of long-term growth rate. Obviously, certain segments within that overall macro number, that big TAM will be growing faster than that and that's always a challenge to make sure that you pick those segments so you can actually beat that number. I think there's going to be some geographic mix. I mean, we've evolved our view of long-term growth into China because we actually expect some of the supply chain moves and other things that have been going on that you'll see a growth, more growth in Europe which has been more of a slower grower for us geographically. But we've been -- continue to be surprised how well we do. Our team does in Europe. I think you're going to expect to see Japan rejuvenate it, particularly, I think you can make the case of the semi industry which is going to return to some strength in Japan. But that's the beauty of this business is just the diversified nature of both the end markets and geographies. So that would be my last -- I guess, my final projection of long-term growth for the market in this role. But thanks, Paul. I appreciate the comments and looking forward to staying in touch.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Derik. And as you're talking about, we remain very optimistic about the future of NASD, our forecast for Train C and D remains intact in terms of building out the expansion. I would say that as we're talking about things, you mentioned one of the clinical trials. That's an important element of one of our customers. We are seeing some potential pushouts into FY '25. And as they are looking at revisiting the clinical trial programs and time lines and it's probably closer to flat this year based on that, although we're not giving up hope but that's built into kind of keeping our guide the way it is. But I think if you look at the number of commercial programs -- or excuse me, clinical programs that we have, we're very excited about the future.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I was just going to say one of the things that we see is very strong performance in our services and our consumables business in the pharma sector which actually speaks to lab activity. And so while we've seen a depressed capital cycle here and we're optimistic about that turning around in the second half of the year.
Robert McMahon: Matt, just one other quick thing on that. One of the great things that Angelica and team have been doing and you heard us talk about this a lot is about the increasing of the attach rate and that continues to grow at roughly 1 point again year-on-year this year. And that kind of locks in that resiliency of that stability in that business. And if you think about a 2/3 of that business growing double digits, it really helped power the business and when we see the inevitable turnaround of the instrument business, that will be a nice tailwind as well.
Robert McMahon: Yes. That's a great question, Brandon. And you talked about a couple of them. We feel really good about where we started the year. It's still at the beginning of the year, though, so we're kind of banking some of that. What I would say is if you looked across the moving pieces, with the NASD being slightly lower, that would be offset by a little better results in the LSAG side of the business. And really, that chemical and advanced materials and academia are two areas that are probably slightly better than what we had forecasted. But overall, we're maintaining the guide and as we are looking here felt good about really at the start to the year.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I'll take that. There are a lot of questions in that one question. But so true to form, Puneet and one of the things -- I'll start with the last one. I mean, we typically do have seasonality. There is that $15 million that gets pushed from one quarter to another; that's strictly timing in China because of the Lunar New Year. But Q2 is typically a lower revenue number. So we're building in that normal seasonality. In terms of book-to-bill in China, actually book-to-bill was greater than 1 in China; so continued stabilization. And in terms of book-to-bill for our instruments, it was below 1, are kind of expected. Now some of that was a result of the China pull forward where the orders came in and we were expecting that revenue to be shipped in Q2; so there's some element of timing there. But all in all, a positive start to the year.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I'll take that, Puneet. If we look at across our business, the relative strength was actually in our biopharma. So a large molecule. And our business is skewed to the larger midsize and large cap companies. The standout has been the ACG business and our consumables on that. So it actually speaks to activity in the labs. We are starting to see -- I don't want to call it a trend but certainly a stabilization on the emerging biotech side of it. The instruments were still down but that is where we're starting to see the relative strength in the pharma business. And that speaks to kind of the long-term growth drivers, I think, in that market. And I would expect that to continue throughout the course of the year as our business gets stronger and the markets get stronger. And quite honestly, we have more favorable comps.
Robert McMahon: Rachel, just one other thing to build on what Mike and Phil were just talking about. When we look at our LSAG business, it was down 11% which was better than what we expected. The piece that's really been driving that down is the pharma market which is what we've been expecting. If we looked at the rest of the markets, they were much better than the down 11% with the exception of the diagnostics and clinical which is a small number.
Robert McMahon: Yes. We were pleased with the results. It was between 1% and 2%. So but in line with kind of the seasonality and the mix that we saw, we would expect to see in Q1. So right now, it's on track. As we've talked about, our consumables business and ACG business have the greatest price realization followed by generally speaking, actually, we had a very good result in diagnostics and genomics in the quarter. And then we did see some mix but not anything out of the ordinary instrumentation side. So all in, we're on track for what we expected for the full year.
Robert McMahon: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. Great question. And what I would say is a couple of things. We are on track to have more interest income than what we anticipated at the beginning of the year that $20 million and some of that in the first quarter as well and that's really a result of actually having better-than-expected cash flow in the first quarter and great work by the treasury team. I would say that the savings -- we're on track for the savings targets for the full year. And as I think about the year, it's still very early in the year and this provides us what I would say is more confidence in the guide.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I would say we typically don't give all that information but it was down -- we were down 11%. It was down, puts 20%, in the quarter but that was better than expected, offset by 6% growth in our consumables business. If we look at the LSAG thinking for Q2, it's down low teens. So -- and a lot of that has to do with some of the timing associated with that $15 million shift. That's almost all capital equipment from Q1 -- from Q2 back into Q1. So if you look at it, it is in line with where we expect it to be.
Robert McMahon: Yes, yes. I think we're cautiously optimistic there. I'd say it's still within a range that we had before, so I don't want to call an inflection. But if you looked at the markets we were down that 9% was roughly down 20%-ish [ph] in pharma. So that continues to be the area of really around the globe but China is no different. The great thing is many of the other markets performed much better. So even when you think about like academia and government, that grew, so did our chem and advanced material business now grew very low single digits. And then our forensics in environmental was down low single digits. So you're actually starting to see the continued stabilization and then you'll get into very much easier compares in the back half of the year in China because that down 22% was down compared to up 12% last year. We had another strong compare in Q2 and then we actually started seeing the pretty significant declines year-on-year. And so there's reasons to be optimistic about that continued stabilization that Mike talked about but we're not ready yet to call an inflection. But when it happens, we'll take it.
Robert McMahon: So small molecule on a global basis was down roughly 18%. And it was ex China, it was down 20% and down roughly 14% for China. So pretty consistent across the globe. I would say, in China, the big area in China that has been impacted is on the small molecule side, where we'll start to see better comps going forward after Q2.
Robert McMahon: That's right. Thanks, Mike. And as you said, our NGS QC portfolio from an instrument and consumable side actually grew mid-single digits in the quarter which was very nice. The genomics chemistry side that we referenced in the prepared remarks was down. We faced some very difficult comps. We had a couple of companies that reorganized and exited some businesses. They had some lifetime buys at the end of Q1. I would expect that the performance of that to improve starting in the second half of the year.
Robert McMahon: Doug, this is Bob. I'll take that last one. We'll tell you when we get to Q4 and what I would say but your math is -- in all seriousness, your math is spot on as usual. I think one of the things that we look at is, we look at it a couple of different ways. I think the way to look at it is that first half, second half kind of looking at seasonality, that's probably more instructive given kind of the changes in the growth rates. And when you look at it, as you noticed -- as you mentioned, it is in line with our historical seasonality. And when you look at the growth rates, you're right, we are expecting growth in the back half of the year. A lot of that is, in fact, the easier the compares. And when we actually look at -- what I would ask you to take a look at also is a 2-year stack basis relative to implied Q1 and first half and second half. And what you would see there is a much more smooth number that we also looked at as well. So as usual, you're spot on there.
Robert McMahon: Yes, that's a good question. It's a little of both, Josh. So Q2 is relatively intact for what we had originally thought with the exception of that small movement of the China business, that's roughly a point of core growth from Q1 and Q2 switching. What I would say is Q1 also had a beat into it and what we're taking is some of that out of the second half of the year. And so the takeaway is Q2 is spot on from where we expected it to be, absent that kind of shifting the timing shift of China and then the Q2 or the rest of Q1 kind of the beat really helps us in the second half of the year.
Robert McMahon: Luke, this is Bob. Just real quick. You're right. If I look at DGG, it actually was improvement year-over-year but it was down and it was really a result of that margin or the volume. I would say also there was an element of mix in LSAG and I would expect that to continue to improve. The cost actions that we took weren't fully actualized all and as expected in Q1. So we'll have the full impact of those as well in Q2 throughout. So I would expect an improvement over the course of the year as volumes grow up in both LSAG and DGG.
Robert McMahon: Yes, if I look at Q2 guide, we're still expecting, if I looked at the end market pharma down double-digits academia and government down low single digits really as a result of some of that timing shift, diagnostics and clinical down mid-singles and chemical and advanced materials, down high single digits and food about the same. Both of those are, as a result of some of the shift also in the China business from Q2 back into Q1 and then environmental and forensics kind of mid-single-digit decline.
