Mike McMullen: Yes. Thanks, Matt. First of all, I appreciate the recognition of the numbers we posted and we think there's still a lot more opportunity in front of us. And I want to actually have provide a little bit more color on where those opportunities may lie.
Mike McMullen: Yes, I think we see a lot of opportunity, obviously, in China. That's when we flagged in the past. The other one that we're pointing to is a lot of the growth has historically been centered in the pharma space. We're seeing growing interest in the CAM space as well. So I think from an end market perspective, that's an area we would expect to see some more growth. And geographically, the China story still hasn't fully played out yet. And then again, I would just remind you, Matt, some of the points we made in the call, record renewals for support contracts and also clearly taking share on the enterprise level. Those attach rates we keep talking about are going up as well. So a lot to like here.
Mike McMullen: Well, I'm glad you noticed, Brandon and if you were in the conference room here, you see there's a lot of smiling in the room here because really proud of what the team has done here. So I don't think it's all a timing issue. It's about execution and its ability of this team to execute because our teams were hit with waves of COVID during the quarter. But we know how to execute. We've also enabled the -- our ability to interact with customers digitally. So while people maybe couldn't go to the office or couldn't go to customer sites, they were able to support the customers. So we were just -- we were just delighted with the performance out of China in Q3. And Bob, I think it was a broad-based story. We had growth and double-digit growth in pharma, chem, food. So it was really pleased with the results. I know our narrative is different than others are saying but I also think my team in China capability is also different.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I want to tag team a bit with this with Sam and myself and Bob. So we evenly refer to Train B. That's the latest expansion that's coming online this year. In fact, we had a chance to see that firsthand when we went to the groundbreaking ceremony for what we call Project endeavor or as you're referring to [indiscernible]; it looks really good. We're on track for that mid-calendar year go live and we have a full book of business for that just a matter of ramp. And again, project up. And then I'm going to pass it over to Sam and maybe you want to remind, Brandon, what our plans are with the new expansion, when we expect to see some of that first revenue coming into Agilent.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I'll pass this over to Bob for additional detail but I think the answer is no, not the unusual about movements between the quarters. And Bob, I think what we're going to do is we want to set up another guide in Q2 that was above our full year guide. So that was the process there.
Mike McMullen: And I think Puneet, you said it well. I mean, our business in China continues to be very, very strong and I couldn't be prouder of the team, how they delivered in Q1 and that's continuing strong momentum throughout the second half of last year and we would expect that to continue here in Q2 as well.
Mike McMullen: And Jack, I think the point you made earlier, too, about some of the funding environment, we're seeing some government funding coming in from different parts of the world as part of the semiconductor industry which has benefited us.
Mike McMullen: Sure, Rachel, do I dare pass this question to the Danish member of the staff over that baseball analogy but I think, Jacob, got a great print on LC and LC/MS 17% growth, clearly outpacing the market. And I think we saw some really good strength in small molecule in particular this quarter.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So I hope it came through in the call remarks and I'll make a few comments here, then invite organ here as well but we were delighted with the print in Europe in the first quarter exceeded our expectations. Actually, the strength across the marketplace was pretty good. I think 5 of our 6 end markets were growing high single digits or better. I think the standouts for us were actually the chem markets along with diagnostics. But I have to say we continue to watch closely the investment plans particularly for our large accounts in the chemical space as well as pharma space. But we're off to a really good start but that's -- that remains a watch area for us. But again, we're delighted with the broad-based growth we had. And I don't know if you...
Mike McMullen: I think we don't talk about weather but I think the more favorable weather environment in Europe actually has put less pressure on customers relative to energy cost and energy demand. So that's been net positive but we're still keeping an eye on things.
Mike McMullen: Yes. No, I think you're closing -- happy to comment on the day your closing comments exactly where our head is at which is the right fit. So we think the environment is much more favorable than it was a year ago. We think it's now much more of a buyer's market, so to speak. Most people are willing to come off at a view of last round. There's still some dialogue around there. So we're -- we have obviously nothing to announce but we remain very interested in looking for opportunities that can augment our core organic business and this is at the heart of our build and buy growth strategy. As I've said a number of times, the buy side is all optionality for us. We'll do just fine with all the bets we have right now. But if we see the right thing, we will move on it. And we just have also just wanted to make sure we stuck with our framework and we don't ever want to have buyers remorse. So we've been very happy with all the deals we've done to date and we'll continue to use that framework moving forward. I think that fit piece that you described is really a key criteria for us.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Let me make some summary comments and then Bob, feel free to jump in here. But as you mentioned, we don't specifically provide book-to-bill ratios. But what I can tell you is that orders for the quarter were greater than revenue. So -- and so we continue to grow orders with particular strength in our ASD and the services business. On the instrument side, we continue to bring down this record backlog we had as we really are focused on meeting those customer shipment requirements and really thanks to the great work of the order fulfillment team, we've really been able to get back to a normal flow of shipment times and delivery commitments. Again, I would just say that the funnels remain healthy, the backlog is still a very high quality. I think we have pretty much next to no cancellations. So the quality is good. It gives Bob and I that level of predictability around revenue from that backlog.
Mike McMullen: But I would emphasize one point I made earlier, the deal cycles are reverting towards the historic norms in this space. Again, this whole construct that we see of a normalization of particularly the analytical instrumentation marketplace evolving.
Mike McMullen: Sure. Happy to talk about that. And I actually happen to have Jacob talk about it because I think you've just spent some time in front of the Board recently and talking about the PFAS opportunity. I don't want to educate the Board on what it's all about but the durability of growth we're seeing, we see here.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Jack, I'm going to actually pass that over to Sam because Sam actually is calling in from Denmark. He's actually with the pathology team right now. So you can get it latest and greatest on the ground from Glostrup. Go ahead, Sam.
Mike McMullen: Okay. And I'm going to have Sam talk about this but we're seeing some what we think is a transitory disruption in the diagnostics side of genomics that there's a lot going on with a lot of the diagnostic firms where we provide our solutions into their assays. So Sam, your perspective on the think would be really good.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Bob, I'll let -- I think the headline is more just the recognition of the continued uncertainty about the back half but...
Mike McMullen: Yes. Sure, Josh. In fact, Padraig, I think you've just done recently around with some of the large pharma accounts and...
Mike McMullen: So I think we probably haven't seen any surprises on those like themselves but they're not aggressively releasing yet either. I think that's -- that's why I made a few times on this call comments around normalization of deal cycle times.
Mike McMullen: Yes. And I'll have you make some cost or part. But I think we're expecting the continued step-up in that attach rate.
Mike McMullen: And as your question focused on the attach rate on services. But I'd be remiss not to have Jacob talked about what's going on in attach rate to consumers that ties in this workflow solutions because we did make some changes organizationally but the ACG strategy of driving connect rates and services and consumables remains intact.
Mike McMullen: Paul, I'm really glad you hung on and got your question because very enthusiastic to answer that question. We have a much broader base of business beyond 2 very good customers but the programs go much, much, much broader than that.
Mike McMullen: Yes. We crossed over on the siRNA piece. We are clearly the market leader. We are going to be going after more aggressively the CRISPR space where we can't yet claim leadership. But overall, we've really -- with the capacity expansion, the continued great work of our team. We continue to gain market share. And from the math we're doing, we've now crossed over in the leader in the space.
Mike McMullen: I'm not sure I understand completely the question. But I think what we're doing is, I think I got it which is we're actually expanding our portfolio which is we're the leader in siRNA. We've got a broad base of business broad-based set of number of pharma customers. Over time, you hear more about those when their therapeutics come to market. but also we're expanding into the CRISPR area. We've got a small business there right now. We do really well. We just don't have all the capacity we need and that's part of the storyboard what we're doing, what we call Project Endeavor.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. So look, I think the broad product offering across the hardware platforms where we've had a value to -- where we add a lot of value to customer operations has been broad-based. We certainly see a lot of our offerings, particularly around asset utilization and so on, being able to be used outside pharma in different industries and we see that as an opportunity to grow. I think also given our big installed base and our ability to attach in different markets and sectors is going to continue as we go through the year.
Padraig McDonnell: I think you said it all, Mike, I think it's broad-based in 5 out of 6 markets, growing high single digits. And I think what the team has been able to do has been able to really work together to take share in a lot of areas on all the markets and our focus, of course, on attach rates in both services and consumables has really benefited as well.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. So I think what we're seeing is our funnels are very, very stable on it. And of course, you're correct, the pharma budgets are set around this time of the year. And I think we're watching closely on how that moves to the second half but for now, no change.
Padraig McDonnell: Yes. I think there's significant opportunity to drive growth for our business and it's about at 1 point of attach rate is about $30 million annually. And we know our customers have adopted workflow solutions that a tight integration on the instruments. And that allows us, of course, with the 1 commercial organization to demonstrate the value and of course, attach more services and consumables. I will say if you think about what Jacob said about PFAS and biopharma, our focus on solution selling has really paid off. That's really driven attach rates. And I think our overall attach rate in both services and consumers are now in the low 30s and that represents a 2% increase and we expect that to grow as we move forward.
Robert McMahon: No, I think you're right. I mean, I think, obviously, we had a very strong start to the year with double-digit growth from LSAG we will go up against very tough comps in the back half of the year with the recovery of the business. But as Mike said, pleased with the very good start but not anything material change.
Robert McMahon: Yes. And Brandon, to your point around the question of purchase orders and so forth. We have good visibility into the pipeline in the funnel but we haven't started taking orders given the time frame there. So we have high confidence that we wouldn't be putting in $725 million into the expansion.
Robert McMahon: That's exactly right. I mean, I think as we look at this, we just came off a 10%, still 6% to 7.5% is still significantly above where we're forecasting the full year and I think we feel good and I think it's consistent with how we have guided in the past.
Robert McMahon: Yes, let me just add something. I mean I would say this means nothing to our expansion. I mean or I want to be very clear about that. I mean I think we feel very good about -- we've continued to be capacity constrained. We've had more orders than we can satisfy. And I think that continues to be the case and we feel extremely good about the overall technology and our position in the marketplace.
Robert McMahon: No, it's a great question. So I did make a quick reference in the prepared remarks. Actually, Q1 was higher than the overall 3% as expected. We are still planning and forecasting that 3% price contribution for the full year of FY '23. And you're right, that would speak to roughly a 3-point volume. What I would say is we're taking it 1 quarter at a time. As we've said, we're dealing with -- looking forward, there's still some uncertainties around macro. And that's where I think our forecast and our guidance is prudent to use that word again. But I wouldn't say anything has materially changed since the beginning of the year from that standpoint. And I've been very pleased with our ability to continue to maintain that pricing throughout the course of the last several quarters and I would expect that to continue going forward.
Robert McMahon: Sure. Yes. But the impact of Lunar New Year was not only in Q1 but it's also been reflected in our Q2. It was roughly 0.5 point headwind in Q1 and that's come back to us in Q2. So it was kind of as planned. And in regards to the stimulus, the way we're looking at this is Sims got kicked off in the calendar Q4. There is a section in there that's focused on equipment for universities and hospitals. But from our perspective, it's still early. So we're kind of waiting right now to see how it plays out. And but I think at this point, we really haven't put anything assumed in our guide or China growth relative to the stimulus. So if it does get deployed and comes to our way, then that will be an upside to our current forecast.
Robert McMahon: Yes, Rachel, maybe -- this is Bob, maybe I can add a few points because we talked at the beginning of the year, about this strong performance kind of normalizing this year. We also said if it continues, we're going to take it. And I think what you're seeing is some of that as well. But we still do think that this will normalize over time. And the portfolio that Jacob and team have I think speaks very well to us growing faster than the market. And I think you talked about the biopharma, the beauty of our business is we've got that nice diversification across both small -- and small and large molecule and certainly starting up the year very nicely.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I still have gas in the tank, yes. I mean I think, obviously, despite the inflationary environment that we're in, we're still able to manage growing our margins. You saw both a nice balance here this quarter with about half of it coming through gross margin as well as half of it coming through OpEx. I think as we think about it going forward, I think that 50 to 100 basis points over the course of the next several years is still a reasonable way to think about it. That's how we're thinking about the rest of this year as well.
Robert McMahon: Yes. That's -- it's a great question, Dan. I'll take that. And so with our revised guide, we have ticked it up a bit, given the strong performance that we had in Q1. And we continue to be surprised to the upside. When we talked about it at the beginning of the year, what was a source of upside. This would have been one of the markets that we would have talked about. And what we're seeing is actually good growth across all of the submarkets in our chem market. If I think about the chemical and energy markets, those were up high single digits and the growth was really outsized in that advanced materials that we've been talking about. So that semiconductor in batteries area grew in excess in the high 20s. And so this is a continued strength really given not only the investment there but really the power and strength of our portfolio to be able to supply critical tools and instrumentation into markets that are really continuing to expand. So we're expecting that don't book high single digits and the high 20s for the rest of the quarter, so we'll take it. But we're expecting a slight uptick there, given the strong performance that we had in Q1.
Robert McMahon: Yes. I would say, as Mike said, I mean, the backlog continues to be healthy and we haven't seen anyone back out of any cancellations or anything like that, that would be beyond kind of the normal activity.
Robert McMahon: Yes, I think the way to think about that, Josh, is we raised the midpoint of the guidance delivered 10% in Q1. We're saying that Q2 is going to be higher than the full year. And we're going to take this 1 quarter at a time, given some of the uncertainty that we're seeing. Obviously, we did talk about having great visibility into Q1 with some of the backlog activities and so forth. But I wouldn't say it was just that. I mean, I think what I would characterize it as a prudent guide given kind of what we're seeing and taking it 1 quarter at a time.
Robert McMahon: Just one other comment. Just you had asked about kind of growth rates. What I would say is it grew faster than the overall company faster than LSAG.
Robert McMahon: Yes. And Paul, to build on what Mike was saying is not only are we expanding but I think just as importantly, the market is expanding. And so the Alnylams of the world were the pioneers of this technology or one of the pioneers. But if you look at the number of products that are in the clinic or compounds that are in the clinic, it goes well beyond the 2 customers that you just talked about.
Sam Raha: Yes. Yes, happy to do so. And as you mentioned, Mike, first of all, we're tracking right on plan for Train B, right, midpoint -- midyear coming on. And it was great to see first-hand, Bob joined me really the progress that we're making, the facility is looking really, really nice. A lot of validation work happening miles and miles of stainless steel piping and other infrastructure that's been put in place. As you also noted, we did at the end of February, the middle of February, pardon me, the groundbreaking for trains, C and D. And these projects will take some time but we've started the process and the first revenue from that would be coming online in 2025. And remember, there's 2 trains, Train C and Train D, both dedicated to siRNA, antisense capabilities as well as expanding our ability to serve customers with single guide RNA or CRISPR. So excited about the progress in the NASD team under Brian Crude's leadership is firing in all cylinders.
Sam Raha: Did I say '25? Thank you, Mike, for catching. Usually, you're the one that accelerates me instead of the other way. Indeed, it's '26. Thanks for catching that.
Sam Raha: Mike, if I can just add just a couple of quick things, right? We've stated this before. We think the therapeutic oligo market for the suppliers that we are $1 billion today, growing to $2.4 billion by 2027. And what's really encouraging about the market is the number of molecules that are advancing, right? Just to give you a little bit more color, we're doing work with over 30 pharma partners today and on dozens of programs at various stages. So the pipeline of programs are working on, some of which have the potential of being molecules also broad populations is absolutely there and something that we're excited about.
Sam Raha: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Jack, thanks for the question. I'd offer you a couple of things that we've observed in the quarter and I think are also promising going forward. First of all, we continue to see the trend of hospitals and health care systems being able to work through COVID and start to reprioritize cancer diagnostics. So overall, I think that's been something that's positive. We've continued to see strength in our IHC solutions, be it our companion diagnostic solutions that are in the market. But more broadly speaking, including for the antibodies that we have, that we sell as ready-to-use reagents. We're also continuing to see good traction for our advanced staining system, the Dakotas. So all of that, you look at that geographically, we've had some good success, particularly in Europe but the Americas as well.
Sam Raha: Yes, happy to provide that. And building on what you said, Mike, right, there's a lot of public information now that I'm sure, Jack, that you're aware of, it restructuring or other sort of operational challenges at a number of customers from research into technology-driven genomics companies and diagnostic testing companies are going through. Based on that, we've definitely seen conservatism from customers that they've pulled back on purchasing levels. They're working down excess safety stock that they perhaps have built up. And we've just seen a little bit of hesitation in purchase patterns. Now that being said, just recently, earlier in February, I had the chance to attend AGBT which is one of the most important technology and science conferences. And there, we definitely saw good interest for our early access that we've been doing for our SureSelect cancer CGP which is a comprehensive cancer panel 679 genes. We continue to see really good interest in our Magnus automation system which is the walk away for our SureSelect platform and our broad-based market leadership and genomics and NGS QC remains intact. So I think this is some market headwinds that we're seeing but it's just, I think, a transitory thing, as Mike mentioned.
Sam Raha: Rob, maybe just to add just a twitch color to that. The actual number of programs that are in various stages has literally doubled over the last 4 years. And then in terms of pharma partners, we're not in a position today to share anything publicly. But I already said we're working with more than 30 pharma partners. And I think what's encouraging for us is even within pharma, the caliber of the companies that have now entered and advancing molecules at various stages. So this is a market that is maturing the number of FDA approvals that have happened, European approvals that have happened. So there's momentum in the market. And we are -- we've worked hard to be the leaders in siRNA but there's momentum that's there for us to ride as well.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely. We have -- I would say we have the strongest portfolio in atomic recopy for this market in semi but generally speaking, in material science. And we continue to see demand from the semicon industry, both in the fabs but also in the upstream for all the fine chemicals that goes into the fabs, they require the same level of QC testing like they do in the labs and hence, they are using the same instruments. So we see a lot of benefits. Those were the new fabs built but also for the continuous operation in the labs. So we expect this to continue for a while. We, of course, see a lot of news around investments into this in other parts of the world, also particularly in the U.S. Obviously, that will take some time before it comes into play. But we are -- we expect the whole semicon market to continue to be an upside for us. But as I mentioned also, we also see a lot of interest in the rest of the materials market, particularly in lithium batteries, where we see a lot of demand, not only for our spectroscopy business but really across our broad portfolio where lithium battery needs both the LCs, the GC, the spectroscopies and the CMS. So we are very excited about that space and see a lot of continued growth there.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely. I will start by saying, I don't think this is a baseball game. I think there is a continuous opportunity on indicate space. So -- and we see both opportunities and we continue to believe that there is a big market in small molecules. And I think the current performance is a reflection of the investments we have done into -- we made into our portfolio over the past years both for the LC and the CMS. So it's really, really focused very much on where we have gone strategically on a lot of investment into making robust reliable and routine instruments and instrument solutions. We continue to spend significant time to truly understand our customers' pain point that is not only about the overall performance but also about how you can ease of use, a lot of smarts we put into the instruments and of course, also continues on focus on uptime of instruments. And our commercial organization is brilliantly going out and connect both our consumables and also the service contracts to it. So this just continues to be a great business for Agilent.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, absolutely. And we continue to see a lot of opportunities in the PFAS where at the beginning was really all about looking for PFAS in the water supply and now it's moving into food and other types of areas. So I think you are right, we are still in the early phases of the growth opportunity. As you know, the U.S. infrastructure build, there was a $4 billion set aside to PFAS testing. And so we have one of the leading solutions here. I mean PFAS is very difficult to measure. So you need high-end instrumentation but also very specified sample prep and consumables to really make sure that you don't contaminate why you measure. So we have spent a lot of energy of putting a high-quality solutions out there and we continue to see a lot of opportunities and we will continue to invest in this space beyond PFAS. I think environmental is really a place that there will be a lot of investment going in over the next decade. So really excited about that area also besides the Advanced Materials.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. We had another good quarter in sale analysis. Actually, we're really proud of what we build up of the business over the past years here in cell analysis in the M&A and the acquisitions we have done. And you're absolutely right that the main opportunities are within the biopharma academia and we've actually done a really good job in diversifying where we had some of the business we acquired was very exposed to academia and we've been able to really penetrate into the biopharma over the past years. So we continue to see opportunities and especially actually in the high end of the business that there's still a lot of opportunities in the biopharma space and especially in understanding the immune system, immuno-oncology, CAR-T and others is areas that we have put a lot of investments into and we see that pays off. So I believe there is still a lot of opportunities in front of us here. There is a strong correlation there in the biopharma academia space. There's a lot of collaborations where especially if you look into the CAR-T where you see a lot of the big university hospitals that is investing into this. So it's kind of a crossover between the academia and biopharma right now. So we see opportunities in both those areas right now.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, exactly. And I think along what Padraig mentioned is that there's been a lot of investment from both the businesses and in commercial about driving connect rate also with consumables. And it's more about selling the full solution and hence, going out not only present an instrument but percent, the instrument is the consumables, informatics to go after as Padraig was mentioning, PFAS, other workflows in the biopharmas and really addressing -- we're starting to addressing the high-end parts of the market. And we've seen a significant uptake in our attach rates in our consumables and -- and I would say we are -- we will continue to see growth. We still have a long -- a lot of opportunities but I've been really impressed with the team to take it from the 20s up way beyond the 30s now.
