Ron Nersesian: Thank you, Bill, and hello, everyone. For the first quarter, the electronic measurement group reported orders of $699 million, down 7% year over year. EMG revenues also declined 7% in the quarter to $671 million. While orders were consistent with expectations, the impact of Lunar New Year on our ability to recognize revenue late in the quarter was greater than anticipated.  This resulted in revenues that were below our guidance. The book to bill ratio was 1.04 for the quarter. Despite lower than expected revenues, solid gross margin management and disciplined expense control yielded an operating margin of 15.2%.  Taking a closer look at our end market performance, aerospace and defense revenue declined 27% year over year against a tough compare. The first quarter of FY13 was the peak of our aerospace and defense business, prior to U.S. sequestration budget reductions.  Consistent with the positive signals that I noted last quarter, industrial computers and semiconductor revenue increased 4% year over year, driven by investments in next-generation semiconductor process technologies. Communications revenue declined 5% year over year due to softness in wireless R&D and broadband spending. Wireless manufacturing was up 1% year over year. Long term growth drivers remain intact. Wireless standards continue to evolve, driving investment in emerging network technologies. As a result of two key product introductions, EMG is well-positioned to capitalize on these macro trends. As I’ve said before, we are committed to winning in the wireless ecosystem. In November, we introduced a new modular wireless manufacturing test platform called EXM. It is getting strong reviews for both cellular and wireless land tests, and just two weeks ago, we introduced a major new wireless R&D platform called UXM. Both the manufacturing and R&D platforms have multiformat architectures to support 4G standards and can be upgraded as standards evolve. Another key part of our product strategy is to build a modular product offering that leverages our technology leadership in feature-rich instrumentation. Our modular business continues to gain momentum, with orders for PXI and AXIe offerings again showing strong double-digit growth in Q1.  Shifting from Q1 results, we remain focused on our FY14 priorities which are to launch ourselves as an independent company, focus solely on electronic measurement customers, strengthen our position in wireless communications and modular solutions, and to continue to generate strong profit margins for our shareholders. As Bill commented about the split, I am pleased to report that we continue to make excellent progress and remain on track to separate EMG from Agilent. On January 7, we announced the name of our new company as Keysight Technologies. As we plan to begin operating under the Keysight Technologies name as a subsidiary of Agilent, effective August 1, the spinoff is expected to occur in November. Despite the extensive work involved with the separation, we remain intensely focused on managing our business without interruption and delivering the quality, innovation, and service that our customers deserve and expect. Turning to our outlook for Q2, Keysight revenues are expected to be in the range of $705 million and $745 million. We expect operating margins at the midpoint to be 18.2%. With expected growth of approximately 8% in the second half of FY14, revenues are now expected to be in the range of $2.84 billion to $3.0 billion, or 2% core growth at the midpoint for FY14. We expect operating margins at the midpoint to be 18.7%. I will now turn it over to Didier to provide more details on Agilent’s financial results.
Ron Nersesian: With regards to the decremental, we’ve looked at that closely, and we are anticipating growth of 8% in the second half. And accordingly, we are continuing to invest to bring up new platforms that we think will drive that growth in the second half.
Ron Nersesian: Yes, orders were fine, and that means that our Q2 guidance we could have met if we didn’t have the $15 million delays in the actual revenue recognition or customer acceptance. Longer term, for the second half, we just think that the aerospace/defense market, given its hole in Q1, and given where it’s coming from, is going to be a little bit slower.  So as Bill had mentioned, we have a real hockey stick, from roughly 7% decline in Q1, and we’re forecasting an 8% increase in growth in the second half, so we are expecting a significant upturn. And we’ve seen things like Europe. Europe has posted growth for seven months in a row. That feels very good. The semiconductor market overall feels very good. But there are other mix things that would cause us not to count on more than 8% growth in the second half.
Ron Nersesian: As far as emerging markets, we sell in aerospace/defense to some of the emerging markets, in particular Russia, a little bit to India, and some to China. And we saw those markets were soft. As a matter of fact, if you add them up, like some other competitors have announced previously, our orders were off 16% in Q1 in the emerging markets. And again, that’s an overlay with aerospace/defense in certain areas. So that’s the environment that we’re seeing there, which tends to correlate with the guidance that we have going forward. The things that make us excited is when we look at the second half, Europe continues to be strong, from the standpoint that it’s grown seven months in a row. And we had two major product platforms that we’ll start shipping in the second half. One is the wireless manufacturing platform, which is a modular based platform that’s getting excellent reviews, and the latest is the new one that we just announced a couple of weeks ago, which is a new wireless R&D platform. And just to give you an idea, this platform is the latest and greatest. It’s up there, and customers have been giving us reviews saying it’s the best platform that exists on the market. It handles LTE advanced and category six data rates up to 300 megabits. It does carrier aggregations, all the latest things. And it has integrated fading, which is typically something that someone would have to buy a [unintelligible] product and hook it up with their wireless product in order to make the solution happen.  So when we take a look at the strength of the products, the feedback that we’ve had in these areas, how Europe has turned around, and also how things are starting to pick up in some other areas, that gives us the confidence for the second half.
Ron Nersesian: There’s no doubt with our new platform that’s coming out, we are gaining momentum. If you look at two areas where we probably had the biggest product holes on a competitive basis, it was in the wireless manufacturing and wireless R&D platforms. And we have really come a very long way in those areas within the past year. With regard to China Mobile, for the TDD/LTE spectrum, it was awarded to all three players ahead of schedule. Commercial licenses have been issued, and China Mobile plans to put in place 500,000 LTE base stations in 340 Chinese cities. And we’re very much engaged in that. Obviously Ericsson is number one in share, Huawei two, NSM three, and Alcatel Lucent four, and we are very strong in the base station area, and will continue to try to win that business.
Ron Nersesian: We see growth in communications for us. We have forecasted a 2% growth for the year. The market’s probably flat. There are two things that are going on there. We’re obviously seeing the unit volume increases from 1.8 billion phones or the 1 billion smartphones that are being produced today.  But you also do see some price erosion that goes on as we’ve seen more consolidation in the marketplace, and you’ve seen a couple of the smartphone manufacturers actually put a little bit more pressure on the market.  The good thing about this market is these standards continue to evolve. They are very highly complex technical challenges, and accordingly, we seem to offset that with our business in R&D or by having leading edge technology. But looking at all that, we still see that 2% growth when you factor in the unit growth and the pricing situation. 
Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Ron, and hello, everyone. To recap the quarter, our revenue, adjusted for $5 million of unfavorable currency, was $6 million, or 0.4%, below the midpoint of our guidance, but our EPS was $0.01 over. Once again, we were able to deliver on our EPS commitment thanks to our disciplined management of expenses, in line with our operating model. Please note that that Q1 core revenue growth by segment and by geography is reported in the slide deck, posted on our website. This quarter, currency subtracted about 1.5 percentage points from our year over year revenue growth and acquisitions had no material impact. A final note on Q1, we bought back $100 million of stock in Q1, and therefore completed the $1 billion stock repurchase program authorized by the board in May of 2013. I’ll now turn to the guidance for our second quarter. We expect Q2 revenues of $1.72 billion to $1.74 billion and EPS of $0.71 to $0.73. At the midpoint, revenue will grow 1% on a core basis. Our 18.2% projected operating margin at the midpoint will be 60 basis points higher than in Q1, and 110 basis points lower than Q2 of last year.  Remember that we initiated a drastic cut in discretionary expenses early February of last year that resulted in over $30 million of expense savings in Q2 last year, so we face a tough compare. While we are maintaining our spending discipline, we’re also investing in key growth initiatives.  Now to the revised guidance for fiscal year 2014. We’re now expecting fiscal year ’14 revenues to range from $6.9 billion to $7.1 billion and at the midpoint this translates into 3.6% core revenue growth. As stated by Ron, EMG has revised down its midpoint revenue guidance by $55 million, to a year over year core growth of 2%. Midpoint operating profit guidance for EMG has been reduced by $35 million and operating margin guidance at the midpoint is 18.7%. At the same time, LDA has increased its midpoint revenue guidance by $5 million to a year over year core growth of 5%. Midpoint operating profit guidance is increased by $4 million, leading to an operating margin midpoint of 19.5%. Agilent EPS is now projected to range from $2.96 to $3.16 and the midpoint of $3.06 is down $0.12 from the November guidance, which represents a reduction of $0.13 coming from EMG offset by an increase of $0.01 from LDA. With that, I’ll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A. 
Didier Hirsch: As I mentioned, the $55 million revenue decline for EM triggers $35 million operating profit decline. And I’ll let Ron just talk about the incremental decremental.
Didier Hirsch: And even this quarter, we’ve grown 6.4% on the currency adjusted. Taking into account the fact that we had China New Year, which our competitors don’t, and last year it wasn’t there, it was in February.
Bill Sullivan: Our orders were right on expectation at $699 million. What happened was we built about $15 million in pipeline due to Lunar New Year. So this is basically products that we’ve received orders for, we shipped, but we’re not able to recognize revenue because of the way Lunar New Year fell. We anticipated and forecasted that to a certain extent, but it was greater than what we thought. We plan to flush that backlog, that $15 million worth of backlog in Q2, as well as have a sequential increase of $39 million to bring our revenue up $54 million in Q2. 
Bill Sullivan: For the aerospace and defense segment, that is the biggest segment that really is driving the change. We had expected that to be flat. It actually was down 27% because of the tough compare. So in particular for the year, we’re moving it from flat for the year to down 5%. The comms business, we were forecasting 3% growth before, and now for the year 2% growth. And industrial computer and semi, we were forecasting 5% growth, and we still are. And that business has been turning, especially in the semiconductor space. So the decline is basically driven in the aerospace defense spending. Even though the budget was approved in September, it’s been a slow start. We have seen more acceleration towards the end of Q1 on quote activity and orders start to pick up, but we do believe that there’s a bit of a lag in that recovery. 
Bill Sullivan: The box business is much greater than the PXI or the modular business, and it continues to be so, but we are building our modular offering because that provides advantages for certain customers. Our modular business is relatively small, and it continues to grow. We’ve stated that it’s roughly $100 million in the past. Last quarter we saw approximately 50% growth and this quarter it was well into double digits, getting close to that same 50% number. So we are seeing traction. At first we brought out some of the infrastructure products, and now we’re coming out with core RF and wireless products to go forward.  As a matter of fact, the platform that we had for manufacturing is a modular platform that we just introduced, and the reviews on that product are very, very good. We’re very pleased with it. 
Bill Sullivan: We’re definitely gaining share in the PXI market. There’s no doubt about it. I believe our growth is quicker at roughly 50% the last two quarters. But we will continue to work on that. That is a multiyear strategy that we’ll continue to drive over the next five plus years, until we’re number one.
Bill Sullivan: I’ll make a comment about China, which is more difficult, then turn it over to Fred to talk about the U.S. Again, a lot of these is who your customer base is, and exactly where you are in the process. Clearly, in China and there, our belief in January was a slowdown in terms of commitments in academic and research. And that was impacted by the Lunar New Year. So I don’t think that we’re going to get a really solid feel to exactly where our position will be in academic and research until Q2. And I’ll have Fred comment about the U.S., which is obviously a large market. 
Bill Sullivan: And I’ll put my editorial on it again. Not to make an excuse, but every time Lunar New Year is in our January, or our Q1, we have a lot of anomalies that are difficult, and unfortunately it only shows up every three or four years. But if you go back over that period of time, it is always an interesting quarter to describe when we have this event.
Bill Sullivan: Again, we combined the two organizations between the clinical and our pathology. We’re absolutely convinced our array CGH business as well as our target enrichment is going, and we had a very, very robust growth rate. But we did have a slow quarter versus our Q4. I’ll have Fred make a couple of comments about the pathology specifically, and any other color commentary regarding genomics.
Bill Sullivan: Our forecast was to exceed the midrange of the guidance all the way up towards the end of the quarter. And right near the middle of January, the middle to second half of January, we received a very substantial number of requests to delay delivery until after Chinese New Year. That happened in China. We also saw some of that in other areas.  In aerospace/defense, the budget was signed in December, but at first what was happening, the end users didn’t know how much money they were going to get, because it wasn’t passed out to them. We actually saw nice acceleration in aerospace/defense right at the end of the quarter, but obviously that did not translate into revenue.  And don’t forget that Q1 ’13 was the largest quarter that we had in over eight quarters, where in Q4 of ’12, people were placing their last orders before sequestration and then we shipped that, about $195 million, in Q1 of ’13. So we had a very high compare on that standpoint. So aerospace/defense, basically it was a very slow start to spending the money that picked up at the end of the quarter, and then in China, we saw some pushouts, and two orders alone accounted for $11 million worth of the delta.
Bill Sullivan: From a management perspective, the thinking was very straightforward. Recovery of electronic measurement or [unintelligible] was in the second half of the year. That was the assumption of the guidance. We had a difficult Q1 to interpret. So we’re going into Q2 with quite frankly a fair amount of uncertainty because of the issue that Ron outlined very, very well.  So then the question that comes in is if we don’t change the guidance, then the second half recovery is just enormous, and I think that that would set wrong expectations. So we said if Q2 is what we think it’s going to be, then the second half snap back can’t make up the difference from the first half. So that’s logic number one, and hope we’re wrong, but that’s the logic path that we went in.  On the expense side, we’re in a big Catch 22. We have to win in modules. We have to win in communication. We’ve got to get these new products out. LDA has a whole string of products, and so to take draconian expense cuts, given this uncertainty that we have, also is I don’t think the right answer. And so we made those two tradeoffs moving forward, and try to lay out to investors the best we can what we think will happen, given the problems that we had in Q1 in electronic measurement and the continued uncertainty going forward.
Bill Sullivan: We have been authorized by the board to maintain our share count at I believe it’s 335, and this quarter we’re actually at 338. So yes, we have the cash available, and yes, we have the authorization to continue to make stock repurchases.
Bill Sullivan: Yes, we have. I apologize for not answering it directly, but we will share that in the Mach analyst day meeting. But we are very, very close to determining essentially what the tax rate will be for the new Agilent moving forward, and the range for our key sites in there. But please wait until March, and we will have that.  I think it’s important that I don’t give the number now, because the Form 10 will be published right before that, and then you will get a historical perspective of what the actual tax rates have been for what the two companies have been if they were independent. So I think it’s good to see the total answer in context moving forward. I continue to say that we are taking the opportunity to look at ways to ensure that we have sufficient cash in the U.S. Obviously Keysight has to have sufficient cash in the U.S. moving forward, and so there will be some tweaking of the overall tax rate.
Bill Sullivan: No, I think as Fred said, there’s clearly a lot of orders that were pulled into the last month of our Q4. The start off in November was terrible. We ended in January, I think, quite fine, I think a 7% growth rate, but we had a terrible start to the quarter. And I don’t know if we’ve trained all of our new employees about how the compensation system works at Agilent, for many, many decades, but nonetheless, we just had a terrible start to Q1.  January was fine, so basically some of the order shortfall in November got booked in October is basically what I’m saying, and we exited the quarter on the runway, and we think that we’re going to have solid growth as we move forward. But we did have a slow start to our Q1.
Bill Sullivan: I’ll make a couple of comments on the LDA side, and then turn it over to Ron on the Keysight side. Again, our non-GAAP in East Asia business grew 8%. Obviously China/Korea was very, very strong for us in the quarter. India continues to struggle. I think in the Americas, Brazil has its challenges moving forward. And so there are issues out there that we have to address, but quite frankly China just dominates the position for LDA. So how China goes, that’s how our emerging markets will go.
Bill Sullivan: I’m not sure that I know. No, there’s nothing for us. Again, we’ve been a late entry into that market since our program that we made in triple quad and [unintelligible], and obviously in our genomics area. And so I’m not sure that our own issues are somewhat unique to what our investment strategy is and exactly who those customers are. So we’re not of knowledge that any particular impact good or bad, versus the [unintelligible] that you had asked about.
Bill Sullivan: There’s no doubt we cut very deeply, and I would say that we were on edge. There are a couple of product areas where we really needed to invest and win. It’s as simple as that. The wireless one box testers, we talked about those key products. And again, we’re in this for the long haul. We don’t want to be short sighted. If we didn’t anticipate an upturn that would be coming within quarters, we would potentially do something different. But given how important it is for us to be number one, and given what we see coming, we believe that this is in the best interest of the shareholders and they’ll be happy for it over time.
Bill Sullivan: Again, be very careful comparing quarter to quarter, particularly given our quarter is off all of our competitors. We had a very strong end of the year. Our competitors had a very strong close at their end of the year. You really have to look at the rolling four quarters when you look at Agilent moving forward.  If you in fact look at the organic growth rate, the last four, we’re basically at the overall market. I would argue the second half of the last two quarters we have been slightly above that. At the beginning of the year we were slightly below that moving forward.  But again, I’d be very cautious of making those comparisons, because I’m sure that many people ask our competitors, how come Agilent had such a great four? And again, I think you’ve got to really normalize it on a calendar day to really get a true view of what the true organic growth rate is. Bottom line is, last four quarters we were basically growing at the overall market, which we believe is about 5% organic growth rate.
Bill Sullivan: I am very cautious on market share. All the comment was is that our growth in the fiscal year was higher at that point in time than the competition. Then they ended their fiscal year and you saw that little bit of shift moving forward. We are very, very cautious on doing it. The competition is very, very good. They have their up and down quarters, we have our up and down quarters, specifically in areas that we have done well, such as the LC, other areas that we have been below the market. And so in aggregate, right now, if you look at where everyone is today, plus our additional month, we’re roughly, non currency adjusted, at a 5% organic growth rate, which is the weighted average of the market. 
Bill Sullivan: No, as Fred said, our placement is going exactly as we want it to do. I’ve also been very clear that we are taking a very deliberate path to install, to ensure that the equipment works, that there aren’t issues moving forward, that we have the right products that are validated on it, that we have new releases. And again, we’ve said this for many years, this is going to be a slow, methodical process. We did not want to get ourselves in a situation where we overextend ourselves, we get placements in place that aren’t performing to what we believe the instrument can perform. So we are systematically engaging, as Fred said, and installing a dozen systems every quarter.
Bill Sullivan: I’m going to go back to the broad strategic decision. We, based on our guidance, given the uncertainty, are not going to pull the trigger right this moment to dramatically reduce our variable spending. We could do that, Didier talked about it. We did a year ago and took $30 million out. All of the triggers that we have in place still exist. There is too much uncertainty in the quarter to execute that.  The issue clearly is in Keysight. [Ron’s story], soon to be a large shareholder, is all about growth, and we have to continue to execute on the programs that we have had. And obviously Ron and the team, as they move forward the new board - in fact, if you don’t have the [unintelligible], you can pull those triggers. So we can do that tomorrow. It is quite easy to pull the triggers. All the variable components that we have in place are exactly the way they were in the past. But just given the outlook it is, I’m in 100% support of Ron and his decision to continue to execute the plan and be realistic on what the second half recovery can be, and not just sit here today at the beginning of the year and hope for somehow you’re going to get a huge growth in the second half of the year. And I just don’t want to set unrealistic expectations. 
Bill Sullivan: No, we’ll give more detail in the March meeting. But in terms of the split cost, what we will say is that the one-time separation costs will be higher than what we said before. We’re doing two things. One is we’re accelerating and expanding the branding of Keysight, and I think that’s clearly a worthwhile investment. And we are making greater progress on the separation than we had alluded to. The outcome of that will be that the synergy costs on the Keysight side are going to be minimal, and the synergies on the Agilent side are going to be higher, just because of the great job the team has done in separating. :
Fred Strohmeier: I think, you know, the NIH [unintelligible], if you look at the NIH [project], we’ve defended it for a large piece of the spending. You see that this is below the spending of 2012. And if you look to the pattern of things which are sold at the moment, there is some hesitation to spend the money on instrumentation as well as on services and consumables, and this is a consideration as we see it at the moment.
Fred Strohmeier: The pathology business, as Bill said, was indeed a bit weak. We have pulled in a lot of orders in Q4 of last year. That was one effect. And quite honestly, if you look to the first quarter of fiscal year ’13, this also was impacted by an artifact so that at the moment, Q1 looks a bit low. I think we believe the demand for pathology is pretty robust, and in particular, as Bill mentioned, we see a lot, in particular in the clinical space, I think the micro arrays are outgrowing by far, at the moment, our competitors. Sure [fisher] is making inroads into the market, and by the way, also the microfluidics business is growing double digits, mid double digits, and this together gives a good footprint in the clinical space with the genomics products we are providing. 
Fred Strohmeier: Yes, the OMIX platform is picking up as we speak. We have shipped a couple of dozen in the latest quarter. The feedback we are getting back from our customers remains positive. And we have put a couple of new assays during the quarter on the platform as well. We are just rolling the product out as the others come in. 
