William P. Sullivan: Thanks, Alicia, and hello, everyone. Agilent had Q4 orders of $1.75 billion, up 4% year-over-year. Q4 revenues of $1.73 billion were up 9% year-over-year. The revenues were slightly below our guidance due to currency.  Non-GAAP EPS was $0.84 per share, above our guidance, and operating margin was 21.6%. Agilent's operational performance was the best in its history. Electronic Measurement had Q4 revenues of $855 million, up 12% over last year. Communications growth of 20% was driven by wireless manufacturing. General purpose growth of 8% was driven by industrial markets, while Aerospace and Defense grew 2%. Quarterly operating margin was above 24%, another record high for the business. Chemical Analysis saw revenue growth of 4% over last year to $405 million. Petrochemical grew 8%, with strong GC sales to industrial accounts. Food was up 5%, driven primarily by China. Forensics and environmental revenues were up 1%. Q4 operating margin was 24%. Life Science revenues of $471 million were up 9% over last year. Strong demand from applied markets led the growth. Pharma grew 5%, academic government was up 4% and operating margin for the quarter was 14%. In summary, our applied markets grew 9%, our core Life Science business grew 4%.  We generated $510 million of cash from operations and ended the fiscal year with $1.4 billion in net cash. For the year, Agilent's revenue of $6.6 billion were up 21% over last year. Operating profit of $1.3 billion, 20% of revenue, was up 40%. FY '11 was an excellent year for Agilent. Our outlook for FY '12 is for the revenue to be $6.85 billion to $7.15 billion. FY '12 EPS is expected to be in the range of $3 to $3.35 per share. The basis for our forecast is as follows. Today, the outlook for the worldwide gross domestic product growth is about 3.5%. We are going to take a conservative position in the measurement market and assume that, that market will also grow 3.5%. Based on our geographic and product mix of our 8 market segments, we will believe we'll have an additional 1.5% growth. And finally, the Electronic Measurement Group's backlog flush will contribute 0.7%. Therefore, we'll end up in the midrange of our guidance of roughly 5.7% growth for next year.  By market segment, Electronic Measurement is expected to grow 4.2% inclusive of the anticipated reduction of backlog. Life Science and Chemical Analysis combined are expected to grow 7.1%, again resulting in our midrange growth guidance of 5.7%.  First quarter FY '12 revenue guidance is $1.65 billion to $1.67 billion with non-GAAP earnings of $0.67 to $0.69 per share. Our revenue EPS guidance reflects the impact of the lunar holiday in the last week of January, which is the end of our fiscal quarter.  We remain cautious as we entered the new year but believe there are several excellent market opportunities. We believe communications and petrochemical markets will remain robust along with solid opportunities in the food markets. We also see continued opportunities to increase our presence in the Life Science market. Couple these market opportunities with our continued investment in emerging markets and we believe our growth expectations are realistic, barring a financial crisis.  In addition, we'll continue to focus on improving gross margins in the Chemical Analysis and Life Science Groups. As I have noted in the past, we are leveraging Agilent's design capability, supply chain and low-cost manufacturing capability to improve our Chemical Analysis and Life Science gross margins. While this effort will take several years, we can believe we continue to make solid progress in FY '12.  Finally, we plan to continue to invest 10% of revenue in R&D. We have a deep pipeline of new product launches in FY '12 across all of our products -- across all of our product lines. We are committed to be the technology leader and to maintain our #1 position in customer satisfaction.  Thank you for being on the call, and now I'd like to turn it over to Didier.
William P. Sullivan: Again, we have no changes to our capital allocation. Our #1 focus is continuing to invest in our business. Those types of business has to create value for our shareholders. Secondly, and we have a long history of that, is returning cash back to our shareholders through stock repurchase in particular. As Didier has outlined in the past, next year you should target roughly a repatriation of about $500 million. Unfortunately, it's at the very end of the calendar year. And so until there is a change in Congress, the likelihood of a substantial repatriation in FY '12 is low.
William P. Sullivan: As you know, Will, we've been very clear that in terms of what we would say by leveraging the infrastructure, the company leveraging our IT systems, leveraging our financial systems, that we are able to take $35 million of cost out. And that has been completed. The additional $35 million is around cost of sales. And in that area, both Mike and Nick are working very hard to redesign products, get new products out, leveraging the supply chain within Agilent and, of course, moving products to the appropriate locations. We have set up some of the Spectroscopy product lines are now up and running in Penang, and the teams are working very, very hard. This is going to be a multiyear effort. But as I said in my comments, I believe that we're going to continue to see measurable improvement as we go into next year. If you look at the gross margin difference between LS and CA versus EMG, we have a lot of opportunity moving forward, but we want to do it right. It's easy to tear the costs out to begin with, but what we want to do is make sure that the products that we are developing are highly competitive and we will go through the design cycle to ensure that we have very high-quality, product-leading platforms and, of course, low-cost manufacturing.
William P. Sullivan: Just roughly in India, our growth rate was over 30%, similar to China. Brazil was up 70%. Russia was up 40%.
William P. Sullivan: Yes. I'll make a comment again, and then, Ron, if you'll -- to chime in terms of the aerospace and, again, Nick in terms of the overall government where we're in a different position given our market share tends to be low. But we're assuming, as we move forward, Aerospace and Defense is going to be flat. We did get 2% growth this year. We do have opportunities outside the United States. But the model that we are -- we have built on our growth has really conservatively looked at growth opportunities in some of these segments and then looked at where the opportunities are such as communications, such as petrochemical, such as the mix into the emerging markets. And that's how we derive the range of outcome or like that outcome in FY '12, barring another financial crisis. But again, we are taking a conservative position given where we are. Even if there is not a resolution in the U.S., the impact on Aerospace and Defense, and particularly the DoD, won't happen until '13. So my overall guess is that the market in '12 will be flat in the U.S. Ron, any additional comments? Nick, comment.
William P. Sullivan: Again, just to restate what Ron had said, the big difference with EMG going to '12, it's all communication. We need to continue to grow much faster than the overall market and really capitalize on the 3G opportunity and emerging markets and win in 4G. And I think based on another quarter of excellent results, we are clearly performing well in the communication market.
William P. Sullivan: Just to add on that, just -- if you just look at the market growth of Aerospace and Defense is flat, coms is 7 and industrial computer is 5. You sort of get what the guidelines we've given for Ron.
William P. Sullivan: Clearly, our growth bias is to the BRIC countries that we have. Didier, do you any additional color commentary in terms of any mix other than we're -- I've been very clear that my overall growth expectations in the U.S. and Europe are low.
William P. Sullivan: And again, the reason that we feel that we're just inherently going to have a higher growth rate in the world's GDP indicator would be is because the continued mix into developing countries where 39% of our business is in Asia. And I've already given you the numbers of the progress we're making in Brazil as well as in Russia.
William P. Sullivan: So you, again, continue to model in a couple hundred million dollars a year for tuck-in acquisitions. We continue to look for larger acquisitions. And I've been very clear, the valuations continue to be quite high. And we are absolutely determined to return greater than the cost of capital. Our return on invested capital last quarter continued at 27%, and we will not make an acquisition with the shareholders' money that we don't have high confidence that we can return real value to them.
William P. Sullivan: And I think that Ron may want to speak to the whole digital I/O investment that continues to go on the computer industry. I think we'll continue to drive oscilloscopes sales.
William P. Sullivan: I think you're essentially you're going to see a revenue growth that is a couple, couple-plus percent moving forward. And somehow, we aren't able to react quickly to adjust expenses moving forward. But as I said, we -- we're -- I think we've taken a balanced view going into '12, very consistent with the model that we have shared in the past in terms of our growth rate between 4% and 12%. We're essentially giving guidance in that lower part given the economic uncertainty, but we are taking a very conservative position going into next year. We're going to continue to drive our gross margins. And you would have to have some sort of very low growth and a bad mix, I think, to effectively end up at the very low-end range.
William P. Sullivan: First of all, I just would suggest to look at very, very steady progress over the year built into our plan. I think a realistic number. I hope that Mike and Nick are able to beat that number, but you should see continued improvement as we go through FY '12.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Let me take the second question first, which is the Pharma and Biotech comment. So, yes, we still see strength in terms of a technology upgrade replacement cycle. Geographically, that strength is as good or better in emerging markets where we see large Pharma's new sites as it is in the existing markets, but that's a pretty strong cycle for us through '12. And as I've said before, we get nervous around '13, but for '12 right now, that looks pretty good throughout the year. So that's the first part of the question.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: And on the academic government, let me just do a couple of slices for you. First of all, we see that as a pretty healthy mid-single digit market on a worldwide basis. We're going to see real strength in the emerging markets, although it's a small number. Europe looks positive, believe it or not, in academic government, and the Jeffers [ph] team did an analysis, about a 5% growth rate there. That's consistent with our analysis for Europe, so we think that's what the market will do. The U.S. is a real problem. And so the question is what does that look like? NSF budget's down about 2.4%. NIH budget, although it has not fully passed through Congress, looks like it will be slightly up. But right now, we're on continuing resolution. But to give you an effect of how small an impact that is to us, we had a significant double-digit down in North American academic government and still had strong numbers. And that's for Q4. So we're not too worried, but it could be a rough year for academic government in the U.S.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes. And on the Life Science side, as you know, the bulk of that is NMR, and you're correct at pointing at it. It is a longer cycle until we see all the investments return, but we have consoles, which is about 1/3 of the NMR instrument fully out of Penang now. It's got design technologies from EMG in the product, and that's been shipping. So that's been a great help out in terms of both product reliability and cost. We've invested in reformatting the factory for magnets, and that productivity has gone way up. We are doing a technology roll there, but that technology roll won't be out for another year or so. But we have significant productivity in the magnet factory going up. And we're putting money in the probes, which is the third subcomponent of an NMR system. So we are making real progress. It's exactly what Bill said. Long cycle, it's mostly technology roll, and the money to date has been in infrastructural costs like sales and service and some factory modifications.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes. So maybe I'll dive into some of that and then if Didier wants to add anything or Bill does. First of all, Americas, yes, you did see the softness I mentioned earlier, which was really heavily academic government, and that's what we saw in the quarter. Some orders came in late, so I think you did hit the nail on the head. Good book-to-bill and late orders show that we did have some pick up at the end of the quarter. That pick up was not in the Americas. The continuing resolution funding that's funding economic government is freezing that up, and there's some question about whether the Pharma guys are going to get impacted depending on the special committee and what that does to Medicare. So Americas are still trickling along. Again, to Bill's comment, our expectations on the Americas are above, but in line with GDP there. So America's GDP, going forward, is not going to be a big number and we'll do better than that number, but it's not a big number for us in terms of growth.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes. I'll just echo that, Ajit. In the LS market, you hit the nail on the head. Focus channel, a lot of new products, there's a lot of pressure out there, particularly in the academic government sector, but we have not seen any erosion in our product pricing based on it.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes, Derik. Exactly correct. The comment on softness was Americas Pharma, and the overall comment was global, which means good strength in Europe and good strength in emerging countries where Big Pharma is moving.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes, the attachment rate is much improved compared to the past. And I think it's down to the number of people that provide a UHPLC column, is very, very small. And so now what we're seeing is people are buying their columns with their box, and I think others have made that comment, too. And we expect that to be a cycle that holds for a while, while the column technology in ultra high pressure is way ahead for us and others who make instruments, as opposed to general column makers.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Sorry, arrays. In regard to arrays, that market is very soft. We're doing fine in the specific cytogenetic CGH utilization, but that market is rapidly being cannibalized by sequencing for gene expression. That's not new to Agilent, so we're not surprised by that and we've always been weak there.
Nicolas H. Roelofs: Yes, I won't split it by products because it's fairly complex. But the pacing through the quarter, we commented last call about the fact that the end of July was a big trough, and that August seemed to pick up. What has happened during the quarter is through August and September, things were pretty decent. That was spending out the year end money of FY '10. The R01 grant money is not flowing because everybody is in continuing resolution mode. And so the October numbers have been very soft.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, Bill, and on Nick's comments relative to the Chemical Analysis space, we're still anticipating continued strength in the replacement market in the chemical and energy space as well as the emerging markets will continue to be a source of growth of business, and as Bill highlighted earlier in the area of food and, in particular, in environmental in China.
Michael R. McMullen: You answered your own question, this is Mike. So we did have tough comp relative to '10. I mean, we had a big bulge in the Americas business last year as well as the substitution effect in some divested products, but we're very confident about the go forward look for the business as you move into the first half. And it's really centered around 2 major themes. One is this emerging market focus that Bill alluded to earlier. Growth was very strong in emerging markets, again led by Asia in the fourth quarter. Our book-to-bill actually was over 1 despite the sequential growth in orders in revenue. And we're really going to benefit from the strength of a number of new product offerings, as I mentioned in the last call. We had new offerings at both Spectroscopy and high-end Mass Spec area, and we're now starting to take orders for those. And you'll see that flowing into the revenue in the first half of next year. So we're very confident about where we're heading in the early part of '12.
Michael R. McMullen: Bill, this is Mike. I thought I'd just build on your comments. And I think as Didier mentioned earlier, we're starting to see some traction in the third to fourth quarter as the GM's gross margins saw a pretty good sequential improvement. I think you're starting to see some of the earlier stage effects of the Variant integration of synergies.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes. I mean, we're fully engaged. We're coming to market with a number of new products over the last several quarters, so we're really starting to see the initial yield in terms of the new product introductions and the increase that we made in the R&D. And particularly, in the area of our Spectroscopy business, we have a number of new offering that have come out in the last quarter, a revolutionary introduction in the element analysis with our NPAS product along with the world's smallest FT-IR benchtop in the past quarter as well. So the yields there, we're getting the growth and we're going to get the share gains as we move forward into '12. And then in terms of a relative comment about the drag in margin, we actually look at -- on the CAG business, each quarter, the margins actually have increased and are up over last year's level as well. So as Bill mentioned, we've been able to fund these increases in R&D through the operational efficiency approach that Bill mentioned along with we're starting to see the uptake in terms of our gross margins.
Michael R. McMullen: I might have specifically called out China, but I'd say there's a real emerging market story for the food, food market. We're seeing new regulations of both being passed and actually enforced in countries such as India, Brazil, the food markets growing, so it's a really emerging market play. I'd say it's stable in the mature markets, and we've seen a lot of rhetoric around some of the U.S. FDA Food Safety bill but not a lot of significant bump in business, but I wouldn't want you to have the impression that's only a China story here. There's growth in many other geographies as well around the food market.
Michael R. McMullen: This is Mike. I'll make a few comments and perhaps Nick wants to build on this. But very similar response you heard from Ron, pricing structures remain really quite stable. We have pockets here and there of competitors trying to win certain accounts, but nothing out of the norm. And in fact, as we've improved the strength of the portfolio, made it even more competitive, we're even in a stronger pricing position. So I think the pricing has not been an area of concern for us.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. Communications market continues to be very strong, as we showed, 20% growth in revenue. And we also had very strong growth in wireless manufacturing. So it would be orders were relatively linear through the quarter, there wasn't a huge hockey stick in the last month of the fiscal year as we've seen in the past, but the guidance that we've given is very consistent with what we are seeing.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Well, each company is in a different position, and they may go -- they may take different approaches, but we are seeing a race towards 4G. So first of all, we're seeing smartphone growth in -- within 3G -- in 3G cell phones and that continues. In 4G, they're starting to roll out where more the investment, though, is in the base station side. We did see a bit of a pause in base station build-outs in Europe, but other than that, we've seen very strong growth in the overall smartphone market that has driven our overall Communications business.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Now that's exactly what we're seeing in Electronic Measurement business. That's roughly flat. We feel very competitive about where we are, but we're seeing programs push out as people are a little unsure on spending. But as Bill has mentioned, about 33% of our business is outside of the U.S., and that business, depending on where it is, may or may not be different.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Yes, as Bill had mentioned, we grew approximately $200 million worth of backlog last year, and we've been trying to get that down. This quarter, we managed to ship or burn about $33 million of backlog, so we'll continue to do that. And that adds, as Bill had mentioned about 0.7 points of growth for Agilent, or roughly 1.4 points of growth this upcoming year for EMG. But the order situation, is flat, but we see a dynamic environment. Some of the smaller businesses that we're in, such as little pieces that we still have left in the semiconductor market, are down. The Aerospace and Defense businesses is flat, but we're seeing other areas, such as the industrial market, grow. It grew 20% this quarter. And we've seen wireless manufacturing grow over 50% during this last quarter, and communications in total grow 20%. So it's a mixed picture, but the underlying trend of moving towards 4G and the rollout of these new technologies that we see around the world, I do not believe that is going to take a significant pause. We have seen many companies in the past put their foots on the break when there's been an economic situation and never recover from the cycles. So we're working very closely with the customers to make sure that we capture all the opportunity that's out there.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. It's all about communications. That's what we're seeing grow, that's what we continue to be very strong in. We have a very -- we have an excellent competitive position, and that's where our focus is. So we're going to continue to focus in that area, and we're assuming that, that market will remain moderately healthy. Not even -- we're not even assuming that there's any real inflection point at all in that business for the good. We are assuming the Aerospace Defense business will be roughly flat in the same period of time, so you could make assessments on that, but we're very comfortable with the guidance that we have given.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Well, we've been working for a couple of years to have a much more variable cost structure. We reduced our headcount of internal employees, 3,000 people from 11,000 to 8,000 in the 2009 and early 2010 standpoint. And as we have grown over $1 billion in the last 2 years, or close to 33%, we've only put in about 2% of headcount growth. So we've kept our fixed costs very low. And that has allowed us to deliver this year the highest operating margin ever, the highest return on invested capital ever and the highest gross margin ever, as well as the highest operating profit dollars ever, even including the dotcom boom. So we're very comfortable with the structure that we've put in place, and we've been very, very disciplined not to add people on the upswing because we realize in the capital equipment market there's a little bit of cyclicality that is in it. But the fundamental bases are strong, and we've set ourself up to have double-digit profit, even if revenue were to drop significantly, which we do not expect and on the upside produce phenomenal incrementals like we have done in the past.
Ronald S. Nersesian: For the oscilloscopes, we continue to outgrow the competition. We had revenue growth of 33% this last quarter, which I believe is stronger than any other competitor has reported. And we have record market share for ourselves, so we continue to grow that business. It's doing exceptionally well on the top line and the bottom line, and we continue to take share.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Absolutely. As we look at faster and faster bus speeds within the computer industry, they need high-performance oscilloscopes to go ahead and be able to measure those signals. So as we see all these new standards, everything from the USB 3.0 and the thunderbolt ports and all of the other high-speed serial ports, they need our high-performance products, and that drives our business. But it's worthwhile to say that not only is our high business going well, if you look at the mainstream market, we are setting records in units that are sold with our brand-new, lower end products. So we're taking share also in the midrange, in the low end of the portfolio. That's why I think you're seeing growth that's with -- from Agilent oscilloscopes faster than the competition, and why -- I may get back to the previous question on why some other competitors are doing some more or doing some restructuring.
Ronald S. Nersesian: No, we shipped $33 million or recognized $33 million more in revenue than orders, and we have built up $200 million worth of backlog in the last fiscal year. So our plans are to reduce our backlog more over the coming next 2 years. So we need to get ahead of that. We put capital investment in place and we're very pleased to be able to go ahead and reduce our backlog. And of course, the incrementals that we're producing as we do that are putting real results on the bottom line.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Yes, there's a very wide range in price depending on the products and depending on the markets that we sell into. So for instance, in oscilloscope, we sell some for $1,000 and other ones that go completely loaded for $300,000. So there's a lot of dynamic range, which is affected in the mix. And when you see a quarter that you have a lot more wireless manufacturing growth than you see in R&D, the margins will typically go down a little and vice versa with -- when R&D is higher. So we feel very comfortable with that. We did have the highest gross margin ever for fiscal year '12 compared to any other year since we've been Agilent. And again, our pricing in general is fine, but there are mix issues that move things around within a point as we move forward.
Ronald S. Nersesian: We think the handset market will continue to grow. It will grow as we see smartphones roll out in the 3G marketplaces. We even see some people upgrading from general 2G to 3G, as well as people putting in new lines for 3G in addition to obviously folks that are going into 4G. So basically, you see all of the different technology waves contributing a certain portion to our growth. As far as our revenue growth, it's not surprising at all. We've had some numbers where we've grown over 20% in the past. And now you can see the growth rates. Revenue growth rate has come down to about 12%, which we think is pretty decent.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Well, we have some -- we have small customers and we have big customers, and depending on what's going on, it can go ahead and it can move the quarter-to-quarter sequential growth rates between them. But we typically will see in the future Q4 being higher. But we had such an outstanding Q3. We did not have as an outstanding Q4, but still, well -- a very strong quarter overall.
Ronald S. Nersesian: No significant orders. Overall, the orders are softer than the growth rates we've seen in the past when we built off a much, much lower revenue number. But as you can see, our order rate overall was roughly flat.
Ronald S. Nersesian: No. We see competitors moving into the marketplace. We'll see Rohde & Schwarz add some products and some other people try to combine some things, but that's really not driving or changing our result. As a matter of fact, in the oscilloscope market, where you see it, we're outgrowing everybody.
Ronald S. Nersesian: There has been no impact to our overall supply chain due to that event. There may be some folks that are retooling, which may present some type of business upside for us, but we've had no supply chain impact.
William Stein: I'm hoping you could talk a little bit about the Varian integration. I think the years lapped, and I know that you're on the path to integrating these businesses fully. And I'd like you to talk a little bit, if you can, about the cost savings from the integration where you are on that process.
William Stein: That's very helpful. And, Bill, or whomever wants to chime in, perhaps, can you talk a little bit about emerging market strength outside of China? Be very interested in developments in India, Russia, Brazil, et cetera.
William Stein: There's been a lot of discussion about the floods in Thailand impacting the supply chain in the electronics market generally. And I'm wondering if you can talk about whether there's been any impact on Agilent's business and whether there may be any opportunity to sell into the optical test market.
Didier Hirsch: Well, like every time, we use the exchange rate as of the last day of the previous month, for example, euro equals $1.40, and that's what we use for our guidance. So using those rates, currency plays very, very minimum impact in the -- on the year-over-year growth, about 1 percentage point in the first half, positive; and 1 percentage point in the second half, negative; 0 for the whole year.
Didier Hirsch: The increase from '11, '12 comes from the fact that in Q3 and Q4, and you will have noticed that in our cash flow statements we unwound interest swaps on that, so we had $65 million of cash inflows. And again, that will amortize over the remaining period of the debt. But in the short term, it also means higher interest expense. So interest expense is moving up a little bit and along the line of what you're seeing in Q4.
Didier Hirsch: I would say, in general, you can assume that the growth in the countries will mirror a little bit like the growth in the overall growth where we're talking about 5% revenue growth on the 3.5% GDP growth. Obviously, GDP in China will be more like 7%, 8%, and you will have the same kind of Delta between Agilent growth and the growth in those markets.
Didier Hirsch: So in Japan, 6%, it was very, very comparable EMG; and bioanalytical, about 5%, 6% for both of the -- in terms of order growth core and excluding currency. So it was about the same thing for orders.
