Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Ron, and hello, everyone. To recap the quarter, orders grew 9% year-over-year, revenues grew 7%, and our revenue of $1.766 billion operating margin of 19.2% and EPS of $0.78 were all higher than the high end of our guidance. Please note that Q3 core revenue growth by segment and by geography is reported in the slide deck posted on our website. This quarter, currency added about 0.6 percentage points to our year-over-year revenue growth and acquisitions had no material impact. We bought back $50 million of stock in Q3, redeemed $500 million of debt and generated $28 million in operating cash flow. This is lower than traditional for 3 main reasons: number one, we prepaid about $60 million of supplier invoices at the end of July as we will not make any payment in the early part of August; number two, we paid $29 million for the redemption of the 2015 notes and also prepaid the current interest on that note; and number three, pre-separation expenses amounted to over $60 million. I will now turn to the guidance for our fourth quarter. We expect Q4 revenues of $1.81 billion to $1.85 billion and EPS of $0.87 to $0.91. At midpoint, revenue will grow 6.5% and EPS, 10%. Our 21% projected operating margin at midpoint will be 180 basis points higher than Q3 fiscal year '14 and 60 basis points higher than Q4 of last year. While we are maintaining our spending discipline, we're also investing in key growth initiatives. We expect to generate about -- over $300 million of operating cash flow in Q4 and incur about $60 million of pre-separation costs. Now to the fiscal year 2014. The fiscal year '14 guidance at midpoint remains the same as previously communicated, but we are narrowing the range. We expect fiscal year '14 revenues to range from $6.99 billion to $7.03 billion and fiscal year '14 EPS to range from $3.04 to $3.08. With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. I mean, on the year-over-year basis, most of the reduction in the cash flow from 2013 to 2014 will come from the separation cost, about $180 million, and debt redemption cost, these pluses and minuses. Also we are ending the year -- we are planning to end the year very, very strong. And even though we have best-in-class DSO of about 47, 48 days, that basically -- last year, we had a positive impact on receivables. This year we just need to -- we are building receivables, we are planning to build receivables at the end of the year to support basically, the much higher revenue growth expectation. Then again, we have best-in-class DSO so there's no deterioration of DSO just applied to a higher revenue in Q4. So those are some of the main things.
Didier Hirsch: So for Agilent, no change except that obviously, in terms of our financial report, but obviously the focus of the presentation will solely be on LDA. And then on -- at the same time about Keysight will present their financial results and provide their report on their business separately from Agilent.
Ronald S. Nersesian: We can deliver -- our plan is to deliver the guidance with the Russia halt. This quarter, we saw very good revenue growth in Russia and we saw negative order growth in Russia. But we have taken that into consideration in our guidance.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. First, I'll start with China. We've seen hot basestation manufacturing orders as -- and we've also seen strong orders for components. On the handset side and handset manufacturing, there has been considerable price pressure and that market has undergone some real price erosion. But overall in China, our business looks pretty solid. We have seen some increases on export restrictions for China, as well as Russia, and that has affected our business a little bit. With regard to Japan, the government has not been funding any new programs that we're aware of for satellites or defense work, and that has led to a continued soft environment.
Ronald S. Nersesian: No, it's a PXI modular instrument that could be married with other instruments in a modular form factor. It could be used on the bench or it could be used in production.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. Well overall, first of all, we had predicted 8% growth in the second half. We delivered 8% in Q3 and if you look at the midpoint of our guidance, it's 8% in Q4. We did have very high incrementals above the middle of our guidance during this last quarter, but we do need to still invest in this multiyear transformation to get our product line growing at market and then eventually above market. But the guidance that we just gave right now factors everything in place. Don't forget Q4 is seasonally a strong quarter which basically when you have a significant amount of fixed costs drives higher margins.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. Well, first of all, the basestation build that is obviously 4G and TD LTE for China, et cetera, and FTE [ph] for the rest of the world. But we see players in Europe and in Asia that are doing this. So when you look at some of the major players that are centered out of Europe, we see strength and then we also see strength in China in Asia in the basestation market.
Ronald S. Nersesian: As far as China, our revenue growth was a little bit over 20% for the quarter, but our order growth was 5%.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. Obviously, we have a major difference in what we do in communications where some of the competitors obviously look at network monitoring and features that are basically, let's say, software testing of higher levels. We're testing R&D and manufacturing processes. So that is a significant difference. But I'll let Guy add a little bit of color commentary.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. If you look at the -- sure, I'll just break down by some of the segments. The semiconductor market looks good as they moved to some 20-nanometer pitches. The industrial market looks relatively flattish. The computer market itself is not growing very rapidly from all of the tablet conversion from PCs. In communications, we are seeing a buildout of the infrastructure in basestations, and that certainly helps as people move over to 4G. But there is massive handset manufacturing test pressure on pricing. As more people have entered into the market and people have been very, very aggressive on pricing, that really affects the attractiveness of that market. In aerospace/defense as we saw a nice rebound, a 13% growth in this past quarter, that's from a free up from some of the spending that we saw last quarter and we expect to continue into Q4 with the end of the U.S. fiscal year. So overall on the markets, what we had talked about last year, we see communications a little bit better than the 2% growth that we outlined last quarter for fiscal year '14. We see also the aerospace/defense doing a little bit better than what we had outlined, but we do not see the industrial and computer segment tracking to the 5% that we outlined. So 2 segments are a little bit up, 1 segment is down and net-net, that gives us to our 8% growth for the half.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Yes, it was approximately $15 million, which would have put us right around the midpoint of our guidance.
William P. Sullivan: Agilent Technologies is a leader in gas chromatography, and we will do everything we can to support our existing customers and future customers as we go forward.
William P. Sullivan: Yes, I'll give an overview comment and then turn it over to Mike and Fred to comment in their respective businesses. But my first warning is, I've always had, is you really have to look at the overall performance of the marketplace as a rolling 4 quarters, and again, we're very happy with the performance in Q3. I'm particularly pleased with the rebound from Fred's business from last quarter. I mean, if there is anything in the last quarter that we had is that the growth in revenue in the Life Science side was below expectations. And so that's really the story from my mind is that we've got great order momentum across all of Fred's product lines going forward, and I'll have him comment on that. And of course, Mike's business just continues to roll along. I mean, we are the leader in the applied side of the market. We have a lot of competition because people see that but his team is just doing an outstanding job of holding and if not growing position. But I'll turn it over to Fred, and I'm going to flip the order, put -- go to Fred, because it really is the biggest change sequentially, and then turn it over to Mike.
William P. Sullivan: I'm going to turn it back to Mike, if you don't mind, to answer the first question, because again, he's got a great story on the applied side from a market perspective. And then our China business for LDA was flat. Again, Asia was up 4%, China down -- or Japan down a little bit, China, flat. And so we obviously had a very strong non-China Asia performance. I'm going to have Mike talk a little about his products and then comment on China because a lot of his is in China. But our China business was flat for LDA in the context of overall strong Asia that was up 4%. Obviously, China dominates that performance. And then after Mike answers, I'll have it turn it over to Ron to talk about China specifically for Keysight.
William P. Sullivan: Our stated strategy to date as we had talked about is to, first of all, ensure that we keep our bondholders whole and reduce the debt to ensure that we can maintain our investment grade. We're also committed to making a dividend payment of $130 million, which we believe will be roughly the same percentage dividend as what it was before under Agilent. Stating that, the new Agilent is very, very profitable and has very high cash flow. Our priority continues to be to look on ways to invest in the business. But I've been very clear that we have to digest a lot with the separation, the acquisitions that we have made, and we will continue to work with the Board of Directors to figure out the best way to return cash back to our shareholders.
William P. Sullivan: I'll give you an opinion. The problem is, as you know, in China, is what do you define as government and what do you define as private? Because quite technically, all of the big chem companies, even though they're held as a company, are effectively owned by the government. So I think that from our perspective and where Agilent is, essentially all of the issues are related to impact of government decisions.
William P. Sullivan: And I'm again just defining anything the government effectively controls, the investment strategy is effectively government-owned. And again if you look at -- I mean, the food industry, the pharmaceutical industry and the chemical industry, it's all highly government-impacted. And so they really do make those fundamental decisions at the end of the day. And so if you take our definition, then it is essentially 100% driven by government decision.
William P. Sullivan: Yes, I think that all of us are in the conventional wisdom that -- or a conventional view of thought that organizational changes are relatively straightforward. And that China continues to be the most -- the country with the greatest growth opportunities that we have. Every quarter, you're a little bit disappointed. I think as Mike said, exactly right, I mean, we're confident in the future, you just never know how the funding breaks. And you see that in the defense business, in Ron's business. So I think we're in a position of -- the guidance that we have is our best forecast of what's going to happen in China, so we're not expecting obviously any miracles, and we'll just have to play it out. The good news is, is that in Asia overall, our business is pretty good. In other parts of Asia, we've been quite successful. And we'll keep our fingers crossed and hope that Q4, the bottleneck breaks and we get stronger momentum going into '15.
William P. Sullivan: It's actually working the opposite direction. Ron and the team and our whole core of a [ph] team is doing so well for them to become independent that we have the risk of increasing the dis-synergies. As we said in -- and again, by dis-synergies, that's meaning there's more residual left over in Agilent to be able to manage through. However, and you see it based on our debt -- buying down our debt, we are still quite confident that first order dis-synergies in the new Agilent going forward will be offset by lower interest payments.
William P. Sullivan: I'll have Ron start on Keysight, again obviously, a lot of mix impact depending on what type of deals he takes. And then we'll talk about the LDA going forward.
William P. Sullivan: And I'll just make some high-level comments, again, Jon, if you have additional details, the guys can give an answer. But LDG is by far the most competitive market that we have. I mean, our base comes from the applied. I think we continue to make great progress in Life Science and Diagnostics. The overall gross margin is solid. I would say very, very competitive in the market. But it is the most competitive market that we have moving forward. We have to win. I'm absolutely convinced this will continue to be the long-term growth engine of the company. But this is where the investment is, this is where by far, the most competition is. Fortunately on Mike's team, on the Applied side, continues to do a superlative job. And you can really see the investment that we have made in spectroscopy and again, I alluded to it, and I'll put the plug in, we have systematically redesigned every Varian product line that we received since 2010. And so the NMR, as we said in the past, which is counted in Fred's gross margin, is behind that. We've introduced one product but we really have to turn the product line one more time. But spectroscopy, we're basically done, not only did we spend the money to do it right, secondly, the market sees it. We're winning the awards that indicate how successful we have with the Varian engineers working together with the Agilent engineers to really develop a great product. And so I think in summary, I think the differential change has been the progress we made on the spectroscopy side.
William P. Sullivan: We believe the market growth for next year will be in the 2.5% to 3.5% range, and we're trying to get back to that growth rate.
William P. Sullivan: No. We will report Agilent results with Keysight in Q4. We will discuss in the earnings call the new Agilent going forward. And Ron and team will have a separate investor call afterwards to talk about the results of Q4 and their guidance for FY '15.
William P. Sullivan: And again, I think as Fred said, just look at it as a service opportunity, that we're providing services, and the big payoff is, if we're lucky enough to -- and skillful enough to partner with somebody that they will deliver a differential product in the marketplace, we will get the additional revenue from supporting those reagents and instruments.
William P. Sullivan: We're going to have to wait to next earnings call before we give the '15 guidance moving forward. And also I think it's important not speaking for Ron, but working with his new board to make sure that everyone's aligned for their guidance in '15, and likewise with our board.
William P. Sullivan: Yes, well, Fred's clearly the expert in Europe, so I'll have Fred talk about again, the continued strength that we have in Europe both from a product standpoint and a customer standpoint.
Fred A. Strohmeier: Thanks, Bill. I think we are very pleased with the results we're seeing from all the platforms, I mean, almost across the board, starting on the top, I mean, the LC/MS growth rebounded quite significantly over the last 4 to 5 months after a pretty difficult fiscal year '13. And so we are confident that the new products are really pushing our business forward, starting with the new triple quad which we have introduced at ASMS. And also the single quad which we introduced is keeping up very well against the competition, by the way, really nice growth there. Secondly, we are seeing informatics as a key element. And as we have talked several times about it, increased investments there, informatics is really growing along with that and is pulling instrumentation with it. And third piece is in the classic instrumentation piece is the LCs, which are growing nicely as well from a revenue perspective. And turning to the pieces actually Mike owns but assigned to the Life Science business. Consumables and services were strong as well. So turning over to the genomics and diagnostics space, we saw really significant growth in the genomics space, predominantly driven by the target enrichment of the assembly preparation [ph] for next-generation sequencing. We saw solid growth in the space of pathology, mainly driven by the IQFISH with a few things we have introduced there, which are real significant advantage from a customer's perspective. And we also saw the companion diagnostic rolling at the rate we were expecting. And finally, the companion diagnostic. Also the contract with Merck, they have signed, but we are seeing an increasing demand on companion diagnostic, which is in line with what we are seeing in the market in general.
Fred A. Strohmeier: Yes, what we are seeing is, in general, a rebound in the different geographies. I think the business is coming back honestly on easy compare relative to last year. I mean, I just can give you a few numbers. Worldwide academic research spending is pretty much flat in Europe, according to our information. China is spending about 12% growth in government funding. However, all [ph] to the things Mike was highlighting, this picture is distorted, so that probably some of the money is spent towards the later part of the year and the U.S. is growing in about 2%. So overall I think it is a situation where we can say that it's a relief in this market overall and we are seeing that in our order pattern as well.
Fred A. Strohmeier: That's a good question. We still see big pharma still not loosening their clutches completely. I mean, we are done seeing the big deals we have seen in the past. I think the growth, as Bill has outlined, is coming off of mid to small companies. I mean, the reason for that is they are still in the situation of potential consolidation going on. But there's also the patent cliff for small molecules. Even that is almost over and we are seeing a new trend in Europe, for example, that companies, traditional companies, are starting generic businesses after a lot of that business has been moved to India. And this helps, of course, the pharma market in general. But your specific question about big pharma, I would say this is not yet completely there.
Fred A. Strohmeier: I think we are seeing, as I said before, we are seeing pharma, in general, the big pharma probably more restrained than the smaller ones. I think the product portfolio we have at the moment is really ideally suited at this point in time to enter this market. I think with the new introductions in the LC space and in the LC/MS space, I think we have made inroads in that and the driving force is increasing productivity. These are the reasons why customers even under tight pressure are deciding to move on to purchase instruments in these times. And I think particular in India, I think we're seeing an uptick. The growth in the market overall, we are seeing there the total market is probably at double-digit market growth at this point in time. And so yes, we are hoping that and are optimistic that the big pharma spending starts continuing towards the end of this year.
Fred A. Strohmeier: The rates, yes, I believe even so that the spending as I said before is relatively flat, I think that the batches [ph] is released and we are seeing continuous investments being made by the institutions and just one fact, in Europe, the European Parliament has just released a fund of about $5 billion for the next 10 years for bio-related research.
Fred A. Strohmeier: I think that's actually a good question. I think we are winning against our competitors at the moment, particularly the product is refilling [ph] just by the fact that our product is more universally usable, and it's more flexible in the application space. It can be deployed and I think that's the major difference between the product, which actually is also from a price perspective, very competitive, and I think those 2 factors are driving the growth in the total single quad market, but also particular against this instrument.
Fred A. Strohmeier: I would say it's driving also new instruments in the LC space, particular where these single quads are used in more routine applications, pharma clearly. This is one of the reasons why we are seeing small -- in the small pharma space, small company pharma space, we are seeing this growth rates.
Fred A. Strohmeier: I mean, it is -- yes, sorry, good question as well. I think it is very difficult to say how big the market is because there is no real commercial product at the market at the moment. At the moment, Agilent is providing services, development services, for products which are not yet on the market. And I think this is the value proposition at this point in time. However, once those products -- I mean, I'm talking about the pharmaceutical products, make it through the value chain, I think, then we can talk about markets that is why it is very difficult at the moment to assess that.
Fred A. Strohmeier: I mean just one anecdotal information, if you look to the development of new drugs at the moment, I think a big part of the drugs, and if you correlate that with the success of the drugs in the clinics, it's correlating with companion diagnostic, which is codeveloped basically with the drug itself. And I think this is the opportunity afterwards beyond the service business, as Bill just said.
Fred A. Strohmeier: I think you see a tremendous tick-up in our sales in Europe and this is mainly driven through the product categories I have been talking about. And it's across the market, so including Mike's markets as well. And we see the academia [ph] government for the reasons I have given before also picking up. And I believe it is the pharmaceutical industry which drives growth, even though we don't see the full potential yet, so I'm optimistic that this trend really continues.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, thanks, Brandon, for the question. So slightly better view, about 2% order growth in Q3. And I will again reemphasize, I think the long-term growth prospects in China remain strong. And we see some of these challenges we're seeing right now in the food market as just really, kind of a temporal kind of thing as they get their agencies organized, but a slightly better view on the order growth rate, but I'll also say that we finished the quarter very strong in China.
Michael R. McMullen: Yes, great question. Thanks for the opportunity to provide additional color. So let's maybe start with the Middle East. That part of the world continues to be a very strong growth region for us. They're investing in capacity in-country, moving -- trying to move higher end of the value chain of refined products. So that area is growing nicely for us. And in the U.S., I think the commentary is still relatively the same as last quarter, which was overall, the industry has probably never been healthier in the U.S. fueled by the low-cost of the fuel stocks from shale gas. And we're seeing plans by our major customers to add infrastructure, build capacity. That hasn't yet come online and translated into new business. So the business is still a steady grower, but I think as the profit pools continue to grow and invest, I think we could look toward a healthier investment environment for us down the road.
Michael R. McMullen: And Fred, this is Mike. If I can maybe just build on your comments and maybe add a geographic perspective. Within Europe, we often think of Europe as being Western Europe. But if you look to what we call the IDO, the Eastern Europe part of our business, it actually is growing quite strongly as well, so there's both a economic, geographic dimension sort of under the covers if you will in our European numbers.
