Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Bill, and hello, everyone. I'll start by providing some additional color on our second quarter results, and then comment on our outlook for the fiscal year and for Q3.  And as in prior calls, all of my comments will refer to non-GAAP figures. References to organic results are results without the impact of acquisitions and divestitures within the past year.  So starting with Q2 results. As Bill mentioned, we are very pleased with Agilent's second quarter results. Orders of $1.70 billion were up 27% from one year ago or 24% on a currency-adjusted basis. On an organic basis, orders increased 18% year-over-year, including 3% favorable currency impact. All 3 business segments generated double-digit organic order growth.  Organically, orders were up 26% in Asia Pacific or 22% in local currency, 7% in the Americas and 21% in Europe or 19% in local currency. Revenues of $1.68 billion were up 32% from one year ago or 29% in local currency. Organically, revenues were up 21%, including 3% favorable currency impact.  Organically, revenues in Asia Pacific were up 27% or 23% in local currency, while the Americas grew 12% and Europe, 22% or 19% in local currency. Now moving to the income statement. Second quarter non-GAAP operating profit of $324 million improved $123 million from one year ago on a $408 million increase in revenues, a 30% operating margin incremental. The year-over-year organic operating margin incremental exceeded our 30% to 40% commitment. Q2 operating margin of 19.3% was slightly above our last quarterly high of 19.1% reached in Q4 of last year and increased 3.5 percentage points year-over-year. Interest expense declined $3 million sequentially, as we recognized the full quarter benefit of the $1.5 billion World Trade debt retirement that occurred in Q1. Moving to taxes. We have reduced our non-GAAP tax rate down to 17%. Non-GAAP net income of $261 million or $0.74 per share compares to $152 million and $0.43 per share one year ago, an increase of 72% year-over-year. The tax rate reduction contributed $0.02 to Q2 EPS. Now turning to the cash flow and our net cash position. Total cash from operations were $378 million, an increase of $154 million from one year ago, even as inventories increased $54 million this quarter, in line with our revenue growth expectations. Our net cash position at the end of April was $885 million, up $331 million from a quarter ago. Finally, I'm pleased to report that Moody's and Fitch raised our credit ratings, while S&P revised our outlook from stable to positive. Now turning to the fiscal year 2011 outlook. Given our solid Q2 performance and reflecting Agilent's strong competitive position, we are raising our revenue guidance for the year. This raised revenue guidance reflects exchange rate as of the end of Q2. We now expect revenues for fiscal year '11 of $6.55 billion to $6.60 billion, which, at the midpoint of the range, represents 20% year-over-year revenue growth or 16% growth on an organic basis, EMG 19%, LSG 13% and CAG 11%.  Consistent with our 30% to 40% year-over-year incremental operating margin commitment, we are also raising our EPS guidance to $2.84 to $2.88 based on 356 million diluted shares. The tax rate reduction to 17% is contributing $0.04 to the higher guidance. At the midpoint of the guidance, fiscal year '11 EPS will grow by 43% year-over-year.  We are also raising our fiscal year '11 operating cash flow projections from $950 million to $1,050,000,000. Capital expenditures for the year are now projected to be approximately $200 million, a $50 million increase, largely due to planned capacity expansion and manufacturing rationalization. Net-net therefore, we are raising our free cash flow guidance from $800 million to $850 million.  Finally, moving to the third quarter guidance. We expect Q3 revenues of $1.64 billion to $1.66 billion and EPS of $0.71 to $0.73. At the midpoint of the range, year-over-year revenue growth will be 18% or 16% on an organic basis. The midpoint of our EPS guidance corresponds to year-over-year EPS growth of 33%.  One additional note with regards to Q3. With the exception of the first 2 weeks of May, Varian results will be incorporated into our organic business base. Comparisons going forward take into account the fact that as of May 15, we will have been operating one year as a combined company.  With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: Okay. And then regarding to your question on ROIC, Tony. As we deliver 30% to 40% incremental operating margin on about 8% revenue growth, mechanically, our operating profit -- operating margin would go up 1 percentage point every year and our ROIC 3 percentage points every year.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. Well, you can compute it. We've provided the guidance for the whole year of 19% organically for EM . So you can back to the second half easily.
Didier Hirsch: And regarding Asia-Pacific, this is Didier, Bill already noted the strong performance in Japan year-over-year, almost 20% organic year-over-year growth, and Japan now accounting for 12%. We also had exceptional performance in China. Again, close -- over 40% year-over-year organic growth in China. And that is not -- again, it's organic, without Varian.
Didier Hirsch: Well, we -- on November 1, we had integrated the core 2 cash processes, now we're working on integrating the back end side of it. So the manufacturing ERPs are progress very well. We'll do a first integration in one of our factories in June, and the integration will go on until the middle of next year. And then on the cost savings front, as Bill mentioned, we are working towards -- I mean, we are totally in line with our timeline. We said earlier that by the end of the fiscal year, we will -- on an annualized basis, we'll have achieved 50% of $100 million. We're working towards that goal. That would be 25% on the -- for the calendar year, but on a year-end basis, 50%. So we're making great progress.
Didier Hirsch: Varian on the -- was slight -- I mean let's say, breakeven on a fully accounted basis. It's getting more and more difficult, obviously, to track Varian's financials, because the tenet of our strategy is to integrate Varian, so once it's integrated, and we are not waiting, it's getting a little bit more difficult. But we think it's going to be -- it is about breakeven, but that's taking into account the fact that at the present time, they are paying for both -- some of the overall infrastructure -- Agilent infrastructure, plus remaining cost that they have. And obviously we've moved them to our Agilent terms and conditions, the employees, so -- but we think it's about breakeven.
Michael McMullen: Thanks, Bill. And thanks, Tony, for your question. So let me first talk about the implementation side of the Varian acquired portfolio, where we have a significant step up in R&D as we talked earlier at the March Analyst Meeting. And you're going to start to see yields from those investments in the coming quarters. You're going to see our first launch of UV-Vis product in Q3, and later on this year, in Q4, you'll see a launch in the atomic spectroscopy area. We're also making significant investments in our chemistry area, have completely rebranded the portfolio, and you should see some new columns -- a new chemistry product coming out in Q3 and Q4. So the message here, Tony, is the portfolio transformation is well underway. It's a multiyear effort, but you can see some initial signals of what it's going to look like in the coming quarters.
Michael McMullen: Nick, this is Mike. I'd just like to add a little commentary about the 1290. It also is driving a high adoption of our new LC columns, where we have a much higher attachment rate to the new product.
Michael McMullen: Jon, this is Mike. A similar view from myself in the Chem Analysis business. As we've mentioned before, it's solid growth. And in the mature geography, driven a lot by a replacement or a recovery of the economic situation, particularly in the U.S. The emerging market growth story we've talked to you about in the past. And then again, I can't emphasize enough the investments we've made even during the downturn in terms of making sure we have the most competitive portfolio. All those things are leading towards these above market organic growth rates you're seeing. But as Nick said, I would not see an acceleration of that growth rate in the coming quarters -- growth over what you've seen in Q2.
Michael McMullen: Yes, I think that the -- actually when you look at the, if you will, the catch-up from Q1, the primary areas where you saw it, actually, were in the Americas and Europe, which is where we saw the most of our business constraint in terms of Q1 shipment. So I'm not sure what numbers you're pointing to, but the growth rate in the Americas on the Chemical Analysis side, I think, Nick can probably have a similar situation, it was double digits. So we saw both double-digit growth in the Americas and Europe. So that's consistent with the view I've just made around the Varian portfolio.
Michael McMullen: Yes, great -- thanks, Richard, for the question. And the business was up in environmental. And it's really again an emerging market story, particularly led by China. So I would also say that we're seeing return to growth in some of our more mature geographies, as there seems to be more interest in actually enforcing regulations that are on the books, as well as some new research going on in certain aspects of environmental contaminants in the environment. So again, very solid growth in environmental led by the emerging markets, specifically, China.
Michael McMullen: Yes, Bill. Yes, sure. Let me comment on the Chemical side, and then pass it over to Nick. The plan coming into next year was we see this as, obviously, a more mature geography overall in terms of market growth rates. There are places of investments, there are places of growth, particularly with the new portfolio that we have coming into FY '11. I think we're looking at flat or low single-digit type growth rates. Now the currency has an impact here, but moderate growth at best right now in Japan in the total macro standpoint although we believe that our business will be stronger.
Michael McMullen: Yes, that's a great question. It's very clear, the overall health of that industry segment. So our customers are going through replacement cycles that they deferred in the 2009 frame and returning to kind of a normal replenishment cycle. So a little bit of a catch-up, but that replacement cycle is going to be continuing to occur. But also, we have to keep in mind that plant expansions actually happen in Asia, in places like China, India. So more capacity is also coming online in the Asian markets. And then finally, a lot of energy around research in new alternative energy sources. So we're getting kind of a threefold effect here that is driving that really strong growth in this segment that we reported today.
Michael McMullen: I think it's very much along the same lines as Ron described, the conversion to 4G; it's maybe not a decade, but it's years. And we should also have this image that the replacement cycle is not something that just happens and goes away. That will be -- continue to be a core part of our growth. You'll see some cyclicality here and there, depending on the economic cycles, but the interest in new alternative energies, replacement. And you can argue at some point in time, you won't need as much new capacity coming online. But this is going to be with us for a while.
Nicolas Roelofs: This is Nick. I will go ahead and add the comments about the portion of Varian portfolio for LSG. Primarily, this is an NMR comment. And really, as you said before, this is a long cycle. So like Mike's comments, we are well underway with that investment transformation. We're actually shipping the first console for NMR that represents some electronics group technology in our portfolio, and that started last quarter. But the real refresh on these products is a 2 to 2 1/2 year cycle. So you'll be getting to see those in year 3 as a real restatement. So we got about another 18 months to go before we get the real platform refresh wholly done.
Nicolas Roelofs: Yes. I want to make 2 comments. First, you pointed specifically at the 1260 -- I'm sorry, 1290. We're seeing this disseminate across all the markets. So we're seeing a real technology upgrade. We are seeing large numbers at customers who do have big sites, so we're seeing wholesale site upgrades in many cases. And part of that is the backward compatibility. We're seeing strength in the applied markets as well for the 1290. So it really is a pretty broad, across the market and whole sites are doing conversion, as they replace old instruments and/or upgrade to this technology. The last comment I want to make is I want to point to the 1260. We launched a bio-inert 1260 instrument last quarter. This is part of our family of 1200 series, and that instrument is taking off. So we started shipping that instrument in March. And that's contributing pretty strongly to our LC number, and LC portfolio as well.
Nicolas Roelofs: Yes, this is Nick. Well, yes, I think, given the strength of the Mass Spec portfolio, I'm not sure either one's pulling the other. Both of those portfolios are seeing double-digit growth, where the first digit's a 2. And so I think, we're seeing strength in both portfolios. We've got some exciting new Mass Spec products coming out in a couple weeks that we're going to talk about at ASMS. So we're very pleased with LC and the new range that we continue to launch, and we're very pleased with our Mass Spec portfolio.
Nicolas Roelofs: Yes. I mean, I'm pretty pleased with the momentum, so I'm not sure it's going to get faster. We've had some really good numbers. It's been some good quarters. Right now, if anything, we see the same sort of trajectory going forward, not necessarily acceleration. And obviously, we would like our book-to-bill to come closer to 1. So it's been a positive, but not what we'd like in terms of operating. So we're putting a lot of capacity and energy into raising capacity, so we can get that book-to-bill back towards 1.
Nicolas Roelofs: Correct, Mike. We were double digit in year-over-year and sequential was close to double digit for Americas
Nicolas Roelofs: Yes. It's pretty simple. We're really putting investment in NMR at several levels. One is supply chain, we're moving that around, so that we can get better leverage. Second is manufacturing. We're also moving that. And we've started a big move into Malaysia to manufacturing. And then third is the R&D. I mean, we're spending a lot. A big chunk of that delta that Bill talked about a moment ago is going into NMR. So we're going to get a lot of improvement as those things start resulting in payback and we're already seeing some traction. But that's really the delta. I can tell you that the rest of the product portfolio continues to move positively on gross margin, so all we need to do is get the NMR group moving. And really, it's committed to the incrementals. I believe that group's going to start producing its own stand-alone incrementals, not that we're necessarily going to report them that way that are consistent with our portfolio incrementals.
Nicolas Roelofs: Okay. For Life Science, I mean, there still continues to be some government investment and a little bit of growth there. So Life Science market's probably low- to mid-single-digit in local currency in Japan. And we're doing better than that. But that's kind of where we see it.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. As was mentioned earlier, communications growth was 26% year-over-year, and we continue to see a very strong business. Certain sectors and certain areas that are very communications-dependent grew even faster. For instance, our China order growth was over 60%, which was very, very strong. We continue to see the wireless ecosystem to be strong across-the-board. And as Bill mentioned, in 4G or the LTE, infrastructure is being put in place, so we're seeing strong base station business. On the handset side, that follows it typically by a couple of years, but we're continuing to see very strong smartphone growth in 3G. So things look pretty solid across the board, and we saw a very strong manufacturing growth and are continuing growth in the R&D sector.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. Well, first of all, I would comment that in the past, we have built a lot of backlog per quarter, and now we've almost caught up to the current level. We had $844 million in orders and $834 million in revenue. But we, as Bill had mentioned, we are ramping capacity pretty much throughout the whole manufacturing process in our supply chain. The compares do get tougher as we go forward. There is no doubt about it. But we continue to see very strong operating margin and operating performance. As Bill had mentioned, 23% operating margin for EMG was the highest operating margin in a decade, only outdone by one quarter in the dot-com boom, when it was also 23%. And our gross margin was at an all-time high in the history of Agilent at 59.5%, and I'm talking organic. The incrementals that you're seeing delivered from the business right now, for instance, this last quarter at 54% are something that are, obviously, above what we had planned. And I think we'll start to see things come back with a little bit more difficult compares in the future, but the business continues to be very healthy.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. I won't comment on competitors' growth. I will tell you what our growth is, and then you could calculate that very easily. But if we look at our core products, which we consider oscilloscopes, network analyzers, spectrum analyzers and signal sources, we had over 30% growth in that area. In the oscilloscope area, our revenue growth was over 60%. So that looked very strong. And I think, when you do your compares, you'll be pretty impressed with that number. The nice thing, also, was, as you look at our Oscilloscope business, it wasn't just the high-end performance products that we introduced about a year ago. It wasn't just the high-volume products that we introduced in the last quarter. We saw strong growth across all 3 of our segments: the high-performance, the high-volume growth, the high-volume area and also our sampling scope area. All of them were above 25% growth in each of those segments. So our products look strong. And when I look at the compares versus the industry, we're very pleased with where we are. We do have some excellent competitors that are very tough. But we will continue to drive hard to continue to increase our share.
Ronald Nersesian: The PXI modular development is a long term plan for us. We continue to be very focused on it. And we have more products in -- more products and solutions in development, as well as products that are out. We're done a good job building our channel, as well as building our portfolio. But that is not an instantaneous short-term spike. That is something that will allow us to give customers the form factor that they like, whether they would like an all-in-one box, one-box solution, or whether they'd like a modular solution. We intend to be the strongest player and the leader in both of those segments.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. Well, we've -- Mark, we've been very, very careful to make sure that we don't make some mistakes that were done in the dot-com boom, that went on where there was very, very much hiring, and we could not deliver in the immediate years when the market crashed. We've been very careful not to build fixed infrastructure. In manufacturing, we will scale up, but we also worked -- we work with contract manufacturers, and we're very, very careful on how we ramp our production working with our 2 main CMs in order to deliver the revenue on the upside but to not build a lot of cost infrastructure. The same thing is true with our channel. As we look at our channel, we focus our direct sales channel on our major accounts that bring in approximately 75% to 80% of the business. And we are selectively making incremental investments, whether you look at emerging markets or whether you look at just strong growth in more established areas. But predominantly, the way we're capturing that growth is by increasing our business through third parties or alternate channels. And that is a plan that we intend to stay with for a very, very long period of time. And their alternate channels continue to grow and take up a more significant portion of the overall balance. So I feel very, very good about that. And circling back to the last question, we delivered a 54% incremental this last quarter, but we are 100% committed to deliver at least the 40% incremental that is in our business model.
Ronald Nersesian: I could make a couple of comments with regards to EMG. Just 2: one, the wireless infrastructure market continues to be very strong, as we see smartphone growth, so we've seen our U.S. players be strong. But the big factor is aerospace/defense. And obviously, that had been clogged for a while without there being a budget, and now that it’s passed, we are finally starting to see something break loose. But again, it is a muted aerospace/ defense market. So overall, those are the 2 factors that really affect the Americas for EMG.
Ronald Nersesian: No, I think that's it. I would just say that it's a long-term cycle. If you look at 3G, it was a decade-long. And I think 4G is going to be the same thing in R&D. Now we're seeing the base station business really ramp, and we will see the handset business ramp also after that. So no change from what we talked about before.
Ronald Nersesian: Roughly in line again, but it is a little lumpy depending on deals and your wins, because if you look at the number of players out there, it's -- there are not hundreds and hundreds of them, although there are, when you look at individual chips. But if you look at some of the large players, when you win some deals, you've got to do some dramatic or significant capacity expansion, which is exactly what we're doing due to some great wins.
Ronald Nersesian: I think Bill hit the nail right on the head. Our backlog is very solid. And we believe that it's high-quality backlog. Our cancellation rate is relatively low. So we feel very comfortable with what we have so far, and we haven't seen any of the double or triple bookings of any magnitude at all.
Ronald Nersesian: That is. We definitely would like to be able to bring our delivery times down on certain products, and other products, it's right where we would expect it to be, to have the right balance between invested capital and delivery times. There are a couple of areas where we'd like to be able to ship a little bit faster. But our orders keep surprising us for the good. And we will ramp this capacity -- the capacity expansion and the investment that Bill talked about is a very important part of our business, mostly on the back end, buying Agilent test gear for final test. But also, we have a spectacular fab on the front end of the process for gallium arsenide and indium phosphide, where we have a tremendous team there that produces world-class products.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes. We're seeing it pretty much across the board. The way I would say it, the wireless ecosystem across-the-board is very strong. The semiconductor business is moderating a bit where you just see the pure semiconductor business. But as it drives into smartphones and handsets and a lot of the manufacturing there in general, we've seen a very strong performance. The last comment I would make is we're in the first year of China's 12th 5-year plan, which is typically a slow year. So we don't see growth this year like we would see in the fifth year of a 5-year plan that we saw last year. But still, despite that, we've seen some very strong order growth. As I mentioned in this last quarter, over 60%. So we're still feeling very, very strong about not only the results in China, but our competitive position in China.
William Sullivan: There'll be no change to the model that Didier shared in the last Analyst Meeting. Ron's business is targeted to deliver the 40% incremental at the 6% growth rate. And again, the capital investment will have a very minimal effect on the cost of sales.
William Sullivan: Ron, why don't you talk a little bit our manufacturing which is predominantly in Malaysia? Secondly, the continued success of our alternate channel that has taken less pressure on our -- off of our direct channel.
William Sullivan: We continue to manage headcount in the company very, very tightly. We are not going to repeat the mistakes that we have made in the past, in the last decade, to allow our headcount to drift up and then putting a lot of margin pressure, when in fact, business slows down. So again, very, very tight headcount control.
William Sullivan: Well, as I've been very clear, we would love to expand our service business, and particularly, our consumers -- Consumables business. The company is still 75% hardware, 25% consumables and services. We continue to look for acquisitions to try to enhance that; and again, acquisitions that we can get very strong returns. Secondly, as Mike alluded to, we continue to invest organically in that area. And on Nick's side, which is really on the reagent side, and genomics side, the continued success of SureSelect as an example, a sample prep for next-gen sequencing continues to be very, very successful. But again, love to see that mix change, and we're continuing to focus in that area.
William Sullivan: Well, my appetite is strong, the problem is, is the valuations are through the roof. And as I've been very, very clear, we will not make an acquisition that we do not have high confidence of returning in a reasonable amount of time the cost of capital to our shareholders. So the answer is yes, we're excited. Obviously, our financial situation is very, very strong. On the other hand, we will not pursue something that we don't have confidence that we can return economic value.
William Sullivan: Nothing's changed from what we have said to date. As I had said during the analyst call that unless we find an acquisition that we can determine that we can get economic value, our cash is going to increase. Based on Didier's remarks, our cash is increasing faster than we had expected. So I know, for sure, that we're going to get more questions about our capital deployment, but we have not fundamentally made any decision now. Number one focus is to look at strategic acquisitions; secondly, and our history I think would support us, working with the approval of the Board of Directors, we will return excess cash to our shareholders either through a stock repurchase or a dividend. We will continue, of course, our anti-dilutive stock repurchase -- purchasing.
William Sullivan: Yes, yes. I don't know, Didier, if you can -- I can't -- the first part of your question, I don't have that data in front of me.
William Sullivan: Again, as Ron said, aerospace and defense is a large part of our business, obviously dominated in the U.S.
William Sullivan: Yes. The thing is, in terms of looking at the Varian integration, and I know it's frustrating for you guys, but the way we integrate is so different than other companies. So first of all, we bring in 3,500 employees. They're on our variable pay. Well, the variable pay process is roughly targeted at 10%. The corporate savings, which immediately was there, the $35 million of corporate savings goes into the corporate pool that gets reallocated across the company. So to try to back-calculate exactly where Varian is today, as if all these savings go exactly back in the product line is next to impossible, the way we are doing our integration. And what you're going to see going forward is for both Mike and Nick, need to continue to drive their gross margins up, because the bulk of the savings, the $65 million, is all in manufacturing.
William Sullivan: Yes, exactly as you move forward. Because, Mike, just for example, it's Chemical Analysis, its gross margin's 50%, used to run at 55%. Mike and I will debate how quickly we'll get back to 55%. That's exactly where you're going to start seeing the differentiation. Correspondingly, you can see the few points impact from NMR on Nick’s business, and both these guys are absolutely focused to get back to our historical gross margin.
William Sullivan: Supply chain outbound, as we almost grew 20%, our customers were able to take products. And one anecdote that I'll share with you is that we had the March order flash before the earthquake and tsunami. And it's quite interesting, electronic Measurement group actually got higher orders than that forecast and the Chemical Analysis and Life Science just barely missed it. So on the outbound, things are looking okay. Not to say there's not issues below the surface, but in a macro sense, we're in good shape. In terms of our suppliers shipping to us, we have to date mitigated any impact to our capacity. There are issues, but as it stands today, we don't see any major disruption from any -- from a supply-side into our factories.
William Sullivan: Yes, in terms of the manufacturing, across the board that we're going to put on capacity online, so that the company can shift $7 billion revenue per year effective Q1 of '12. And so given our momentum, given that we have to burn off our backlog, we need to get that capacity online. I don't know quite sure whether the mix is of the $50 million, but I know it's biased to EMG. Because not only is there putting investment in the back end of the process, but we're expanding our fab. We have a gallium arsenide, indium phosphide fab in Santa Rosa, California that really makes all of our high-performance devices. And Ron has been making investments there to add on capacity moving forward. The bulk of our capacity expansion is actually buying and capitalizing our own test equipment that is used for the final test. In addition to that, we have been making investments in upgrading some of the buildings and consolidating sites that we obtained through the Varian acquisition.
William Sullivan: Yes, just I'll make some general comments, and then Ron can make some comments about our availability. We are very conservative, as you know, in terms of booking. We typically book no later than 6 months’ delivery time moving forward. Our growth rate in the last 4 quarters is the highest in the industry. And I think that the team, as Ron had noted, this quarter is the first quarter at least the orders and revenues were close, again we still built backlog. But I don't believe there's any double ordering of any magnitude. As Ron, I believe, your availabilities have actually continued to come in, even while we continue to outpace the market.
