William Sullivan: Thanks, Alicia, and the hello, everyone. Agilent's Q1 orders of $1.63 billion were up 33% year-over-year, while revenues of $1.52 billion were up 25% from a year ago. Without the impact of the Varian acquisition and recent divestitures, orders and revenues were up 22% and 19%, respectively. Overall, financial results were excellent. Non-GAAP EPS is $0.60, exceeded expectations and straight consensus. Agilent continues to demonstrate the strength of its product portfolio, as all key platforms grew revenue by double digits for the third consecutive quarter. All regions posted double-digit organic revenue growth. Our Electronic Measurement business posted its second consecutive quarter with a 20% operating margin. Q1 revenue of $771 million reflects 23% year-over-year growth. Excluding the Network Solutions divestitures, orders and revenues both grew 31% organically. We saw continued strength and momentum across markets and regions. Aerospace and defense revenues grew 11% organically from a year ago. Communications markets were up 45% year-over-year, driven by our industry-leading position in the LTE and 3G test solutions. Industrial semiconductor computer markets grew 31% organically, led by our oscilloscope business. Our scope revenue is up 70% year-over-year. Tomorrow, we're introducing a new family of value oscilloscopes, which have the best price performance in the industry. These 26 new models of 70 to 500 megahertz scopes represents the largest ever oscilloscope introduction. In our Bio-Analytical Measurement business, we saw a gap between orders and revenues in our Q1 results. During the quarter, we started the process of transforming Varian's quote-to-cash process to the Agilent system. As a result of issues related to end of month pipeline logistics, revenue for Varian-based products came in at $30 million below expectations for the quarter. Life science and chemical analysis were both impacted by the revenue shortage. Life Science business revenues were up 19% to $404 million, up 7% organically. Orders grew 11% organically. Operating margin, including Varian, was 12%. We saw strong growth in Academic and Government, with 12% organic growth driven by year end budget spending. Pharma and Biotech was up 6%. Life science platform performance were strong, particularly in LCs and Mass Spec. We're seeing acceleration in instrument replacement cycle. We also strong demand for our genomics, open lab informatics, automation, NMR and MRI products. The Chemical Analysis business saw revenue growth of 43% to $349 million, up 8% organically. Orders grew 16% organically. Operating margin, including Varian, was 19%. All market segments demonstrated solid organic growth, led by petrochemical, up 12% year-over-year. Momentum in the U.S. is being driven by replacement business from recovering industrial markets, as well as by food safety and alternative energy programs. From a product perspective, we saw double-digit revenue growth in GC and GC/MS. Moving on to Agilent, our backlog increased by $100 million during the quarter, the seventh consecutive quarterly increase in our backlog. Our number one priority is to increase manufacturing capacity in Q2 and throughout the rest of the year. For the second quarter of 2011, we expect revenues in the range of $1.59 billion to $1.61 billion. Non-GAAP earnings are expected to be in the range of $0.63 to $0.65 per share. We are raising our overall guidance for 2011. For the full fiscal year, we expect revenues in the range of $6.3 billion to $6.4 billion, with earnings per share in the range of $2.53 to $2.63. Thank you for being on the call. Now I'll turn it over to Didier.
William Sullivan: Again, well, it was not supply chain related in a classical sense. It was related to the logistics of the conversion to the Agilent quote-to-cash process. We had $30 million of shipments that essentially revenue was not recognized. $20 million of that was in Chemical Analysis. $10 million of that was in our Life Science business.
William Sullivan: And during our analyst call in March, I think you'll be pleased that Ron and the team have dug up 10 years of data for final cell phone testing. And so we're going to show you that on March 3, and it will be quite interesting to see, at least from our viewpoint just what one segment of the overall market is, again, the handset final test.
William Sullivan: Our gross margins will in fact increase, and I will just assume that it will be somewhere between our Q1 actual and our Q4 of '10. And as you may recall, the gross margins of our Varian products tend to run lower than the Agilent product line, and of course, we're in the process of fixing that discrepancy.
William Sullivan: It's just a delay, Jon. We just basically run out of time. Our processes are quite a bit different than Varian. Again, the team did, I think, just a superb job of converting to our quote-to-cash that our customers now see us as one company. But quite frankly, we just ran out of time, and the $30 million was trapped either shipped to non-invoiced or trapped in our logistics centers and not fully shipped or recognized by the customer. So you just expect that will obviously flow throughout and hopefully it's already flown out or have transferred out as we speak moving forward. But clearly, our expectations for the quarter were below by that $30 million. Unfortunately, we had a higher, more favorable mix of the older Agilent product and very well controlled spending, which resulted in solid bottom line performance.
William Sullivan: I think I'm going to have each of the presidents talk in terms of their view. But there is no evidence whatsoever of a fundamental slowdown in capital purchases in any of our nine major market segments. Obviously, some concern long term in aerospace and defense, and everyone continues to look at the semiconductor market, but of course, that can be offset in a lot of the other spaces. So I'm going to start off with Ron and Mike and Nick just to talk a little bit about their end markets and why today we think that 2011 has continued to be a strong year.
William Sullivan: I think, again, Mike can give some color commentary. The acquisition we made is I think very key for Mike's business in Chemical Analysis. It's not material from the company in the sense that it's going to have a major impact on revenue growth or earnings. We continue to actively look at acquisition opportunities in the marketplace. We continue to be very, very disciplined on looking at these opportunities to ensure that we can return high-quality earnings and return On invested capital to our owners. So again, as you said, we're in a net cash position. The integration is going well. This $30 million glitch in the quarter, I think, is not material whatsoever. So we will continue to look for opportunities. But we will continue to be very, very disciplined in our evaluation of these opportunities.
William Sullivan: As mike said, I mean, the orders in Varian in the quarter, the $190 million, I mean, we're really getting some real momentum, as Mike alluded to on the Varian product families. And that's always the big issues on acquisitions is the short-term distractions. We're very, very pleased from my perspective on the progress that's being made in both the CAG sales forces, as well as the LSG sales force.
William Sullivan: If you in fact look at our order intake, we feel that we are more than holding our own. From a revenue perspective, we will not compare as favorably, but from an order perspective, we're gathering momentum, and we will quickly catch up.
William Sullivan: Yes. Most of our products are sold directly to the handset providers and the component manufacturers. So whether you look at people that are making components or people that are putting together reference design kits or you're looking at people that actually build the handsets or the base stations, that's where our products gets sold. And the Mobile World Congress started this week and we have a whole series of introductions, including leading not only in LTE but in LTE-Advanced, which is the next generation of LTE. We're already introducing products and tools that are the first in the world for this new LTE-Advanced standard. And again, that's just in the early phases of R&D at this point, but we have broad products across the spectrum.
William Sullivan: The compare is really in Electronic Measurement business. They're the ones that dropped by $1 billion. And then you have to subtract the NSD, our network divestiture business, and we are faster, if not, approaching the 2008 level. In the Chemical Analysis business, our business only dropped 10% in 2009. And so organically, we are going to easily surpass that. And on the Life Science business, our decline was only in the 1% or 2% range. So our analytical business was not impacted very much during the 2009 downturn, and of course, Electronic Measurement business is coming back dramatically from that downturn just dramatically. In addition to that, and again, to put a plug into Ron and the team, we took the opportunity to do fundamentally reset the operating margin in the business, and that's the reason why Ron's business is exceeding 20% operating margins per quarter.
William Sullivan: Yes, it's a great question, and one that's quite hard for us to answer. Quite honestly, after Q2, you'll never hear Varian again because the year will be up, and everything will be organic growth. The situation we have is first of all, we had to divest 10% of the company based on EU and Federal Trade Commission requirements. So we've got that aside. Secondly, we've gone through a process of rationalizing their product lines, and the ones that were overlapped with Agilent of course, we've already absorbed into the Agilent products. The third part of that is that we have again focused on key platforms and the process of transforming them. So if you look at the overall order rate of $190 million last quarter, we are fast approaching the $800 million. So if you take the $800 million, take out 10% from your reference point and say we basically had to divest that, we still have a little bit ways to go to catch up to the 2008 level with the Varian core products. Quite honestly, what gets lost in the noise is that we're also rationalizing that portfolio, and we will drive the old Varian product lines to our operating model. We will not sustain product lines that we can't get to 20% operating profit. So I would ask that question again at the end of 2011, but I am highly confident that when we are down, we will have a minimum of $800 million to $900 million of revenue that will be at the Agilent operating model.
William Sullivan: Well, most almost all the increase was in the Chemical Analysis and Life Science. Ron's business at EMG had still greater than one book-to-bill.
William Sullivan: Historically, this has been a segment of the market where we have not spent a lot of attention. Again, this is for decades, and decades where we have focused on the high end as Ron talked, as well as the sampling scope. And so this 26 families goes right at the heart of the segment of the market that we had historically ignored. And so we're very, very excited.
William Sullivan: Personally, from my perspective, Q4, the end of our fiscal year is always the highest order rate in the year, and needless to say tied to and if your commissions. I was very pleased on the Q1 order rate, and essentially, only being down a few percent from our Q4 rate. So my personal interpretation is good news.
William Sullivan: I'll have Ron make some comments about where it is. The big issue that we have, we actually as a company as to continue to expand our manufacturing capacity, lead times for Ron are the longest in the company. One should look at it that the investments that were made in place is that Agilent will have an online capacity in Q1 of 2012 of $7 billion. And that is the big challenge is to get -- continue to get our capacity up so that we can in fact drive forward. As Didier said, we are absolutely committed to continue to drive our incremental, and Ron has the highest hurdle. So I will have him talk about his hurdle rate, and therefore, the corresponding margin he will drive as he increases his capacity.
William Sullivan: One key driver, clearly, from a customer demand standpoint, this new bus standards, the new serial bus standards that are being used inside the computer and to actually go ahead and move outside the computer are things that need to be tested and are being tested with our oscilloscopes. On top of that, last year, we introduced the world's highest performance, realtime analog bandwidth oscilloscopes with our G-Rex family of products. And although there have been some announcements that have been made since then, we still have the absolute highest signal integrity or the highest quality products on the market. And that's why the demand is far greater than the supply we can produce at this point. So we're seeing explosive growth due to the take-up of our brand-new products, especially at the high end. And now, as we look at the lower end range, and introducing those 26 new models today in Asia and tomorrow in the Americas and Europe, you will see I think the low end continue to accelerate, and that's why I believe we will continue to take market share from the competition. And our market share we believe right now is the highest level it's ever been in the company for oscilloscopes.
William Sullivan: We have very strict booking rules. We don't book anything over six months outside of long-term service orders. And so again, very, very strict and that's why it's so imperative for us to continue to drive our revenue upward, and that's why we have readjust our guidance for the year.
William Sullivan: Sure. The optical part of our business is a much, much smaller part of our overall business than it was back at that period of time. It is doing - we are seeing very nice growth. The sampling scope subsegment, which is achieving over 90% growth rate now is seeing some rebound. But again, it's a small portion of the overall total of the Agilent business. That, and a couple of product other product categories. So we are experiencing some benefit from it, but it's not a large portion of our results.
William Sullivan: In terms of the acquisition area, we've been very, very clear. Our number one focus is in Life Science Analytical business. If there's an opportunity in Ron's space, Electronic Measurement, that we can make, that we can clear the regulatory environment, we would seriously consider that. But we have not deviated from our overall strategy to continue to invest in the analytical space led by Life Science.
William Sullivan: As Didier said in his prepared comments that we come out with some tough compares, and that we're looking at EMG for 2011 on a 12% organic growth rate as it turns out to what the market growth rate is going to be. And I think during the March analyst call, we'll have a lot of discussion about that. We have a big debate about how strong the overall macroeconomy is going to be. I think 2011 will continue to be strong, and that will carry over into 2012, is my own personal opinion. But the organic growth rates, fundamentally, are going to have to come back to some percentage points away from the overall market growth. The message I think Ron has articulated very, very well that we are in a very, very strong competitive position.
William Sullivan: Absolutely. And again, you got to be careful. I'm talking about service and support different than our consumer business. As our revenue business grows, our ability to sell extended warranties -- there's a warranty period, right, for the year. But one would expect the service and support business to continue to grow. It's really quite a large part of our business overall. The teams in each of the groups have done a superb job of improving our performance. We are highly competitive, have great customer satisfaction scores, which you're absolutely right, our service and support will trend upward with the increased sale of our instruments.
William Sullivan: Yes, but it won't be at the rate of the instrument box, because essentially depending on what the warranties going to be, you get that, you might get some extended warranty upfront, which will have an impact. But the delay, that's a little bit longer than 1:1 of what the order growth are coming in.
William Sullivan: All of Asia organic revenue growth was 21% for the company. So that's without any of Varian. It was 30% with Varian in Asia.
William Sullivan: First, I don't know the answer. Your can send an e-mail to Alicia, she can figure that out. But first, I would just split it by our existing mix.
Didier Hirsch: Thank you, Bill, and hello, everyone. I will start by providing some additional color on our first quarter results, and then comment on our outlook for the fiscal year and for Q2. As in prior calls, all my comments will refer to non-GAAP figures. So starting with Q1 results. As Bill mentioned, Agilent is off to a very strong start to the year, with an excellent first quarter performance. Orders of $1.63 billion, up 33% from one year ago, both in dollars and local currency. On an organic basis, orders increased 22% year-over-year, and all three business segments generated double-digit order growth. Organically, orders grew 18% in the Americas, 11% in Europe or 17% in local currency and 33% in Asia Pacific or 29% in local currency. Orders for the ex-Varian products and services were close to $190 million, reflecting planned revenue synergies. Revenues of $1.52 billion were up 26% year-over-year both in dollars and local currency or 19% on an organic basis. By region, revenues grew organically 24% in the Americas or 23% in local currency, 11% in Europe or 16% in local currency, and 21% in Asia Pacific or 17% in local currency. Organic revenue growth percentages in China and India were in the high-20s. As Bill mentioned, revenues for the ex-Varian products and services, $134 million, were $30 million short of our expectations. Moving to the income statement, first quarter non-GAAP operating profit of $270 million improved $89 million from one year ago on the $311 million increase in revenues, a 29% operating margin incremental. Excluding Varian, our operating margin incremental was in line with our 30% to 40% commitment. As guided, operating margins of 17.7% were slightly down sequentially due to the December salary increase, front loading of stock-based compensation and the increase in payroll taxes due to the disbursement of the second half fiscal year '10 variable and incentive pay. Delayed hiring and spending offset the negative impact of lower-than-expected revenues. Interest expense was down $4 million sequentially, as we paid back the $1.5 billion World Trade debt in December, two months before it matured. Moving to taxes, we have adjusted our non-GAAP tax rate down to 18%, mostly to reflect the extension of the R&D tax credit. Non-GAAP net income of $212 million or $0.60 per share compares to a $135 million or $0.38 per share one year ago, an increase of 58% year-over-year. Turning to the cash flow and our net cash position. Total cash from operations during the seasonally low first quarter was $120 million, an increase of $90 million from one year ago. This was achieved even as inventories were up $81 million in response to expected revenue growth and the Q1 revenue shortfall. During the quarter, we received $136 million from employee stock programs and repurchased $270 million worth of shares. We will continue the present buyback program intended to keep the basic outstanding share count at roughly $346 million shares. With regards to net cash, we finished the quarter with net cash of $554 million. Now turning to the fiscal year 2011 outlook. We are raising our revenue guidance to reflect Agilent's strong competitive position in all of our core product line and across all regions. We now expect revenues for fiscal year '11 of $6.3 billion to $6.4 billion, which at the midpoint of the range represent a 16% year-over-year revenue growth or 12% on an organic basis. EMG, 14%; LSG, 10%; and CAG, 9%. Consistent with our 30% to 40% year-over-year incremental reporting margin commitment, we're also raising our EPS guidance to $2.53 to $2.63 based on 356 million diluted shares. This higher guidance represents a 29% year-over-year EPS growth at the midpoint of the guidance. There's no chance to increase commitment to generate $100 million of net Varian cost synergies within three to four years, with roughly 50% of the savings flowing by the fiscal year '11. Finally, moving to the second quarter guidance. We expect Q2 revenues of $1.59 billion to $1.61 billion and EPS of $0.63 to $0.65. At the midpoint, year-over-year revenue growth will be 26% or 15% on an organic basis. The midpoint of our EPS guidance corresponds to year-over-year EPS growth of 49%. With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: Sure. So I provided the detail by segment for the midpoint of our guidance. So the midpoint of our guidance is $6.35 billion. And on an organic basis, organically, that corresponds to EMG growing 14% organically, LSG growing 10% organically, and CAG growing 9% organically.
Didier Hirsch: Yes. I mean, as you know, we're not providing guidance by fall of the different lines of the P&L, just the top one and the bottom one EPS. But we are projecting midrange of the guidance our EPS to grow $0.60 in Q1 to $0.64 in Q2. Obviously, with the help of the healthy revenue growth as per our guidance, the other thing that you will see is that on one hand, we had one-time items in Q1 that will not impact Q2. On the other hand, in Q2, you will see an increase in general in cost and expenses every single year it's a normal seasonality factor during Q1. Expenses tend to be fairly minimal because of the significant break. And in Q2, they start going up. So you have those two factors also in Q1. We had two months of salary increase, and in Q2, we'll obviously three months salary increase effective December 1. So you have all those factors. But altogether, along with the increase in revenue, the result in EPS going up $0.04 at midpoint of our guidance.
Didier Hirsch: Do you want me to give you the number? So about $26 million for Electronic Measurement segment, about $40 million for Chemical Analysis and about $40 million for Life Science.
Didier Hirsch: The one thing I can say is the bio-analytical measurement businesses, where their year-over-year incremental on an organic basis was totally in line with the 30% to 40% incremental. So Varian did have an impact under -- like when Varian revenue was $170 million, we had an operating margin for Varian of about 6%. So you can imagine of the $135 million, you're much closer to the break even point that had an impact obviously LS and CA. But without Varian, the year-over-year operating margin would have been totally in line with their commitment.
Didier Hirsch: The only exception to the rule is regarding the research products in the NMR where there are longer lead times between order to shipments, and that's a new business for us. But all the way, the rule is three to six months maximum, so the backlog covers six months of shipments.
Didier Hirsch: Yes, so 18% for fiscal year '11. Last time, we talked about 19%, and we came down 1% mostly on account of the extension of the R&D tax credit in the U.S.
Didier Hirsch: 2012, we will have potentially two factors to take into account: Number one is one percentage point reduction on account of the Varian integration being completed, and our ability to bring Varian tax rate down to the Agilent level. On the other hand, we cannot predict if the R&D tax credit will be extended another year. So if it is extended, then we'll come down from 18% to 17%. If it does not extend, we'll stay at 18%.
Didier Hirsch: So interest expense, I think, I would assume $17 million per quarter of interest expense, net interest expense, offset by $3 million of rental income. So net-net, other income and expense of $14 million negative.
Ronald Nersesian: Will, this is Ron. There are 17 different product lines that we have participate in the LTE ecosystem and the ecosystem for 3G. So sometimes as brought out there that there's one product or two that makes all the difference. But it's a broad spectrum of products that we have from design simulation software to semiconductor parametric testers to test the chips, to component testers to test the components, the signals sources, signal analyzers, design validation scopes, digital RF analyzers, one-box testers, pre-conformance systems, power supplies, calibration testers, verification testers. So the list goes on, but the reason why I've been this up is we have a very broad portfolio. And as Bill have mentioned, we grew 45% in our communications business. And our position is number one in 2G, 3G and in 4G wireless.
Ronald Nersesian: If we look at orders, orders in Asia Pacific were even strong in EMG with 49% order growth, and that was really driven by the wireless ecosystem, the wins that we're starting to have for LTE, as well as for the Smartphones rollout that was in 3G. China was extremely strong, and we continue to build very, very strong momentum there.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes. So first of all, we have three different segments in oscilloscope. High-performance realtime scopes, sampling scopes and value scopes. Our high-performance scopes will begin to produce brand-new products last year and our sampling scopes are growing very, very rapidly over at 90% growth. This product is aimed in our high-value oscilloscope line. We will be able to maintain the gross margin. We spent a lot of time developing very cost effective solutions with custom ASICS and custom A-to-D converters in adjuvant labs and the technology center. And it also brings new things to the market they'd never seen. For instance, these is four instruments built in one. A traditional oscilloscope, logic analyzer features, function generator features and protocol analyzer features. And so we believe we'll be able to maintain the margins and take our growth rate from about 80% in this last quarter in the high-volume segment to a point where we'll be able to continue that growth as we go further and continue to take market share.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes, they are a completely different moments level and price levels. They don't overlap at all compared to those other two segments.
Ronald Nersesian: This is a product segment where Tektronix has been there. This product start at about $1,200 and go up from there, but they're very, very cost competitive and we look forward to the results.
Ronald Nersesian: The Comm segment is the strongest for -- the Comm segment for instance last quarter grew 45% and the GP business grew 24%. So there's no doubt that not only in the last quarter what we're seeing with our position in LTE taking business in research and development for handsets, and taking business in production or manufacturing for base stations, we're having some tremendous success in those areas. But we are seeing a broad rebound compared to what was a very low 2009 level in the recession, and we see saw strengthening last year of roughly around 30% order growth. And this year, we're seeing that continue. The compares will get tougher. But as Bill has mentioned, we have done great work on our business model, set up the right structure and leaned our product line. So that's why we're producing 20% operating margin and 34% ROIC in Q1, and why we're at a completely different level of contribution than we were a year or two ago.
Ronald Nersesian: Well, there's three different pieces in GP. We have the general industrial market, we have computers and semiconductor and aerospace/defense. The computer and semiconductor markets are growing rapidly. Now, obviously, the growth rates in semiconductor have come down, but they're still very hot for us right now and still over 50%. The computer business, we've talked about that, which is driven by our Oscilloscope business, seeing very strong growth. The only area that we're very cautious about is the aerospace/defense area due to the government's spending policies with this continuing resolution that's going on. But overall, we feel very comfortable with the guidance that we forecasted.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes, we've committed to deliver 40% incremental on the incremental revenue, and we've been delivering in excess of that as you've probably seen and noticed. For instance, this last quarter, incremental was 55%. Now at some point, that gets back down. But we are committed to delivering the 40% incremental, and we delivered 18% operating margin in Q3, 20% in Q4, 20% in Q1. And as we go forward, we think we're very comfortable with our 20% operating margin with the 40% incremental.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. As Bill mentioned, we spent more dollars than anybody else in R&D, and we spend at the same relative rate relative to revenue as most of our competitors. But the our growth is not only driven by a product category or two. We have introduced the world's highest performance network analyzer products during the last years, the world's highest performance spectrum analyzer product, and we have the worlds largest signal sources. So when you look at our core products and the core products, we grew 37% last quarter for all of them. And it makes up about 40% of EMG. So there's very, very strong success across the product line, and that's why we can produce gross margins like this and operating margin of 20% in this area. But we are investing, and investing to win, as Bill said, in all of these main product category areas.
Nicolas Roelofs: This is Nick. I'll just add. Our Asia numbers in orders were really strong double digits. Even Japan had decent numbers. We did have most of our trap revenue problem show up in Asia revenue. So that's where we're most impacted by our actual logistics problem for revenue in LSG.
Nicolas Roelofs: Yes, just close off. I have the same comments about the global and regional growth. But to some, specifically pharma, we're seeing real strength and have pulled forward. We believe big pharma replacing instrumentation, and we think that will continue now for another two years perhaps. And then we're seeing the geographic displacement of therapeutics. And we're really doing well in the Asia market, as well as other BRIC countries which are coming on. And in the academic government sector, while we had a nice year end bloom, it looks really solid. People's budgets were just locked in. So what happens in our next fiscal year is hard to tell in academic government, but for this fiscal year, the budgets seemed to be rolling globally, and we seem to be enjoying really strong order performance with no downturn in the near-term future.
Nicolas Roelofs: Yes. So first, the pharma market. I'm still pretty positive about it. Remember I characterized all global therapeutics in that swap. So what we're seeing is we're seeing big pharma solid single digits. And so as long as they're mid-single-digit, the rest of the global therapeutic market is really pushing into the double digits. So we think that market is going to be sort of five to seven range, and we think we should be able to take some good above that rate in terms of orders in growth, and so we're pretty optimistic for the rest of the year. On the NIH budget and government budget in general, if you look in the sectors we serve, which are really in the OMEX sectors. NIH has really not been impacted, at least so far. So there's a lot of things moving through Congress, but the sectors we serve, we don't think we're going to see impact negatively. And in fact, the point I was making is we're in the actual middle of a government fiscal cycle, and so unless there's some extraordinary budget cuts done in Washington, we think this year will continue with pretty good momentum in our sector, and globally, that's the story as well. We don't see any cuts coming in the next couple of quarters that will affect our trajectory in academic.
Nicolas Roelofs: Yes, sure. we are just delighted with the performance of the products we have, and genome partitioning are excellent sequencing. We see that there is a shift going on. We think that there's a new sector created around next-generation sequencing that is driving this genome partitioning market. We've actually seen several of the big-box players in the space moving to that sector and that's great because it just validates the sector. So we think we have the best product and strongest portfolio. We've already moved to automate. So as you saw on AGBT, we now have full robotics and automation on that partitioning front end, and we're going to continue to expand in that sample prep and automation side of the sequencing platform, and those are some of the things that we discussed at AGBT. And we seem to be capturing mind share as this new market of genome partitioning is expanding rapidly.
Nicolas Roelofs: We haven't said how big the pieces. We think we're one of the largest players in there, and that's moving fast, $100 million as a market fast. So we really not giving you any details on that, and hopefully, we'll be in a position to do so at some point.
Nicolas Roelofs: What Didier gave you was the midpoint of our range. To achieve the midpoint of Agilent, LSG could achieve 10%, albeit the midpoint of the Agilent range. That's what he gave you.
Nicolas Roelofs: In the previous call, what Didier said was at the high end of this guidance, LSG would be 12%. I think we're not moving those numbers around on you.
