Didier Hirsch: Yes. Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. To summarize Q1 results, they are above the high-end of our revenue and EPS guidance, even as currency impacted revenue by $7 million and OP by $2 million. The EPS beat was the result of the higher revenues as well as favorable mix. Our adjusted operating margin of 20.2% and operating cash flow of $106 million was strong. We bought back $200 million or 4.9 million shares in Q1. I'll turn now to the guidance for fiscal year 2016. We are confirming the core revenue growth guidance of 4.0% to 4.5% we provided in November. However, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar since our November guidance is expected to have a negative impact of about $50 million on reported revenues, $13 million on operating profit and $0.033 on EPS. As a result, we now expect fiscal year 2016 revenues of $4.1 billion to $4.12 billion and EPS of $1.81 to $1.87. To note, in the last two weeks, we've seen the U.S. dollar weaken. If the weakening continues, we will reflect the positive impact in our May guidance. Turning to our share buyback program, we remain committed to our plan of repurchasing another $280 million of shares before our fiscal year-end. Finally, moving to the guidance for our second quarter, we're expecting Q2 revenues of $965 million to $985 million, reflecting typical second quarter seasonality versus Q1. The midpoint corresponds to a core revenue growth of 4.0%. The sequential reduction in revenues will translate into a sequential reduction in EPS. We expect Q2 EPS to range between $0.37 to $0.39. With that, I'll turn it over to Alicia for the Q&A.
Didier Hirsch: No. It was entirely due to FX, absolutely. As I mentioned, the FX impact was $13 million and that is precisely the amount of the reduction in operating profit reflected in our guidance. And we have maintained the guidance at 20.2%, which was the average of 20% to 25% that we had guided to in November. No change.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah. Hi, Paul. So the guidance is always based on the exchange rate on the last day of the quarter we report. So the new guidance is based on the exchange rate as of January 30 of 2016. And it was between November – October 30, which was a November guidance and then January 30, which is the present guidance. The dollar strengthened, but we are seeing it weakening since November 30 a little bit vis-à-vis the euro, and certainly, vis-à-vis the yen. So if that continues, it will be reflected in our May guidance. Again, there was no change at all to our November guidance except for those that result directly from the change in exchange rates between October 30 and January 30.
Didier Hirsch: Just to point that also contributed the number one – you will recall that last year we were spending heavily on remediation point to address the FDA warning letters. So that is now we're spending significant amounts to maintain our strong position now, but certainly, not in the same magnitude of what we have spent for two years in a row. And then, the second point is there was a favorable mix. We talked about how strong the pharma business is and pharma does generate higher gross margin than the rest of the businesses. So favorable mix and the pharma being just one of them, but a significant one. And then, the FDA, the reduction of FDA spend also in addition to all the points that Mike has made.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah. As I mentioned earlier, we have reduced our top line revenue from a midpoint from $4.160 billion to $4.110 billion, which is a $50 million reduction. We've reduced our operating profit from $830 million to $817 million. That's $13 million, and that's entirely due to the impact of the strengthening of the dollar and related to the $50 million. And then, I mentioned $0.033, but with rounding, we are going from the midpoint of $1.88 to the midpoint of $1.84, and that's $0.04, and that's the $0.033, which is rounded because of the – going from one to the other, you can understand that. So basically, what we felt is even though we are starting the year very strongly, we felt that with the overall macroeconomic condition, it would not be wise at this point in time to change the guidance we have provided, core revenue guidance of 4% to 4.5%. We have the same confidence as we had in the month of November, when we provided that guidance that we're in good shape to hit it and perhaps beat it, but certainly, didn't want to change it.
Didier Hirsch: And that we saw no reason to change our core revenue growth to offset a part of the FX, because FX can go up and down and it's too volatile nowadays to immediately – unless we see some long-term structural changes, as we have last year and we reacted accordingly. We were not going to react by what we believe are temporary changes in FX by actions on our structural spend.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah. I mean, in terms of the currencies we have a detailed model that takes into account obviously all the currencies. The dollar versus the euro or the dollar versus the yen had a major impact also, I think, dollar versus the British pound. And again, I mean, today's guidance is based on the January 30 exchange rate, so the euro to dollar €0.84 and the yen – and vis-à-vis the yen at the U.S. dollar is ¥121.4 and we are seeing that at today's rate if we had to provide the guidance based on just if we had to – we're able to instantly reflect the currencies as of the day of the guidance, we'd have a very different guidance.
Didier Hirsch: No, no, no, we don't provide guidance or information regarding the acquisitions. We have stated and we are exactly in line that we expect Seahorse revenue to grow double-digits in 2016 versus 2015. And we expect the Seahorse operating margin to be also in the double-digits. So no change to our expectations.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah. We basically decided to buy back in Q1 what we had not been able to do in Q4 of the preceding year. And then, we have filed a 10b5-1 with certain formula. But for your model, you should assume that we are buying about one-third of the remaining $280 million per quarter.
Didier Hirsch: We're not saying it's not going to carry us through. We're saying we saw no reason in the present environment to change the guidance on an operating margin basis, 20.2% that we had provided, 20% to 20.5% that we had provided previously, and again, with the same level of conservatism as we had in November. So that's basically the – that was the premise for us maintaining both the core revenue growth and the operating margin we had provided in November.
Didier Hirsch: Yeah. I would just add that there's no change in plan and Jacob is still absolutely committed to reaching 20% operating margin in 2017.
Didier Hirsch: You said it all. Absolutely. I had mentioned earlier that the favorable mix came in part from the pharma mix. And within pharma, clearly Liquid Chromatography has the higher-than-average operating margin and gross margin.
Didier Hirsch: And that's why I made a comment on my script that would we had used, for example, today's exchange rates, the guidance would have been higher, because the dollar between January 31 and today has weakened.
Michael R. McMullen: Hey, Ryan. This is Mike. Let me make a few comments on the pharma strength we saw in the first quarter. Clearly, no one-time events and we saw great pacing throughout the quarter. I just would highlight a few points here. One, we're seeing a strong growth in Liquid Chromatography both in terms of the uptake and our new products, but also the technology refresh that is underway within the segment. Also, customers are responding quite positively to our biopharma solutions. And across the board, between biopharma and pharma, we're seeing strong demand for enterprise-wide services and consumables. 19% growth for the first quarter. We don't expect that level of double-digit growth to continue all through the year, but we're quite confident in our projections of high-single-digit. We're calling for 8% overall growth for the year in pharma. So we see no signs that this market won't remain robust for us for the rest of this year.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, Paul, if I can just emphasize that again, I mean, the fundamental assumptions we made that underlined our prior quarter guidance remain intact with the exception being FX.
Michael R. McMullen: Paul, just to make sure I understand the question relative to -thanks for the comments and observations. Just to make sure I understand the question, this would be relative to our expectation of continued organic growth of those two new...
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah, Dan. Thanks for the careful observation. And actually, the Environmental business was a pleasant surprise in the first quarter. We knew that China was going to be strong and we've been talking about China and our view of investments that the Chinese government's making in places such as environmental market and food safety. But I will say that we're happy to see the growth in other segments. Because, yes, the Chemical & Energy space has been under pressure, but what we're still seeing is that fracking is still going on. So the production – while prices of oil are down, the production demand is stable. And, in fact, if you look at the gasoline production in the U.S., for example, it's perhaps going up. So we're seeing a continued need to do Environmental testing. So that's been a nice reaffirmation, if you will, of our outlook for the year, which calling for low-single-digit growth in Environmental. We thought that China would carry the whole load for us, but I think we're getting a little help from the U.S. as well.
Michael R. McMullen: Unfortunately, no. I think we're still looking for very challenged conditions in those countries. I know there's been some recent news today about Russia, and perhaps, working with some of the other oil-producing countries to change some aspects of production. Maybe they'll have some dynamics in terms of their economy, but right now, we're assuming continuation of the current challenged conditions for Brazil and Russia.
Michael R. McMullen: Sure, Ross. This is Mike. I really appreciate the opportunity to comment on this. So if you go by the conservatism meter on our guidance, it's at the same level as it was last quarter. So the only real fundamental changes from our outlook is the view on FX. That's it.
Michael R. McMullen: Okay. And, Jeff, this is Mike. I think we shared these numbers with you in the past. But the way we looked at this – we always look at our business, say, about 15% or so is in E&P, as you described, exploration and production, which will be about 3% to 4% of our total revenues. About 35% of that segment is in refining and the other 50% is in chemicals. So that's how we – it remains stable at a subdued level.
Michael R. McMullen: And the other thing that we've done, so we're getting broad-based demand across all segments of the market. Then we also continue to do our own math in terms of what's out there, in terms of the install base of our products. So we have a pretty good idea of – at least on the technology refresh side how much more demand we can expect in the segment.
Michael R. McMullen: Great question. Happy to elaborate. They are highly connected. So when we talk about pharma market demand, it's both driving new equipment purchases, which were the focus on Patrick's comments, but also, there's a demand for enterprise-wide services and consumables. But on the CrossLab side, not only are they investing in ongoing chemistries and services to maintain their operations and support their application needs, what we're also seeing is a change in the model. So what they're doing is they are taking activities that historically have been done inside the company and are creating, if you will, a new set of services for vendors in our space to handle things such as asset management. And that's creating a new set of services that are being created right now in pharma. We haven't seen that new set of services demand develop yet on the Chemical & Energy side, but we're hopeful that it will down the road. But there's a couple of dynamics going on in the pharma space, which are driving both the new instrument purchases and the consumables and services from CrossLab.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. Thanks, Tim. Appreciate the opportunity to provide a perspective on here. So although we remain focused on our organic growth opportunities, we've got a lot of very exciting plans and new products coming out, and working on the go-to-market capabilities I mentioned in my call comments. We're really continuing to look for acquisitions that augment our current portfolio and add to our company capabilities. And so I think you saw doing the Seahorse deal, where we added capabilities in life science, research, Cartagenia in the area of next-gen sequencing. We built out our workflow there. We'd still like to find ways to build out our workflow in next-gen sequencing. And so our stated strategies of really adding capabilities, expanding our portfolio, building on our workflow solutions with particular emphasis on life sciences, research, next-gen sequencing workflows in the overall consumables and services place, they're our priorities. Well, that being said, most people still have the memories of the 52-week highs. So we'll see how this plays out. And what I will tell you is we will continue to be very disciplined in terms of how we think about M&A and does it provide an attractive return to our shareholders, and can we do something to make the business better? If we can't make the business better, it's not something we'd be interested in.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. Thanks. I appreciate the opportunity to talk about China; one of my favorite topics. So we saw a very good demand in China, high-single-digit growth in our analytical lab business. And as I mentioned to you in the past, the markets here are really being driven by strong investments in government policy-driven initiatives around quality of life concerns, whether the environment, drug and food safety. So all the markets with the exception of Chemical & Energy really saw quite strong growth. And we're underpenetrated in DGG business compared to the rest of the company. We've talked about that in the past. And we're underpenetrated in a growing market for cancer diagnostics, for example. And I recently saw some statistics that I thought were really quite amazing. There was a report by the Cancer Hospital of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences said that every minute an average of six people in the country were diagnosed with cancer, and five of those six would eventually die of the disease. So unfortunately, there's going to be growing demand for cancer diagnostics as well. I'm going to wrap this all up by saying we remain quite comfortable with the mid- to high-single-digit growth expectation we laid out for China. It was strong for us in the first quarter and we expect that to continue through the year.
Michael R. McMullen: And, Didier, I'd just add, in my call comments, I tried to highlight a few things on a longer-term nature to show you that we're not out of gas in this tank in terms of our ability to continue to move our operating margin. We have other larger-hitting programs that are coming in late 2016 and will carry on into 2017 as well. So this is not a one-time quarter where we just got a favorable mix, whatever. There's real fundamental improvements underway in the operating margin capabilities of the company.
Michael R. McMullen: I'm not sure exactly what you're referring to, but relative to our view is that gasoline will continue to be needed to run the economy, and there's going to be demand there. And what we've tried to share, as long as production is running and there's demand, the refineries will meet that demand. So we've seen no significant changes in the underlying demand for gas. And, in fact, Patrick, I think you were showing me some statistics the other day about what's going on in the area of refineries in the U.S.
Michael R. McMullen: Yeah. No, I'd just point to two things. One is in terms of our normal seasonality through the quarter. Q1 of 2016 was like prior quarters. We always see a nice strong December as we close off year-end with our customers. And followed our typical seasonality patterns through November, December and January. I think probably the only thing of note would be in the DDG side. We had, I think, one less working day, I think, this year. So that does affect the Genomics business in terms of how much revenue we get in that quarter. But really, it was business as usual, if you will, through the first quarter.
Michael R. McMullen: If the budgets were to be released faster, I think, it would probably be upside for us. Our current view is low-single-digits for Academia & Government for the year.
Michael R. McMullen: Great. I know Jacob's given a lot of thought to that potential question. So I'll pass it over to you, Jacob, to provide some color there.
Michael R. McMullen: I'd just reiterate – great question this one. Again by the way, one of the things as you heard me say earlier in my comments, we continue to make sure we're realistic and we think about our business not on some hope and a prayer, but we actually have solid plans behind our long-term operating goals. And I think we have a lot of confidence for two reasons. One is we have a plan that can get us there with not all the top line, it's probably in the range of 4% ago, we can get to the margin goals. We've laid out a plan that's got 60% of this coming from the cost side. And we have multi-year programs that are going to take significant cost out of our structure. So I highlighted a field in my call, I mean, changes in terms of our benefit structure, changes in terms of our IT cost, our IT systems. It is a major company-wide initiatives that right now we're underway. You won't start to see them going through the P&L until like late 2016 going into 2017. So these are the kind of things that give us confidence to say, okay, there's a path that gets us to where we want to get to in 2017.
Michael R. McMullen: I think there are two things I would point to and then, Didier, feel free to jump in in as well. But first of all, remember, the change we're making to our portfolio. So we've exited the NMR hardware business and we're starting to see some of those margin improvements shown on the P&L where we had revenue in the NMR business and much higher revenues in FY 2015. And then, our pharma business is pulling a lot of Liquid Chromatography, which is one of our highest gross margin products. I think it's really perhaps those are the things...
Michael R. McMullen: Well, you can almost think about pharma – we had 19% pharmaceutical growth in the first quarter. What we're saying is we can't expect 19% to happen each of the next three quarters, what we do expect is continued strong demand, and right now, we're calling 8% for the entire year. So that's what you're seeing in terms of reflected in our mix column as it relates to gross margin.
Michael R. McMullen: It's just pure math. So we're not making any projections at all about future levels of FX. What Didier has done is, he takes the currency spot rates on the last day of the reported quarter, and that's how we guide the company. We say okay, that's what we know and we'll assume that rate stays the same the rest of the year, and then, it's just pure math from there.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: So I'm just trying to double-check on the guidance map here, because I think a few of us are a little bit confused. So we beat the quarter, right, by around – I don't know – call it, $0.03. We lost $0.033 on FX roughly, and the range came down $0.04. So I'm just trying to get a sense for – again, it seems like FX was the key delta, but just the simple math would have suggested to me a little less downward pressure on the full-year range. And again, I realize there's probably a few other moving parts. So I'm just trying to make sure I understand how we're doing versus the plan for the year.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Yeah. I guess, what I'm trying to get at is sort of the comments last quarter suggested sort of conservatism, right. You obviously can't control what happens with the dollar, so that's understandable. I'm just trying to get a sense for how much conservatism there is now in the forecast and whether or not we have risk to that core growth rate, given again that the range came down, but you reiterated the top line. Just making sure that we're sort of not over-extrapolating here.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Okay. So, sorry. I'm going to monopolize for a minute, just because I'm trying to make sure my inbox lights up. I'm getting everyone the answers they need. So all right. To be clear, we have the FX hit. I'd love to also understand what were the key currencies, because most of us can see the dollar's actually, again, we'll see if it sustains, weakened a bit. And so it seems like it's outside the euro and the yen that might have caused some of the headwinds. So I'd love to hear just a little bit of color on maybe it's the yuan or some of the other emerging market currencies. And just to be clear also on the second point, so we didn't really bake in the beat from this quarter. Is that where the conservatism comes in? And then, I'm done I promise. I'll cede the floor.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Well, no, not really. I think, as you said, it's playing out as we expected. There's continued pressure on the exploration side and production side. But for the refinery side, demand really drives. Also, replacement business for us, we try to incentivize our customers and give them opportunity to upgrade to increase their productivity and efficiency. And on the chemical side, I would say that the lower feedstock prices have not yet fully materialized. So we stay with focus for the year to – for the whole segment to stay flat.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure. Thanks. So what we're hearing from our customers is that actually they are holding their budgets. We don't see any significant reduction there. And this comes, by the way, across the board from small and medium-sized and large enterprises. So it's really for us, it's a good mixture between different sized companies and also between the different markets. Talking about small molecule versus biopharmaceuticals, the growth really comes from both sides. And this is why we're so confident that we will maintain to see this high-single-digit growth for pharma.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Well, the integration of Seahorse is going very well. It's giving us extended reach also into the research market, and this was the whole play. Plus, we, of course, used the opportunity to use our strength in pharma to sell these products into the pharma space in areas like disease discovery as well. And this will drive the growth in fiscal year 2016. As Didier said, we expect double-digit growth. We have the salesforce trained and we are looking forward to a very strong Q2, Q3, Q4 for this product line.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. I mean, what we see, as Mike said, is the continued demand for – not only in the U.S., but also in the emerging economies like China. So the refineries are basically running at capacity right now. There will be no new builds, but we see that they've replaced existing equipment, and they also go into service contracts with us. They look for opportunities to drive more efficiencies, which gives us an opportunity to upgrade the install base with automation features and other things to make sure that the customers can save money with the equipment as well. So the oil price is clearly driven by the fact that there's overcapacity on the production side. But the refinery volume has not gone down significantly over the last quarters.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. I can take this question here. We have seen moderate growth again in Academia & Government, which was a positive surprise. And as you all have read, there are more budgets available now in the U.S. These budgets are slowly released and drove some of the growth for us in Q1. And looking at the funnel moving forward, we actually see a good funnel there as well. So we stay with the forecast of low-single-digit growth for Academia & Government, at the moment, mainly driven by the U.S., which is where we see the strongest demand.
