Mike McMullen: Yes. Sure, Doug. I touched on it briefly in my comments. So, there's two points of reported growth in Q3.
Mike McMullen: And we were encouraged by the movement in PMIs. You probably noticed that. But, let's see how that translates into business in the coming quarter. And again, we have to keep in mind ourselves, as pleased as we are with the result we just delivered, there's still a lot of uncertainty out there because the virus is unpredictable at times.
Mike McMullen: Yes. And Vijay, let me kind of frame into kind of the numbers. What we were talking about is the Frederick site has the potential of roughly $100 million worth of revenue. And we added capacity that more than doubles that $100 million to give you a frame of the numbers. So, it's not 100, 200, 400, it's 100, 200 and more than 300 to kind of give you a sense. And in terms of July, we actually came in with growth across all three groups in exiting in July.
Mike McMullen: And Tycho, I guess, what I’d just close off here is a broad-based nature of our portfolio is allowing us to play in multiple aspects of this COVID-19. Some of these things may take a little bit longer to actually turn into revenue, right? So, if you're working with, say, a pharma partner or something in the therapeutic area, it may take a while for that to come to market. So, we think these tailwinds are here to stay for some time. And we're stepping up our efforts here because it plays right into the broad nature of our portfolio.
Mike McMullen: And Tycho, the supply chain consideration and discussions still happen and it gets added a level of stability, albeit down to this -- into the space. And, again, as you look ahead for the future, this is an area where eventually it'll come back, and again, too early to call. But, I'd say we're pretty confident about the improvement rate in pharma.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Happy to do so. So, it's all market, it’s all access to labs and patients going for the diagnostic test. So, it's real all market. I think, we're seeing different pace of pacing throughout the quarter. All of our geographies in the diagnostic testing front ended up with positive growth in July, but it was down sharply in May and June, particularly in the U.S. And keep in mind also, we -- part of our business in our genomics front is so select into NGS-based diagnostic labs and for genetic disorders, for example, those tests aren't getting done either. So, it's really all market. 
Mike McMullen: Bravo. So, it's kind of like, now we like a one-two punch kind of going there on the core instrumentation. I’d also remind you, with the Bravo platform comes an ongoing revenue stream associated with the tips that go with those liquid handlers.
Mike McMullen: Yes. And I was going to say that I think the geography Puneet is largely in the U.S., but there are some global opportunities as well. It’s really non-COVID-19 related. I mean, this is part of the core growth strategy for Padraig’s business to continue to expand our market share on the Enterprise Services front. And we're really delighted that we made some big pharma deals.
Mike McMullen: Hey Bob, if I could maybe add a comment on your -- on the first remark. So, this is really, Derik, all about a new way of working in Agilent. So, I'm preparing for a manager's call later this week. And what we're talking to our team about is more digital, less travel. And we're really going to make sure that when we get on the other side of COVID-19 pandemic that we don't revert to our old ways of traveling. And we know from our customer satisfaction scores, they love the responses we have now with our digital platforms.
Mike McMullen: And then, on the other question, Derek, what we're hearing from our customers, particularly in the public sector and we’re seeing it in our order book, and while I'll offer my perspective here, and feel free to build on my comments here. But, there's a real sense of making sure they commit to the budgets. So, we're seeing it both in our order book as well as order activity, where there is a lot of uncertainty what's going to happen post elections as we go into 2021. So, they want to commit those funds. And it's actually quite amazing the amount of deal activity that's going to occur without visiting a customer face to face. So Bob, I don’t know what you're hearing from field…
Mike McMullen: Yes. Sure, Brandon. And I'll start off here, and Bob, feel free to jump in. But, we felt quite comfortable resuming our share repurchase program on the non-dilutive perspective, and we'll be looking at opportunistic as well. And cash flow remains strong. We felt for some time that the third quarter of this year would be the toughest quarter for us for the year. We’re through that now. And the third quarter actually was significantly better than we had thought. And we saw positive growth across all the businesses in July. So, we think, okay, barring some kind of major flare-up, we should be able to continue to see this gradual improvement of growth in the fourth quarter, sort of our message. So, we have the comp. We also narrowed the framework that we provided, it’s more narrower than it was in Q3. But again, I think we need to keep in mind ourselves that we still -- there's still a lot of uncertainty associated with the pandemic. I think, our capital deployment approach remains unchanged, which is, we certainly wanted a balanced approach to capital deployment across dividends, cash, share repos and with the prioritization of investment in business, we just made a significant commitment in capital with our new NASD expansion. And we're still on the hunt for deals that make sense for Agilent. So, our approach to capital deployment really fundamentally remains unchanged. We paused a bit in the second quarter just because -- on the share repo because of the -- in the early part of the third quarter, given what was going on in the environment outside of Agilent. So, we feel pretty good about where we are right now and have a reasonable level of confidence, and there is decent level of stability about the business.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think, it’s perhaps end of '22. And don’t specifically talk about specific targets or areas of focus, certainly, but it's not out of the realm of reason that I would say, why wouldn’t we want to further expand this business inorganically as well? So, that's not out of the realm. I'm not singling anything near-term happening. But we think we're operating from a position of strength here in this business. We had a first -- get our new factory up and running and build for that. So, we now think we have a, if you will, a beachhead to build from both, organically and inorganically.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I tried to hit that in my remarks, which as I really say, hey listen, we know we're picking up share in a tight market. And I think you saw that on C&E, right, which is if a C&E capital purchase is going down, it's coming Agilent’s way. And that's why -- and the market is still cautious, but you see PMI starting to creep up a bit, so.
Mike McMullen: Sure. So, I think, I’d say China is in lead position in terms of if you -- almost full recovery. Europe is second and the U.S. is trailing. So for the first -- throughout the quarter, if I look at Sam's business in the U.S., for example, the first two months were negative of diagnostic testing values in pathology. But we saw actually improvement to growth in July. So, I think that's sort of the pattern of how the pandemic has flowed around the world. China is back. Europe's on its way. And I'd say, U.S. is still in the early stages of recovery.
Mike McMullen: Thanks, Steve. Happy to comment on that. I think, that's still going to happen. And these things take time. But, there's active discussion. And, by the way, I wouldn't say it's just confined I the United States. I mean, many geographies are now looking at the security of their supply chain, both in the pharma side as well as in the chemical marketplace where they're providing precursors into the APIs for the pharma chains. So, there's nothing significant to announce relative to the impact on business, but there does seem to be an overall trend in this regard. And I can say also from an Agilent perspective, we're working hard to make sure that our supply chain is secure as well. So, I think that the COVID-19 pandemic is a real wake up call to really some vulnerabilities in some aspects of supply chain. So, we're kind of working both sides of it, which are to ensure our own ability to deliver product under multiple scenarios, as well as we do see some market trends underway. Bob, I know you take a look at this pretty…
Mike McMullen: Hey, Bob, why don't I make some initial comments, and then we can check our notes to see if I missed anything. But, I think unlike the last quarter, the mix here -- and I think both the chemical and the energy later side had about the same dynamics where both were down about the same, primarily on the instrument side. And on one hand, the chemical side of the business was really benefiting -- continues benefit from the low oil prices. But, some of their end markets are weak, whether be automotive or some of the other markets that they service are weak. Some of them are getting a little bit of help on COVID-19 related products. But overall, I'd say both, the chemical side, as well as the energy side of that are down about the same, but stable. And I have to say that Bob and I had talked to at some length about this in our last call. And our prediction at the time was we thought we were going to be in a stable situation relative to this. That wasn’t going to get any worse. That was sort of the question we were getting last call. So, I think we're really pleased to see that that came through this quarter. And we expect that eventually this thing will start to move back to grow. I think it's probably a 70-30 mix, where most of it’s in QA/QC. And that's why these facilities are running, albeit maybe not at full volume. So, QA/QC equipment will be needed as well as consumer services that go with it. So, they can only hold off the depots on that side for so long. There is an element of research. But I think in the chemical and energy space, the biggest driver for that is the QA/QC side of the business.
Mike McMullen: No, I'll jump in on this. But from our perspective, I don't know real surprises. Maybe we're -- like all of us are watching what was happening with the pandemic as it worked its way across throughout the U.S. and we saw the case numbers go up and lab access was down really sharply April, May, June and we started seeing some recovery. So, I think no real surprises versus what we thought.
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think that's a fair assessment of what I was trying to communicate today. First of all, the fact that we do think it's bottomed. And that was our thesis when things started going directly down and the pandemic hit. So, we do see that. Again, I don't want to get too far out and describe some big dramatic increase in growth in this space. But, customers are working on the plans. Chevron actually is making some big investments in Iraq. So capital -- these are ongoing concerns, and they can hold back their capital for a while, but they're going to want to maintain their operations at the highest capabilities. So, we're hopeful that the budget environment will be a little bit different in '21. I think once we get a little bit more clarity, once our customers feeling more clarity in their view where the economy's gone, then they can make their decisions with a lot more confidence. So, the PMIs are good view of how some of them may be changing. So, again, don't over interpret this for fourth quarter, but it does point to '21 being perhaps a better environment.
Mike McMullen: Hey Jack. Happy to answer this question. This is something we've been monitoring pretty closely, deferrals versus cancellations. And we've really been pleased, our cancellations are actually lower than last year. And our thesis is they’re being pushed and actually funds will be deployed this calendar year.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I would just say, Doug, to add, I mean, one of the things that was very positive about China was it was pretty consistent across the quarter, and in fact exited slightly higher than that overall 11%, but we saw solid growth all three months.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Vijay, this is Bob. I'll take that. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we hope that that is overly conservative. What that would imply is actually a retrenchment -- and in COVID-19 flare-ups here in the U.S. as we go back -- as we move into the fall, and you start seeing some elements of shutdown. So, we certainly would hope that we would do better than that. But, we wanted to provide, hey, that's within the realm of kind of how we're thinking about our spending and so forth. Our July results -- or our exit rate of the quarter was much higher than that. And so, we're aiming to do better. But there's still uncertainty in the world with the pandemic, people going back to school and so forth, so.
Bob McMahon: Yes. That's right, Mike. I mean, if you looked at each one of the major markets, each one of the major markets got better in Q3 versus Q2 with the exception of the U.S., which we expected given kind of the state of affairs with the pandemic.
Bob McMahon: No, it's slightly different math. I think, we've been consistent with our view of needing to double our capacity. What we ended up doing is actually triggering the decision to initiate expansion earlier than we thought, just given the robust nature of the end market. And as well as we have worked our way to be able to -- in the same space, we challenged ourselves to find ways to drive as much revenue in the same physical space. So, we are investing a little bit more capital than we initially thought. But, we're also building something slightly different than our first train, which is going to give us actually more volume than our current train A. So, it's a really -- we thought it was really positive signal. And that’s why sent out the press release this morning, because we're super excited about our prospects here.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And maybe Sam to add. That being said, the capacity expansion isn't tied to COVID-19. We have plenty of demand outside of COVID-19 therapeutics and vaccines. And so, this is a broad-based capacity expansion.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Probably -- C&E is probably the one that's -- I would expect it to be pretty stable and that down 10ish percent -- 8% to 10% in that range. We do expect pharma to continue to improve. So that 2% certainly even in the low scenario would stay there and then on the high scenario would accelerate, which is consistent with the trends we've seen throughout the quarter of Q3.
Bob McMahon: Yes. The way to think about those reshoring is those are opportunities and discussions that could happen through the order book, and then will happen actually in '21 and beyond in terms of investments are being made. So, that's more future looking.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I was going to say, Puneet, actually if you bifurcate those two and look at our performance, actually, pathology performed better than NGS testing volumes, given what Mike was just talking about, as well as some of the academic institutions.
Bob McMahon: Let me take that, Derik. It's great question and we certainly are very pleased with how the team has responded, as I mentioned before. As we talked about, a large amount of the cost, we have not done things like furloughs. We stabilized the team. We have not reduced base pay and things like that. So, these are discretionary expenses that a lot of them we think had the opportunity to stay away, be travel and things like that, which our digital tools have enabled us to really continue to support our customers. And so, there aren't any kind of one time things that happened in the quarter.  In terms of going forward to Q4, we are looking at probably less of a margin -- incremental margin improvement because we are looking for ways to continue to invest to drive growth as the economy recovers. We also have some startup costs in the NASD new facility as well. So, it's probably less than what we've had historically had, which is call it 30% to 40% incremental. But it's really to drive growth.
Bob McMahon: The only thing I would add is just reiterate what Jacob was saying, because it's not just China. I think, when you look at our LSAG portfolio, I think what people don't fully appreciate is, is how we've actually changed the portfolio to technology platforms, they're probably the best -- in the best shape they have been in probably five years in terms of new products and so forth. And I think you're seeing that across the globe. And when we think about where we ended up in Q3, LSAG was certainly the standout relative to where we thought they were going to be. In a capital constrained environment only down 4% on a core basically speaks to our responsiveness to customers.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Sure. We’re hoping that's not a trend that's going to be around for a while, but it certainly was exacerbated in the Q3. That being said, I would say three quarters of that was probably mix, when you look at the various businesses across each one of the groups. But, where we saw logistics, challenges are, it's lower capacity and freight and air capacity. But we would expect that -- and we actually saw that through the quarter to kind of relax. And I think as you’re starting to see more intercontinental travel, both from a passenger standpoint as well as freight standpoint we would expect that to kind of relax over time.
Bob McMahon: It could be. I'll just leave it at that. There's still a lot of uncertainty and so forth. But certainly, we wouldn't complain if it was better than that.
Bob McMahon: I'll take the first one just real quick. And then, Mike, if you want to add something on the second one. We announced that we would make that $150 million investment and we would expect it to go live towards the end of 2022. So, it's taking a little longer than just a regular train. Sam mentioned train A on steroids. So, it's bigger, and probably take a little more capital. And obviously with COVID-19 there's some activity there in terms of little long lead time. But, we feel like we have the capacity to be able to manage us through that time, and then that will come online at the end of 2020.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think -- Catherine, this is Bob, all three of our businesses actually performed better in July than they did in May and June, which was very positive. The ACG business actually led the charge in terms of that, as you would expect, given the resumption of activities. There's some catch up there, in terms of -- we saw that kind of phenomenon actually in China, in April. But ultimately ACG was there. I think, LSAG capital is going to continue to be constrained. But I think what we've seen in our business is we've talked about this in the past kind of this flight to quality. And with our instrumentation and the reputation that we have, I think in a capital constrained environment, those dollars are precious. And we think our positioning is very good vis-à-vis the market.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Catherine, just one last thing, to give you maybe a little more color. If we look across the groups, we would expect LSAG to still be negative in Q4. I mean, it's probably going to lag, given the [Multiple Speakers] big fourth quarter last year as well.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Just to build on that, we talked a little bit about earlier in the call. We would expect that to see some of that opportunity show in our order book. And that's probably more a ‘21 timeframe for revenue. I wouldn't expect any of that to happen in Q4, just given the kind of timing. But you're seeing it in multiple end markets in multiple regions. We think this is a trend that will continue.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And the only thing I’d add, Dan is we would expect this, as you said, kind of steady slow progress going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I was going to say, Dan, one of the things we were incredibly proud of in China was all three of the business groups grew and all of our end markets grew, really led by food, which was up over 20%. It's been a while since we've been able to say that. And so, we think that -- we talked about kind of the moves away from the government labs or the central labs into the commercial labs, and we think that that's stabilized, and team has really been able to garner share, or our view of capacity in that space. And then, in pharma, it continues to perform very well. Actually, pharma was up roughly 10% in China, and that's a combination of both, large and small molecule. And I think that our thesis around that continues to play out, which is that the winners of the 4 plus 7 or the tendering process are -- customers that where we are over indexed, and we continue to see that positive momentum, we actually saw acceleration from Q2 to Q3 in both, food and pharma, and the rest of the businesses were positive as well. So, I think, it’s broad-based.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I would agree. I mean, Patrick, this is Bob. The Americas, as Mike said earlier, is in fact the biggest variable because it's further along in its recovery than both Europe and China. And I think, the thing that we're watching is those COVID flare-ups and the potential impact on elective procedures, which would impact our diagnostics business. That's probably got the biggest variability going into Q4 relative to LSAG and ACG. But, to Mike's point, we did not see any significant change with these flare-ups in August -- or excuse me in July and early August.
Bob McMahon: Yes. That's what we actually -- we saw that -- Jack, some of that actually happened in Q3. And as people are going back into the labs physically there, then they can install the instrumentation. But to Mike's point, we've seen no cancellation or lower cancellations than what we would have last year. There's always some level of it. I would say that we've been extraordinarily pleased. And I would expect it to happen this calendar year.
Sam Raha: Yes. Sure, Mike. Hi, Tycho. As you -- I think you’d have seen a good pickup in terms of our qPCR instruments, which are our Aria systems, as well as our bioreagents related to qPCR both reverse transcriptase master mixes. On the antibody side, we’ve definitely also seen an increase in IgA, IgG and those antibodies. In terms of our own tests, we are very actively exploring the possibilities of developing those. So, more to share in due course.
Sam Raha: Yes, sure. No problem. Tycho, I'd start by reiterating a little bit of what Mike and Bob were talking about. It's interesting that it was just last June that we did a ribbon cutting and starting of the new Frederick, Colorado facility. And quite frankly, we've seen demand that exceeded our expectations, just 12 months ago. So, building really -- sorry, the new manufacturing line that we're building, you can consider it, as we call it, training on steroids as our general. But, it is very-differentiated, both in throughput and the molecules it can do, which is a segue to your -- a little bit of your question that we're able to do multiple iterations or types of siRNA or RNA. We're also actively looking at other different versions of molecules that are oligo based. Though I can't reveal the details, we have had a lot of interest related to COVID-19, all of those used for either COVID-19-related therapeutics or even for vaccines. So, I can say that we have started to work on some of those programs now.
Sam Raha: Yes. no problem, Mike. So, I can't comment specifically on the molecule or the molecule of the projects that we're doing related to COVID-19. But, two things I will point out. As Bob indicated earlier, this is business separate for or different than the business we're already doing or it's not taking the place of business, if you will. And we believe, we have the capacity and that's -- if the demand is there related to certain things playing out related to COVID-19 and the molecule that we happen to be working on, we believe we will be in a position to be able to supply that material as the volume required.
