Bob McMahon: Hey, Vijay, this is Bob. I did get the last part of your question, maybe. Yes, so, on the price, we do have built in roughly a point of price into our plan which is slightly higher than what we had this year, Vijay. And in terms of inclusion, we won’t get into individual customer products, but what I would say is NASD is expecting another year of very strong growth. 
Bob McMahon: Yes, Brandon, it’s a good question on China and we continue to be very positive on China. If we look at our backlog, our order growth rate has increased higher than our revenue for the last three quarters. We exited 2021 with a record backlog going into 2022 for China. And our guidance comprehends high-single-digit growth in China. So, both being led by – from a geographic basis, growth will be led by Americas and China going forward. 
Bob McMahon: Yes. Yes. Thanks, Derik. It’s a great question. And what we’ve been able to do even in this last quarter in the phase of inflationary pressures is be able to drive pretty significant margin expansion across our businesses. And so, as we think about the 60 to 80 basis points to put kind of as perspective, we are anticipating roughly 15 basis point headwind associated with that train B build up and that’s hiring the people and getting the product coming online and so forth.  And so, if we think about that, that’s closer to 75 to close to that 100 basis points. A lot of that’s going to come through SG&A operating leverage and the activities associated with just not growing our business expenses as fast as the top-line. And we are going to be looking to cover some of the inflationary pressures on the top-line with that price that I talked about before which we didn’t really have any significant price in 2021.  We have started to see that. We took quick action earlier this year to reflect that and so a combination of it. Most if it being in OpEx leverage, but there will be some small operating leverage at the top-line as well, if you take out the – excuse me, at the gross margin, if you take out the NASD expenses as a result of covering our cost through pricing increases. 
Bob McMahon: Yes, yes, there is some budget that we’ve seen that has shifted into our fiscal first quarter and into FY 2022 in particular in China. I think long-term, we still see the importance of the environmental testing in China and around the world remains to be seen or is still intact, Puneet. And it’s more a function of timing than anything. 
Bob McMahon: Yes. So, I would say, maybe on NASD, if I look at it and I break it into two components. If I look at it with the existing capacity, that team not only has driven top-line growth, but if we looked at the margin, it actually is accretive to the overall Agilent margin. So that team has done a fabulous job ramping up.
Bob McMahon: Accretive, yes, very nicely. And so, we are making the investment on Train B. It’s roughly 15 basis points. That’s inclusive of that 60 to 80. So it’s a roughly $10 million to $15 million of incremental cost associated with the training and investments as the lines come on board. And so, we are seeing that and take that to a side because those are kind of discrete. And if I look at the business, what we are seeing is the faster growing areas. We actually are seeing a benefit of mix. And so, we talked a little bit about cell analysis but also cell analysis in LSAG has been very accretive both on the gross margin, as well as the operating profit side. And so, we’ve got these faster growing businesses that are helping with mix and then we are adding on the incremental price to cover the inflationary pressures that we are seeing and so forth.  But we’ve also got productivity measures in place and this is where I think the One Agilent approach to our systems and our infrastructure really pays dividends, because we are able to leverage those costs across a larger base and because a lot of that is internal, we don’t have that same level of pressure on cost as we are seeing in some other areas.  And so, it’s a combination of product mix, that price. I talked about 1% price and then leverage in the operating expense side.
Bob McMahon: Yes, exactly. So it was more just longer delivery times and Josh, it was in the LSAG business, as you would expect. It was roughly a point in the quarter.
Bob McMahon: We are assuming that it will get better over the course of the first half of next year or first half of the fiscal year. So not all of it will come back in Q1.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. And I was going to say, Paul, this is Bob. Just to add, I mean, we didn’t really see any revenue. That’s all future opportunity for us. And I think one of the areas that Avantor is strong is in the research area, Academia and Government, and this will help us even cover that market even broader than we do today.
Bob McMahon: We did not, but what we did say is, we would expect strong double-digit growth. I’ll leave it at that. Yes, what I can tell you is we exited at a run rate that was higher than the - if you took our $225 million that we talked about and divided by four, our runrate was higher than that.
Bob McMahon: Yes. In short, we are running 24/7 at both our Frederick facility, as well as our Boulder facility, which was a legacy facility. And we are – I feel very good about our ability to continue to expand capacity. What Brian and team have been able to do is increase both throughput, as well as yield. And so, that’s really helped us drive additional capacity with the existing footprint or the existing manufacturing facility.  And the Train B, as we talked about has the opportunity to add more than $100 million of incremental volume coming online starting at the end of this - our fiscal - our calendar 2022.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Sure, Dan. So I’ve used - been using this order the last several years of the build and buy growth strategy. So, we are still very interested on the buy element of fueling future growth and for example, in this past year, we did the Res Bio acquisition really got us into liquid biopsy and really allows us to play to our strengths that we already have from our CDx and IHC business.  So, we are going to look for continued opportunities such as those where you are in higher growth markets than the total company average, where they can really benefit by being part of Agilent and where they have differentiated technology and differentiated teams. We will stay in our lane, so to speak, on valuations. Let’s - I’d say, the - you know that’s better than I do, perhaps, Dan. The market is still very robust. We are very active. And we just want to make sure that the deal works for our shareholders. But deploying capital for M&A is part of our story going forward and it’s all upgrade.
Bob McMahon: Yes. So, I’ll start with the cell analysis business and I’ll bring in Jacob here, because it has just done a fantastic job and it’s really continued the momentum that we saw at the beginning - throughout 2020. So, it ended just short of $400 million for the full year and it grew in the mid-20s. And I would expect us to looking forward if we think about where the market is headed and the fundamental demand there, that will be growing double-digits for sure going forward. And as I mentioned before, the beauty of that business is, it’s right ingrained with where the research and technologies are going and where a lot of money is being put in. But it’s also an extremely well run and profitable business for us.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Jack, that’s a great question and what I would say is, if we look at where our there is different kinds of CapEx, and it’s not all created equal. But the reason that it’s being increased is really to fund that growth and capacity expansion, whether that be Train B and NASD or the capacity expansions in places like genomics and cell analysis and I would say, given our growth trajectory in those areas, I would expect us to continue at probably an elevated level to incorporate that growth. As Mike said, we’ve got this buy and build strategy and that’s part of the build strategy and it has paid off in spades with NASD. And what I would say is, we are not – there is more letters in the alphabet than B. It doesn’t end at B. But what I would say is, there is - we are going to be prudent about it, but also be aggressive about going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think you’re spot on, Catherine. It’s the former, not the latter. Think about it as a higher end and that’s where, I would say, if we think about where our opportunities for upside are, are in the instrumentation business and continuing the strong momentum that we’ve seen. Now we are also going up against, I think, a 15% core growth rate year-on-year.  But we feel very good about the momentum in that business, particularly in the areas that you just talked about in Chemical and Energy and in Pharma. We continue to believe that the pharma business coming out of COVID is structurally a higher growth market and as we continue to place our focus on the biopharma or the large molecule, if you look at that throughout 2021, that was a much - growing much faster than the overall pharma business. And so, we would expect that - we feel very good about that business going forward.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think what we are seeing right now, Tycho, is moving from truly research into the development area. And then, that will then lead into the QA/QC. So, I think you see a multi-step process here and so, as Jacob said, it’s just early days here from that standpoint. And - but making great progress across all three of those kind of sub-businesses and have high hopes for that to continue.
Mike McMullen: Not at all. What I would say, the one big change is the business is doing even better than we had communicated at December of last year. So really appreciate the question. As you know, in my – we’ve been talking about the new capacity coming online and that’s still gone right per schedule, in fact, we distributed earlier last week and that’s still to come on online by the end of calendar 2022.  But I think the team has just done a fabulous job, which is we are going to be able to grow double-digit in 2022 even without the new capacity, because they are able to continue to drive process improvements of broader book of business and larger batches. So the business is really on fire. I mean we are very, very happy with it. 
Mike McMullen: Yes. I have met Bob the other day, Vijay that a year ago we are talking about could we fill out the factory? Could it ramp and we’ve blown right through that. 
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think, what I would say is, first of all, I think our guidance is prudent given the beginning of the year. If we saw continued, greater than expected disruptions in the supply chain that may impact demand, particularly in some of the applied markets that could do it.  Although we haven’t seen that, to be very clear, Dan. We feel very good about where we are given our forecast and backlog. So we are – I would say are, we have bias towards the upside in our forecast as opposed to bias towards the downside. 
Mike McMullen: Yes. It’s a great question and the team continues to do a great job under Padraig’s leadership here to do that both at the purchase and then on the ongoing aftermarket. What I would say is, right now, if you look at the overall attach rate, it’s probably in the mid-20s right now. And if you look at the attach rates year-on-year, we saw very nice growth on the new placements.  So, all the new instruments that Jacob and team have been able to sell, that’s why we feel very good about the ACG business going forward. So, we still have a long way to go there in terms of opportunity across both the services as well as the consumables. Some of our competitors are higher than that and so we’ve got aspirations that are well above that mid 20s.  And Dan, I just like to make sure this clear, we are not making this change because we were dissatisfied with the improvements in that connect rates. This is icing on top of the cake before that accelerated as we look to balance span of control and business responsibilities with the real driver was the one commercial – creation of the one commercial organization.  And I think this is a nice secondary benefit that we are actually going to get, we think even more focus and header alignment between our product development groups on the CSD side and instrument side. 
Mike McMullen: Yes. I think this is – let me start, Bob, you can jump in on this. So, I think when we talk about environmental and forensics, I think it’s a tale of two cities. So, buried in that number is a decline in forensics and I think that’s probably really tied to governments prioritizing other investments in this COVID-19 world.  The demand is not there. I think relative to China, it’s been more about priorities. Right now, they are shifting some of their priorities towards the pharma and other COVID-19 related type investments. So, I think that’s probably, I mean…
Mike McMullen: And thanks for jumping in on that, Bob, because we still are very, very confident about our ability to grow environment builds in China I think it’s well known the government’s real emphasis on continuing to make improvements in the quality of life of citizens. 
Mike McMullen: Yes. Sure, Patrick. So, yes, so we are seeing really good end market demand for and I think Bob highlighted a lot of those like the advanced materials or chemicals. It really speaks to the overall recovery economically on a global basis and the fact that this in particular, this customer base had deferred a lot of investments for some period of time.  So, they are in a reinvestment mode and we have pretty good visibility to the funnel. So, I think we probably got at least a six month lead view on what’s coming down on instrument purchases. So, we are feeling really good about the C&E business as well as there is the ACG story here as well of where we are continuing to increase services in this segment, which has historically been more of a self-maintainer kind of market, as well as the chemistries and consumables side.  So, I think we’ve got pretty good visibility, given our confidence and be able to put this kind of number out there in a full year guide at this point in time. Bob, anything else you’d add to that? I know we spend a lot of time talking about this.
Mike McMullen: Well, I am going to pass it to Bob here in a second, but let me really clear in terms of our language. When I use supply chain, that means material constraints and then we have logistics. I think, of the issues that Bob, the transit times was really logistics issue. In terms of our ability to get product to customers and get the raw materials, we feel pretty good about what’s been going on there so.
Mike McMullen: I am going to – great question. I am going to pass that to our expert on this topic. Jacob, maybe you want to talk about what’s going on in the LC/MS front.
Mike McMullen: Yes. So, I think part of the story, Josh, is new customers, right, particularly on the biopharma side and also doing very well on the refresh side with existing customers.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Hey, thanks for noticing that we had worked with Michael’s team and have a real agreement we are really excited about. And I’m actually going to pass it over to Agilent’s new Commercial Officer to his view on that question. Go ahead, Padraig.
Mike McMullen: And Paul, it’s hard to put an exact percentage on the question. But we wouldn’t be doing it if it was on the margin.
Mike McMullen: Yes, thanks for that question. It was hard to explain it in the call narrative. But as Bob mentioned, our Q4 exit rate is higher than the full year number.
Mike McMullen: I think it’s a check for each one of the things you listed there. But the number one reason why we are doing is to drive more growth. And it’s just a natural evolution of the transformation in the sales force. I started a number of years ago. And it really points to the fact that we have this broad-based portfolio that’s selling into the same customer base.  And why have two separate sales forces and have to go do the coordination between across sales forces, and then the big push that we made over the last several years in terms of digital, this allow us, I believe, to even go faster on realizing our digital ambitions. And then you’ve got the voice of the customer will be right in the CEO’s staff and on Padraig’s table, the Head of the service delivery organization. So, everything relative to the customer facing that we do in this company will be under one leader. We just think it’s going to find ways to accelerate our growth, increase our customer satisfaction, and I think as we push more and more of our business because customers want to buy that way through digital, it will have a natural knock-on effect of efficiency gains in the P&L.
Mike McMullen: Well, Catherine, we are always looking for new drivers of growth that would make sense for Agilent to be directly involved in. So, nothing to report for 2022. We’ve got a handful of adding different additional letters, if you will to the all that we serve in NASD. But never say never to the thesis of your question.
Mike McMullen: Yes. Hey, and Tycho, maybe just a follow-up, if I looked at our business in China for DGG for the year, it grew in the 30s, and it was actually in excess of that for Q4. So, it had very positive momentum and CDx is roughly $100 million, ex the Res Bio acquisition.
Mike McMullen: A similar flow that we’ve seen in pharma for years, right, which is starting in our R&D then works its way into QA/QC. 
Mike McMullen: And, Tycho, I think we’ve built this great business through a series of acquisitions and the way we integrate into it making one business. And this would be an area of obviously future focus for us on the M&A front, as well.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Thanks for that, Mike and I am sure that things got with now that you see the consumables product where it is, so we can truly build out end-to-end solutions that will really drive customer expectations and I think Padraig and the team have over the past few years in fact shown that the design end consumables can really drive a tremendous connect rates. So I think that already shown the path forward and now all being completely into LSAG, we can really accelerate that. 
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Thanks, Mike. It’s something to be proud of and I am – I feel really good where we are right now. As you said, we are growing very strongly. As I can see, when I look into the market, we are in a very strong position versus our competition also. And just a reminder, we - a few quarters ago, we did announced that we have expanded our Bio LC portfolio substantially. So we really have the full range of Bio LCs out there.  But we also have 2D-LCs and also online LCs to really drive growth in that area. So a Bio LC really came timely with all the investment that goes into large molecules right now. So I truly believe we have momentum and we’ll continue with that over the next period of time.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes. Certainly, Mike and as you mentioned, we had great success with our new Ion Mobility, 6560C that we launched here at ASMS and we had a fantastic worker and user meeting also that was rally all subscribed. But as you also speak to, we had tremendous traction on our triple core and single cord businesses.  And particularly in the biopharma space, we see a lot of smaller accounts also coming live, small mid-sized accounts that are starting to build up their capabilities within the analytical instruments business. So we see a lot of tremendous momentum there. But obviously, also the big accounts that is more in the refresh mode.
Jacob Thaysen: Yes, thanks for that. It’s a really good question. Obviously it’s something I’d really like talk about. The cell analysis business has been super successful in the past years and our focus on the immuno-oncology space has really paid off. We continue to see opportunities there and we continue to see that our portfolio of being able to measure live cells is required to really drive the research forward.  So where we really see the opportunities is, is in the - between biopharma and also the academic markets there, that’s where we see the biggest and the biggest momentum going forward. While we have seen here in the past period of time also that the diagnostic business, particularly with our flow cytometry is picking up good speed, but, I would say, the main opportunity sits in the biopharma space.
Jacob Thaysen: On the bioprocessing, yes, we see a big opportunity in the bioprocessing space, both for our Cell Analysis business, but also for our Analytical Instrument business. So, I think that’s something we will continue to invest in going forward.
Sam Raha: Yes. Hey. Thanks, Mike. In terms of Q4, whereas the revenue came in a little bit below expectations and that’s driven in part by COVID-19 related delays in clinical trial enrollment. Overall, the interest that we are seeing both from our existing customers on the pharma side that we’ve been doing I see work with, as well as new customers that’s very, very real.  In fact, we’ve now signed an agreement which is our first with a large existing customer giving evidence to the interest that’s there in terms of the work that we are doing on the PMAs. These are approvals related to existing agreements with our Resolution Bioscience business. We are making good progress on that.  And so, lot of the momentum in a number of areas. So, very pleased to have them as part of our business to really bring together the strategy we’ve had which is to be the companion diagnostic development and commercialization partner leveraging multiple modalities including immunohistochemistry and next-generation sequencing. 
Sam Raha: Yes, happy to, Mike. Tycho, thanks for the question. We’ve had another, just overall for our pathology business, the former Dako business, if you will, a really good quarter, including in China. And you may be referring, Tycho, to the buy China requirements that we are all aware of that are happening specifically to our former Dako business, if you will.  The relative unique position, particularly with PD-L1 and having a minimal number of local competitors really differentiates us. So, we haven’t felt really pressure from the buy China impacting our business. But we have continued to see really good interest not only in PD-L1 companion diagnostics that brought more broadly speaking in China for our diagnostic products.
Sam Raha: Yes, we do. I mean, we registered that almost exactly two years ago, becoming the first-ever companion diagnostic in China. And it’s doing well for us there in China. We’ve actually now trained over 400 different pathologists throughout China to utilize our companion diagnostics.
