Mike McMullen: Yes, let me start with, Bob. So again, thanks for the earlier comments, Vijay. So how to characterize our Q1 guide is positive, but we're using a very prudent approach, and that we got a lot of confidence in that in terms of we're reinstating the guidance, and we had very good momentum in Q4, and we looked at the backlog, we feel very confident about reinstating guidance, but the virus is still out there, and we still think there's still a higher level of uncertainty that calls for a prudent approach, so hence the positive but prudent approach. If it turns out better we'd be -- we'd love to be in a position of being able to raise our outlook for the year, but we thought for the first guide for the year, including Q1, and we should take a positive and prudent approach, this is recognizing that the virus is still out there. Bob, I don't know if you'd like to add anything to that.
Mike McMullen: Hey, Bob -- thanks for the questions, Vijay. How about I take the first part, and then you can take the second part. So that's not out of the realm of reason, your first question in terms of the longer-term potential total revenue for Agilent. We kind of put a teaser out there earlier about our December analyst and investor day, so we'll talk a bit more about NASD when we meet, but as you know, we are really pleased with -- and we've talked about in the past in terms of getting to that exit rate of over $200 million business, and while our capacity in terms of the physical capacity is built, we're now just finishing up the first year of operations, so we're -- just like we did with our Boulder site continue to find ways to drive more productivity and efficiency out of that asset, and we just announced another expansion of another production line within that existing facility. So I hope what you're hearing is a very bullish tone, both in terms of the market growth but also our ability to get our -- more of our unfair share, if you will, to the capital share in a growing market.
Mike McMullen: Yes, Bob, I could just jump into that, just amplify the point, Puneet, that Bob made. We're very, very happy with our China business, and we exited the year with momentum, and that's carrying forward into 2021. We're positioning ourselves with a wait-and-see moment on C&E, and that could be a source of upside for the year, and like I said earlier, we're fully prepared to reflect that in a revised outlook, and I would just use the word, maybe, prudent as a way to describe as the adjective Bob and I have been using to describe our guide.
Mike McMullen: Yes, and hey, Puneet, just one thing because you mentioned China, and we see really China as a huge opportunity for us going forward. The real growth has been primarily in the U.S. and Europe. I mean it's growing in China as well, but it's off a very small base. So when we think about the opportunities going forward, leveraging the large infrastructure that Agilent has is really a big opportunity for us for many, many years to come in the cell analysis space.
Mike McMullen: Yes, sure, happy to do so, Tycho, and without giving away too many of the tidbits that I want to talk about more -- in more depth in a few weeks. There was no catch-up here. This is part of this continued strength in the biopharma area. It's an area of focus, and we'll go into some more detail with you in a few weeks, but it's an area of focus in terms of increased investments relative to our biopharma tools, but the instrumentation along with chemistry platform, a real workflow focus there across the whole value chain, but we're getting growth, as you mentioned earlier, NASD, but that's -- the story is much bigger, and bigger, and that's to be honest with you. And then, obviously, we're picking up some growth here in the cell analysis. So I think it's really a multifaceted strategy that really driving this growth. We think it's sustainable. We think a double-digit outlook on the biopharma portion of Agilent's business is quite reasonable. We're really excited, and it's an investment priority for us.
Mike McMullen: Yes, thanks Tycho. So, my comments come back from my first year as a CEO when I tried to call the trend of the C&E business, and eventually it turned out I think it was all by several quarters. So I learned my lesson, so to speak. So as Bob mentioned, one quarter trend does not make but we're very encouraged by that, because it's the first time we've seen some growth after those two double-digit declines earlier this year. And we look at a couple of things, Tycho one is the PMIs and the positive moves in the PMIs are indicative of improved end market strength, particularly in C&E, we also look at what we estimate to be the age of the installed base, because a lot of aged equipment out there, and that's been probably at very high levels, and then we look at the deal flow. So, kind of all those factors, the macro outlook from PMIs what we know to be the current environment for customers in terms of the age of their installed base, and then also overseen in our funnels, and you know, Agilent has a real strength in this market. So I think we will benefit from returned to growth, again we're not ready yet to put it into numbers for Q1 in the full-year, but we're hopeful that that trend will continue. There're some indications that it could, but let's give it another quarter or so.
Mike McMullen: Yes, no, Tycho really appreciate you asking that question because not at all, I mean, this has been a continuing steady flow of business. We think the end markets are really strong here. We see a lot of strength in China Government funding to make sure they stimulate the economy, and then we talked earlier about just overall their investments in improving the quality of life, you noticed the strong growth in the food market, continued strength in pharma. So no, we've seen this. Now, I think we really look closely at the pacing and it's all nothing unusual.
Mike McMullen: Happy to see you, Brandon. So, one of the reasons why we were able to reinstate guidance this year was what we saw in the LSAG order book, and as you know, we stopped a few years ago talking about specifics around orders, but I think in today's call, it's really prudent for us to give you a sense of why Bob and I have this confidence around the outlook. So we didn't guessed as we ran across the finish line for 2020, order book was strong in LSAG and as continued into the fairly few weeks of this year. So again, all the other caveats aside being prudent and recognition of the virus, we feel pretty good about our ability to reinstate guideline because as we mentioned earlier reinstate guidance as mentioned earlier, LSAG was one where we hit the most early on the year, and I think we're feeling pretty good about that. And Bob, as I recall, most of the gross margin is really just a mix of the various instrument platforms.
Mike McMullen: Yes, Brandon, just one additional thought here which is, we've seen a real change in the price environment. So, that's why we can say pretty common that has happened to be the mix product this quarter.
Mike McMullen: Hi, Doug really appreciate the opportunity to have Jacob comment more deeply on that, but as you know, I highlighted that in my script, we were able to call out that double-digit growth. We're extremely proud of that. And Jacob, I think you've got some additional insights that you could share with Doug.
Mike McMullen: Yes. What I would say Doug, excuse me, Derik, is that we feel very good about our competitive positioning with OpenLab and the rest of our products.
Mike McMullen: Jack, great question. So, to our delight, it really hasn't seen them cause any kind of material shift. I mean, we're seeing -- in fact, I think Bob in his script, where we saw strength across small molecule and bio -- large molecule. Now the small molecule is not growing as fast as large molecules, it was growing, and…
Mike McMullen: No, no we continue to be very interested in deploying capital for growth standpoint along all the dimensions we talked about earlier. We said that the BioTek size deal, which we were really quite happy with that, that was largest deal we've done to-date. That doesn't mean that would be the largest deal we would do. We've always said, I think it was not magnitudes of delta, and although we didn't closed any deals this year, I think that really was somewhat tied into some of the COVID-19 challenges of doing due diligence and working with potential targets, but we still see this as a key part of our, what we call, our build and buy growth strategy, and think that M&A can be a nice attitude to our core growth businesses. So you guessed right, so we'll talk more about it in a few weeks. We still have aspirations in the space, but really sticking to the model, the framework that we've been using before, which is M&A in markets at a higher growth investor company that aligns strategically with us where they can benefit by our scale and are accretive to the P&L.
Mike McMullen: Yes, thanks, Steve. So, in regards to the first one, we probably talked about the flight to quality when money is tight, but we also think tied it to stability, and how we protected our overall field team and our ability to support our customers during the pandemic. So, I think those two things are going to carry us forward. So we think that the stickiness will remain there, and I don't think that the quality will fall out of fashion, and I think as you continue to grow your position in the installed base, it just gives you an upper hand in terms of next buy when they get around to making the next capital purchasing decision.
Mike McMullen: We think [some things] [ph] are going to stick. Particularly, as it relates to your digital engagement with customers, because there's a huge element of being responsive, and we think that digital cable is a big part of that story, and yes, it has been accelerated by COVID, but we don't think there's any going back either.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Vijay, I think a couple of things, you know, the thing that I would say is we didn't end the year with emptying the tank out, and feel really good about that, but that being said, we do have some business that is somewhat susceptible to some of these areas, and so we probably have greater visibility or variability in some of our diagnostics businesses. So, as Mike said, we're taking kind of prudent approach there, and the other area is we want to see more than just one quarter in the chemical and energy business. I think that's one of the areas where I think -- we think we're biased to the upside and the way we're kind of thinking about the business, but it's certainly with a recovery. We do expect some COVID tailwinds, to your point. It's probably on the order of roughly about one-and-a-half to two points, kind of consistent with what we've seen in the last -- the last several quarters. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Vijay, this is Bob. Just to build on that, what Mike talked about, the beauty of that business is it continues to accelerate throughout the year, and that 40% -- that roughly 40% in Q4 was the highest it was all year, and that team has done just a fantastic job of scaling that business, and we're not done, and as Mike said, we're making incremental investments in building out that capacity, which we'll continue to make throughout the course of next year. That is probably about a 20 basis point headwind next year and in the operating margin just rough numbers there, Vijay, but extremely pleased with the work that that team has been able to do, and continuing to drive that growth, and so we feel very good about that business.
Bob McMahon: Yes, that's a great question, Puneet, and as you accurately state, our expectation is the impact is going to be much less this year than it was last year for all the things that you just talked about, less travel, timing of when it is, and so forth, relative to Q1, and what we're seeing is actually very strong continued recovery and performance in our China business, and I would say that there's -- Q1 is no different, and so, the story there certainly remains in tact, and I would expect it to be very strong performance in Q1. I think what we're trying to do is there's nothing in particular, but I think we're just probably taking a little more prudent approach in Europe, and as we're seeing some of the shutdowns, particularly in some of these areas. And I think as we look at where are the things that could potentially be upsides or downsides, I think that continued recovery in chemical and energy across the business, also continued performance in Americas. We're expecting kind of an average budget flush, so to speak. That's another question that's probably -- if people are thinking about by -- for the end of the year and both of those things could be better than expected.
Bob McMahon: Yes, and Tycho, maybe if I can add to Mike's point, in terms of -- because it's not only the platforms in the portfolio that we have on the instrument basis, which we've been making some heavy investments in, but it's also been the informatics and the software piece, which is has allowed us to be able to kind of plug in to the labs, the analytical labs, and then you bring in the ACG services portfolio that helped them manage the labs, and particularly with everything that's going on right now, the last thing they want is their scientists to be managing the instrumentation. They want them to be doing the science, and so, we think we've got a very compelling software and tools offering, and I think it's showing up in the marketplace across multiple technology platforms really.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Tycho, I think we've been extraordinarily pleased with the way our China businesses performed throughout the course of this year, and when you think about kind of our cadence through Q1, Q2, Q3, and Q4, we've seen accelerated growth. So we saw our lowest growth in the first quarter where we saw the impact of COVID-19, but then what we've seen is improvements as opposed to this real huge increase, and then kind of a drop-off. So, we're not expecting any drop-off, and we haven't seen that in our order book or any of the conversations that we've had with our customers that there was sort of a material catch-up.
Bob McMahon: Yes, that's right. I mean, I think Brandon, to read what Mike is saying, I mean we feel very good, orders exceeded revenue and exceeded our expectations, and so, it was a bit of a mix shift that is impacting that, but we would expect that to kind of normalize out throughout the course of next year, and so, we feel very good about kind of where that business is going into 2021.
Bob McMahon: Yes, it was roughly about 40-ish, 45-ish on the COGS line, and some of that was offset through the bottom line, and for next year less impactful, much less impactful than that, probably less than about 10 points, 10 basis points.
Bob McMahon: Yes, so by at the highest level, we're expecting steady improvement throughout the course of the year from the standpoint of the economic perspective, if I think about it from a geography first, China's going to lead the way with high single-digit growth continuing the momentum that we've seen, we ended this year FY '20 about 7%, and we're expecting that or better into next year, and then what you would see as a recovery in the Americas getting back to kind of mid to high single-digits, and then followed by Europe, which would be kind of the low to mid single-digits. So that's kind of on an end market perspective, how we would think about it, it's predicated on that continued recovery, and that we would as I mentioned before, not have any extended periods of shutdown that would disrupt business. I think the good thing is what we're seeing not only ourselves, but our customers are being able to operate in a different environment than they had the first time these were shut down. So we're not expecting any material impact there, and from an end-market perspective, the strength is really going to be the continued strength that we've seen in the last several years really driven behind our pharma business, which is probably high single-digits with biopharma as one of the earlier questions came out, probably growing double-digits going forward. And then food, we'll probably expect maybe a little tempering, where it'd be great to have 16% every quarter, but we're not ready to put that into our plan, but I would expect continued recovery there probably in the mid-single-digits and also recovery in our diagnostics and clinical business, particularly in that same kind of mid-single-digits, and probably ramping throughout the course of the year, probably more muted on the academia, and government probably flattish to low, and as we talked about before chemical and energy flattish, but that's really one where we're hoping that we're biased, and there's more upside than downside here, but certainly given the momentum, but one quarter is too early to put a forecast on there, and so, we're assuming roughly flat and then probably recovery in the environmental and forensics market low-single-digits.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I'd say it's continued momentum, but I think that there's probably more upsides and downsides in the way that we're trying to capture that certainly exiting at a 6% growth rate, there are we're probably the biggest areas are around chemical and energy and the pace of recovery in academia and government, and if those continue, I would say - let me put it this way, if chemical and energy continued at 3% and growing, we'll be that number.
Bob McMahon: Yes, so China, high single-digits, maybe low double-digits based on the range that we gave you in terms of COVID what I would say is, we are expecting less incremental the growth, but certainly the things that you talked about are baked into our guidance. So more serology our antigen based testing or even vaccine driven volume is not fully baked into the numbers that we are -- it's just too early to tell, but those are certainly be things that are potential upsides, and then the last one, I know which was your second question around gross margin, I would expect it to stabilize and not see this the same level of decline. Now, what I would say is you will have some mix shifts, right, because our ACG business, which is lower gross margin than the instrument business, but much higher operating margin helps us with that. So, you do see a dampening effect on the gross margin side, but you will more than make up for it on the operating margin side.
Bob McMahon: Doug specific to COVID-19 we'll hit a little bit more of that when we have our Analyst Day, but we are planning to launch in early 2021 our serology test, and there are some things that we're working on that aren't baked into the guide. We'll see how that they play out.
Bob McMahon: Yes, actually a great question because we didn't highlight that, but actually when you look at sequential performance, that was one of the things that was very, very positive in the DDG business. It recovered very nicely into Q4, and maybe I'll let Sam talk about some of the details there.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Jack to give you some numbers, I mean for Q4 small molecule grew high single-digits, and for the year it grew low single-digits. So despite all the hoopla, small molecule is not dead.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I would say Patrick, just to build on what Mike was saying. I mean, we feel very good about the acquisitions that we made, the last two which was BioTek and ACEA were probably the fastest growing parts of our business, if you take out NASD, and so, I think it validates the space that we're looking at, and we don't see a reason to need to change our M&A framework.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I would agree with that, Mike, and I think that, you know, I think two things; one is, we were there when the customers needed us the most, and our team particularly in the field, helping support critical operations and so forth, and that flight to quality on the instrumentation side only pays dividends going forward. So, I think there is no -- there will be no follow-up there, I truly believe that. On the cost side, we're still working through some of those things, a big thing, probably the biggest variable here, and it's got a couple of different tentacles to it would be around travel, and I think we had talked about before at one point in time we're spending roughly $10 million a month in travel, and that that is down, I would say substantially, and our goal is that will be back to $10 million a month, and so, that doesn't say that we're going to necessarily drop it all to the bottom line, but reinvest in some areas that will drive growth going forward, but certainly those, and then there will be more efficient ways of doing things like marketing outreach to our customers, and even operating, one of the things is we still operated and launched new products, despite not having been in the labs for the most part for nine months out of the year, and so, our teams are finding innovative ways to continue to actually move things around without having to spend incremental dollars, so more to come on that.
Puneet Souda: Yes, hi, Bob and Mike. Thanks for taking the question. So, Bob, actually on one of the question on guidance, and this is probably a favorite topic for you, the Chinese Lunar New Year.
Puneet Souda: That time of the year. So, this time, obviously, you are seeing how the troops are acting on the ground, how things are there, and I would suspect it would be a lesser impact this year, lesser travel, but correct me if I'm wrong on that, and then in light of that, I mean the guidance again appears conservative. Is there anything that we ought to keep in mind for a market that is growing double-digit for you already, and is a sizable portion of your revenue? So just walk us through how are you thinking about the Lunar New Year impact here.
Puneet Souda: Okay, that's -- no, that's very helpful, thanks, and if I could get a sense on the -- in the cell analysis business, that business continues to be really strong for you, BioTek, [indiscernible] horse, other products in that product line, just wanted to get a sense of what are some of the key drivers there, is it largely the cell and gene therapy, the cellular product and drug product market, or is there something in the academic end that is driving that growth or specifically in China? Would appreciate and helping frame what's exactly happening there, and the opportunity there longer-term.
