Christopher D. Kastner: Yes, approximately 12 months. And we've been holding that risk for a while on our financials. So there's no financial impact related to it. That impact is driven by some issues in the supply chain and some major equipment in the bottom of the ship, but no financial impact related to it. And the team's doing their best to mitigate the impact. The good news on that is we do have some EPA protection, which mitigates it a bit. But the team's focused on it and they're going to do their best to mitigate the impact going forward.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes. So, we evaluate our EACs on all our programs on a quarterly basis and take appropriate adjustments up or down as we see fit. I continue to believe that there's opportunity in Block V. As we transition out of the Block IV boats and get into Block V, we should have some upside. But I wouldn't comment on our partner's accounting, but I'm very comfortable with where we're at.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes. So I fully expect incremental improvement in shipbuilding margins as we move forward. It's all about transitioning out of the Block IV boats in Newport News and the Block V and continuing to improve in Newport News. So the story hasn't really changed quarter-to-quarter. Newport News continues to stabilize. Labor is good. Hiring is good. We still need to work on retention. But I'm comfortable with where we're at.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes. To support that, Doug, it's absolutely 796 needs to get delivered, that boat is essentially complete, which need to get to trials, 798 needs to float off and then 29 needs to continue to complete their test program and get through their trial efforts. So, it's going to be a race to completion on 29, but we're fine with where we are now.
Christopher D. Kastner: Well, Columbia-class, as you know, we only build 22% to 23% of that, both the [bells] (ph) and the sterns. It'll grow at an importance at Newport News and provide a good source of growth, but how we perform on the VCS program is going to really dictate how Newport News does in the long run. The Columbia-class is important work. It's high priority work, but it really won't dictate a margin performance going forward in Newport News.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes. So, we don't provide our retention rates. We're meeting or actually beating our hiring forecast for the year. So, feel good with, where we are there. The second -- what was your second question again? I'm sorry.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes. So, we talk about three to five years, the interesting stuff. Some of the interesting things we have going on in Newport News is digital shipbuilding, which we think will increase the time to talent. But we generally think three to five years and we can accelerate that with some of our digital tools.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes, we absolutely expect it eventually to flow through. We – office is very important to us. We actually see that as an opening of markets, right? It's an opening of markets in the U.K. and Australia. We think in the short term here, it's really not material financially, but funds could flow next year in important areas like workforce development, supply chain assessment, infrastructure support. We're following the Navy's lead on this. They absolutely are being very methodical, in how they think through this, but we're, we're standing ready to support them and look forward to. But it's really from top line standpoint, it's more of a medium to long-term opportunity, but we need to make sure that we're taking the steps now to ensure that we're prepared for.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes. It's just timing, George. As you know, from time-to-time, we're you get receipts flowing sooner than you expect. The team's working very hard on working capital. It's a focus for us. I'll let, Tom go into specifics.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes, this is Chris. I'll start and then Tom can complete, if we need to here, but they were the DDG 51 really solidifies Ingalls based for the next few years and creates a very stable business down at Ingalls. And we don't give growth rates by division. But what we're seeing is a bit of an inflection point from a topline standpoint, both in shipbuilding and Mission Technologies, I don't want to get in front of it, we'll wait till the end of the year before we can communicate that. But, well, I think we're in a pretty good place. Growth has shown up in shipbuilding. It's driven by the supply chain and stabilization of labor. And then Mission Technologies is just winning stuff. They're converting their re-competes, they're converting new business, all end markets that we think are very strong. So yes, it's a bit of an inflection point. We're going to talk a lot more about that after we get to the end of the year because we want to close the year strong. But we feel pretty positive about growth going forward.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yeah. So, Emily, this is Chris. We don't expect real surprise pop ups from a maintenance standpoint. We expect fairly consistent revenue for maintenance at Newport News. At Ingalls, we'll be opportunistic if we see stuff that we could potentially participate in. But right now, it's not in their forecast other than the work we're doing on DDG 1000, which is really not maintenance. It's upgrades.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes. So Gautam, it'll be a race to the finish on 29. We need to get through the final trials, get in serve in, get it approved and delivered. There's some sensitivity, obviously, as we come through the final, throws on that ship from an EAC standpoint. And then a lot will depend on how much work remains subsequent to delivery. I don't have a specific range for you, but we tend to, as you know, we tend to risk adjust our opportunities as we flow towards the end of the year and LPD 29 is right in the middle of that risk profile.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes. I don't want to comment on that. There's a lot of variables go into that that range, Gautam. LPD 29 is one of those variables.
Christopher D. Kastner: Yes. So we're not going to give specifics on improvement in 2024. We'll give that on our year-end call. But I do continue to expect improvement. I just think it's a bit premature. Let's get through the end of the year, see how we close-up, close strong, and then we'll give you information on the year-end call.
Christopher D. Kastner: Sure. Thanks for joining us on the call. Before we wrap up, I'd like to note that we'll be hosting Investor Day on March 20th in New York. So, be on the lookout for more information. Thanks again for your interest in HII and joining us on today's call.
Thomas E. Stiehle: Hey, Doug. Yes, it's Tom here. So, yes, we have been consistent throughout the year here saying that the shipbuilding milestones were in the back half of the year, specifically for Newport News. We have two large milestones here in the 796, delivery and then the 798 float off. So, that's going to be a driver on the back half of the program. And there's a lot of focus down there. Chris, has talked about the hiring and the attrition that we're doing, the extra training, the operating system that we've added down there. Think as COVID becomes further in the rearview mirror against the portfolio of contracts that we have right there. And opportunity sets are bound as we finish off the ships that were impacted to start new ships. Although we saw them up at a lower level, that incremental margin improvement story exists especially at Newport News. But specifically, just on Q4, I think for the last 13 weeks of the year, it's continued performance on the ships that we have here. And kind of hitting the milestones I just described, ensuring that we're getting progress and watching, the heads we have on the programs, and keeping the rework in check.
Thomas E. Stiehle: Yes. So specifically here on 2023, what we've seen is some good performance on Mission Technologies, both topline and the cash collections. And how they're performing in the MBSS. So, that is positive. Also, just kind of hitting on milestones right now, is adds, to the free cash flow at the end of the year, as well as we've come through the COVID repay with our customer set. We've worked ourselves through strategy and algorithm, how that applies to the contract. And that was a couple of dollars there too. So, that's the confidence in the lift that we went from the midpoint of 425 to 500 for this year. As I've been pretty consistent on our five year target, the guiding light from mid-year this year through the end of next year is $1.2 billion. So, we brought this year up to 75. A piece of that, as I said, is the retentions with the COVID. So, that was just timing anyway between ’23 and ‘24. If you notice between $5 and now $700 next year now from $780, it's still the $1.2 billion. I think there's tailwinds against that as we finish out this year. And opportunity sets kind of going forward, but we didn't want to get ahead of ourselves. So we maintained a $1.2 billion target here. Okay.
Thomas E. Stiehle: I think, the three remaining milestones are all important for us to kind of get into the range. And, we're watching them as Chris, has a pathway on each of the three here. 796 is ready to go. I think we're just waiting for transfer that ship. 798 should float off before the end of the year. And LPD 29, we've been saying since the beginning of the year that it's just a race to, align up the final tasks, the ship to see in serve approving the ship, and then we see that whether that happens in December, the end of December or at the beginning of next year, those three are pretty significant milestones as they play out as we go forward here. I think opportunity sets on there may be a little EPA adjustment as we've seen rates high, and then just the consistent performance seen, we've seen some settling of performance over the last couple of quarters. So, I think that will play out. ‘23 is opposite on ‘22 where we started off really hot and heavy in the first couple of quarters. But, this isn't a surprise for us that Q4 was going to be a big quarter for us. And, I think we're in the lane right now to kind of we're reaffirming our guidance there on profitability for shipbuilding between [indiscernible].
Thomas E. Stiehle: Yes, Seth, I’ll hop on the back of that too. I'm pretty happy with what I'm seeing down at Ingalls there. You know, NSC, we delivered NSC 10, so there's one more ship set there. We've talked about how that portfolio can sustain itself and still get 3%, 3% plus potentially if things break their way on just the three major programs down there. We've seen that with the DDGs, the seven DDGs on contract, and now more most recently in August timeframe, they received the seven more there. So, they know what they're building over the next decade. They can line that up from a planning, a labor resource and material perspective, and that's going to kind of really help them drive consistent performance in production down there. Also on top of that, we've seen a maturation of the 1000 program, the DDG 1000 program. So we put, the, first of, there's two on contract, we put the first monetization on contract earlier this year. All three of those ships will be down there over the next two to three years going through an 11 to 12 month modernization process. And that's a good base for them to employ the workforce there too. So I see, good healthiness even with the NSC program sun setting for Ingalls, to hit the 3% guided that we've had through 2023 and going forward. Yes.
Thomas E. Stiehle: Yes. So I think it's just a little premature. Obviously, we have some tentative plans right now. We work ourselves through the final planning process for ‘24 and on at the end of this year. We bring that to our internal management and Board here. Once we get that kind of solidified, I'd really like to take a look to see at the actuals at the end of the year, we've talked about those milestones, which we anticipate to hit in Q4, but they just get trickle into Q1. If that does, it would change the shape. So I wouldn't want to get ahead of myself. But, we still maintain the same thesis here of expectation of incremental margin improvement. We think, I mentioned earlier with COVID getting further behind us, us putting the energy into hiring, extra training, retention. The material seems like it's stabilized. It's not where we want it to be, but we have to get that improve, with the maturation of the workforce, anticipation of less rework, the roll over or the portfolio of the existing ships that have increased EACs and scheduled extensions. There's a lot of positiveness kind of going into the follow on years here. And I would anticipate that to grow for shipbuilding. On the Mission Technology side, we've talked about still scaling that business. We've seen some fantastic growth going on the topline. And we have some work to go do and how we get our margins higher there, a little bit more on the fixed price instead of just, at 85% in cost type, additional technology, which should be able to have us deploy IP technology, more products, a little bit more products and services. That should be able to put a premium on what we bid and what we achieve there. So, I would expect, improvement in the margin and at the Q4 call in February we'll give you the shape of next year.
