Michael Petters: Yes. I think it's a good question. We're at the point now in the process where we really need to go to contract. And we've been working very hard with our partners at General Dynamics and with the Navy to fashion a contract that makes sense of the authorization that's out there, the appropriation that's out there and where we see the challenges in the business are going to be. And so I think we're on track for that. And as we said, we're going to -- we're heading to get to a contract by the end of the year. My personal view is that I think, the authorizers have been pretty clear that the more submarines, no matter how many submarines we have, we're going to want more. And I think that the appropriators have tried to balance that with the other priorities that they have. And as a result in our contract negotiations with the Navy, we've worked hard to make sure that we provide good value for the contract. And I think that we're going to create a contract here that's going to have -- that's going to be able to address all of that.
Michael Petters: That's a good question. We did sort of go back and do a deep dive into this and try to understand why parts of the business, there are pockets that were handling execution really well, and there were pockets that weren't and we had some inconsistencies there. And so what we're doing at this point is, we're expanding and basically developing a comprehensive operating system that would be the standard protocol for all of the programs that we have in the company. And it's kind of interesting to think that you can have a structure, but then when it gets all the way to the waterfront, it starts to move around a little bit. And so we're going to put some more discipline and scratch into that. And we're on track for it.
Michael Petters: Yes. So that's a really complex set of questions there, Myles. So the -- I think that most of the news has been recently around the Ford and how that pertains. There comes a point in time in these ships, where it becomes important for the Navy to begin to operate. I mean, if you think of the aircraft carrier is a city of 5,000 people with all of the functions that go on in the city, including its own airport, there comes a point in time where the city has to operate even if there are things that still need to be done. And so that's how you get to a delivery of the ship to let the Navy go operate it. In the course of that, there's stuff that comes up that we need to go back and work on.Our contract arrangements allow us to engage with that and pursue it. The normal track for the delivery of a ship is the ship will deliver, the Navy will go operate it for a while. It will come back to the shipyard for a post-shakedown availability. In the case of a lead ship, especially the case of the Ford, where you are developing. A lead ship is not -- it's not an incremental change in technology. It's usually 3 or 4 generations of change in technology. And so as you try to accommodate and develop those new technologies and move them into a production environment, you have to be agile and flexible on how you're going do balance that with the need for the Navy to operate the ship. So that's the way that we have proceeded across the whole range of technologies that we have out there. Some of that work will continue under the base construction contract. Some of that work, if it's complete, will be then covered in case of a warranty. And some of that becomes new scope and becomes a contract change. And it all just depends on the maturity of the technology and the item that we're talking about.
Michael Petters: Yes. That's a good question. A lot of complexity in that question. Some of the challenges that have come up with Virginia-class was where we expanded the production rate from 1 submarine a year to 2 submarines a year. That required -- requires workforce enhancement and development. We fought through some challenges regarding sequester on the front-end of that program, which handicapped I think the program some. We had to -- you may recall, we had to go through some personnel reductions in Newport News before we had to start back into the program.We also were coming out of the block. It took a long time to negotiate the contract and we're probably a little slow to buy material, which -- that also affected the schedule. But what's happening in the program today, that's kind of a coming out of the block, the start a gun went off. And I'm not sure we were at sprint speed at the very beginning. But where we are today is, we're actually ramping right into that production rate. We're seeing tremendous learning in our teams. The teams are mature. We've invested in facilities to expand their capacity and we've reflected that as we've gone to negotiate the Block V contract. So I'm pretty comfortable with where we are on the submarine program today. We went through a little bit of a tough period there with all of those moving parts, but I think we're on -- that's behind us at this point. And now it's just a matter of going out and prosecuting the learning curves and continuing to prove on that every single day.
Michael Petters: Well, the previous milestones we provided in Q2 for 2019 are all on schedule. We expect those to happen over the balance of the year and we'll provide an update for 2020 on our year-end call.
Michael Petters: Well, we're still working our way through getting that contract. So I think I want to talk less about the specifics of that contract. We expect that to be done by the end of this year. And the shape of that contract I think will be a good balance for all of the folks that are interested and involved in it. I think that the most important thing from my standpoint is that the early on challenges in Block IV, we think are a really behind us, and we're moving ahead. And that sets up Block V very well for us.
Michael Petters: Well, shock trial is still part of the cycle between where we are today and where the shape would go to its initial full-scale deployment. The question you've answered -- you've asked about what happens, there is a whole lot of data taken during the shock trial that has to be analyzed. It's almost you have to kind of say what kind of assumptions do you want to make. It's not really going to be a case of the ship passed or failed the shock trials. It's really going to be on a frame-by-frame, component-by-competent, how did the ship react to the shock and then is that okay, or is there something that we're going to be required to do to make it better. And that's part of the process. We've been through these before and there is a pretty well-understood process for getting the ship ready for the trial, executing the trial and then analyzing the data and recovering it from the trial and getting onto deployment. I would just point out that typically, the trial is not done on the lead ship, the trial is done on the second or third ship of the class to allow the maturity to go into place. So this is unique. But that's okay. We'll -- whatever path the Navy wants to go down, we're happy to be a partner with them and assist them along that path.
Michael Petters: I don't know how to handicap that quite frankly. The change over the change from the lead ship to the follow-on ships are not usually in the whole mechanical or electrical places and they're going to be more in the component system places. And so I don't know how to really kind of broad-brush that one.
Michael Petters: Let me start with the second one first. The overall outlook for ship maintenance is that there's more maintenance to be done than there is really capacity right now in the system to do it. And so the Secretary, the Assistant Secretary, the CNO, the industry have been working hard to try to figure out how do you get more readiness per dollar because maintenance translates into readiness in terms of language.How do you get more maintenance? How do you get more readiness per dollar in the next period of time? And there's been some creativity brought to, maybe we contract a little bit differently, maybe we bundle contracts, maybe we do more planning, lots of those kinds of ideas that are being talked around at the working level that frankly, are coming from the secretary's push for, let's get this right. And to the Navy's credit, they've gone out and they've looked at other industries that have large fleets, and they've asked them how do they do it. So -- and we're deeply involved in that discussion with the Navy on how can we support that. Relative to the carriers, I think, the carriers are part of that discussion. And in a couple of those cases, we are assisting in helping get the Navy -- helping the Navy through this little bit of a crunch to get ships in a place where they can deploy. We're first ready to help them in any way we can.
Michael Petters: Yes. So we're not seeing anything yet. If it moves into Q2 next year, it could become an issue. But we're not seeing any impact as of yet.
Michael Petters: Well. There was a four structure assessment done four years ago that we could see the -- we could actually see ahead of that assessment. We could see that operating tempo of the Navy was higher than the structure that the Navy had to support it. And we anticipated that there would be some expansion. We're now at a place where there have been a lot of new ships put under contract. And I think that the opportunity now is, as we're building up this capacity in the industry, do we have the opportunity to kind of rethink through the -- we're can we create new future capability. And I know that maybe leadership has been thinking really hard about that. I think the Marine Core has been thinking really hard about that.We're engaged in those discussions, and we stand by to assist in any way that we can in ways that make sense. I think there is a very strong recognition in the Navy that you just can't go and make a hard left turn or a hard right turn because the Navy is so dependent upon its industry for its capacity. And I think Navy leadership has a very mature understanding of that. And so we think that the -- sitting here today with a record backlog of production for the next few years, it is the time for us to think about what's the next phase of shipbuilding look like? What are those ships going to look like? What are the amphibs going to look like? What are the carriers look like? And I think that's going to be a very positive discussion for the nation. And I think the industry, at least for HII's part, we stand ready to help go make that happen.
Michael Petters: Well, we are using them now. This is not a role in implementation. We're using these product on CVN 80 now, and we're very pleased with how they're being utilized and the results that we're saying. That being said, there were -- we assume some of those savings in 80 and 81 contracts. So we're very pleased with how it's going. We look at how they're being developed and how they're being implemented on a very recurring basis. So we look forward to implementing a lot of 80, 81, and actually, on the Columbia-class as well.
Michael Petters: Yes. There's a lot in that question. We planted a lot of seeds over in the TS area to see what sprouts. And right now, we're very, very pleased with the way that DOE business is moving ahead. Since we've -- since we separated the DOE business from shipbuilding, we have -- we've been on the team for winning 3 and we're prime contractor now for DOE, doing a prime at Los Alamos. So we think -- and we think that there is more opportunity there to take advantage for our environmental skills and our nuclear operation skills. And so that's a pretty important area to us.Our customer in the Navy is very interested in the unmanned space, particularly, I think the unmanned undersea space is a little bit more mature than the unbanned surface space. But in both of those cases, we see that, that's where our customer is going, that's our principal partnership for this business. And so we're trying to find the best way to support our customer on that. Make sure that we have the capabilities that we think are -- that the Navy is going to need for us to have going forward. And so we're -- we continue to work to strengthen that part of our business. We have always, for the -- at least for the last 20-some years, we've been supporting the fleet around the world. And as we've built some more capability there, we have also built some capability to support the Air Force and the Army. Whether it's in training or modeling and simulation or other kinds of operational things, we find that to be a really, really good business, and we continue to pursue those opportunities. And all of that, all -- every one of those areas has a need for capability in cyber and even intelligence. And we've built some capability within the last 12 months.We've enhanced our capability there. So we're always in a constant review of what are the capabilities we have, what are the capabilities that our customer's needs, is there a gap? And do we find the right way to pursue that gap. Scale is an interesting discussion because I don't think we want to pursue being big for the sake of being big. On the other hand, sometimes, local scale can actually be something that creates more flexibility for a particular customer. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. And so we are pretty active in evaluating our gaps and evaluating opportunities to close those gaps and trying to be as creative as we can. We would also say that valuations are pretty high at this point. And so sometimes, the best thing for us to do is to let it go. And so we continue to have that as an option on our table. So we're not in a place where we're trying to acquire everything that moves. We're very deliberate and very disciplined about what we do and we believe that our approach continues to build great value in the company.
Michael Petters: Well, I'd like to wrap things up by letting you know that we are in the process of finalizing the arrangements for an Investor Day meeting to share our views and outlook for the business. This event will be held in New York City and will include a reception on the evening of February 17 and our management presentation on February 18. So stay tuned for additional details in the coming months. Thanks again for joining us on today's call. We really appreciate your time and interest, and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. Sure. The adjustments -- or the cume adjustments for the quarter, gross favorable were 64%, gross unfavorable were 20%. So it's a net of 44%. Of that net, 35% of that was Ingalls, 45% was Newport News, and TS was 20%.
Christopher Kastner: Our general operating model in the organization is that we delegate as much authority to the divisions as we can. We want to make sure that the authority and accountability is distributed so that when the divisions are facing their customer, they have the authority to do -- to make the decisions they need to make to support that customer, but with that goes the accountability to get it right. That's the case in shipbuilding and that's the case in Technical Solutions too. Regarding the operating system kind of, in general, the -- you can imagine this becomes here, all the perimeters that we need to consider and include in our -- in how we operate and support a customer. And then in details with the customer, there would be okay. That make sense for this one, that one, we probably need to go deeper on. Here is one that doesn't speak very well to this customer and so we have to work our way through that. Actually, the TS guys do pretty well with that right now, as you can see. And so I don't think it's going to be that hard to bring that -- create an overarching structure for.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. I don't want to -- Myles, this is Chris. I wouldn't comment specifically on the frigate because it is competitive, but we generally don't see a material amount of post-delivery liabilities on the ships at delivery. There are obviously things that have to be worked off. We generally or always include those liabilities within the EACs and within our booking rates in our contracts.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. No, thanks for that and thanks for not asking for guidance on 2020. But yes, the last high year related to capital is next year, and I'll give an update related to pension for 2020 as well because there was a pretty significant move there in our updated estimate. But you've got it about right. And we'll provide an update in all of those factors on our year-end call.
Christopher Kastner: Capital, yes. So capital, it's $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion for the 5 years. So still a high level of capital in 2020. And then we get back down to the 2.5% of sales in 2021.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. So we're not overly concerned with our cash balance. We have adequate capacity within our commercial paper program. So we're really comfortable where we are from a cash standpoint. We have line of sight on all of the invoices that we're managing to get to year-end. So that's slightly north of last year we're pretty comfortable with. Of course, working capital can move it around a little bit. Relative to share buyback, we are actually comfortable with the commitment we made in '15 to return substantially all our free cash flow back to shareholders. We've increased our dividend at least 10% annually and executed the share buyback program that has us as over 120% return. So we're comfortable with that strategy. We're going to continue it, and we'll just move on from here.
Christopher Kastner: I won't comment specifically. It wasn't material enough to comment on in the quarter, but it was Helena in Q3.
Christopher Kastner: Well, it was enough to mention, but it wasn't enough to mention the value, George. We did adjust the EAC for it. And it'll -- on a going-forward basis, obviously the booking rate would be better on that program.
Christopher Kastner: That's a good question, Rob. I think you're going to evaluate the risk every quarter, obviously. And as you get to launch, you're going to evaluate some risk. But they're going to -- they have a lot of risk in front of them. So there are risk retirement milestones on 79 in 2020 as well related to the test program. So, it's a Q4 issue and it's a next year issue.
Christopher Kastner: David, this is Chris. And we look at everything out there. 8% still makes a lot of sense to us. That being said, we'll assess all the milestones. We'll assess all the ACs in Q4 and adjust accordingly. But we're still comfortable with that 8%.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. That's right. I mean, we got a pressure hull complete this quarter and then Mike indicated, it will slip.
Christopher Kastner: I think that's fair, David. I think that's a good way to think about it. All the factors that have been somewhat nonrecurring in nature or winding down here with capital and the net pension slowing down a little bit. And then becoming normalized a bit -- from -- and stabilizing working capital you would think that a 1.0 cash conversion is what we should achieve. That being said, at the end of the last year, $100 million to $150 million received in last week, which was great for everyone, but it was an expected benefit in '18 that we've been crawling out of in '19 over the last 3 quarters to achieve good cash here this year.
Christopher Kastner: I think that's a great question, Noah, and it's the latter, right? There is -- you absolutely retire risk in Q4 when you got to launch, but every shipbuilder knows that a lot of risk happens to the rest program. So I think you're a latter perception is probably the better one.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. I don't want to get into the specifics on the cash flow statement on the call, but it's all in. Grant proceeds are in last year and in this year relative to the net free cash flow in '18 and '19.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. I think the 5% to 7% working capital percent of sales is a good place to be. And if we can achieve that going forward, I think, we'll be operating very well.
Christopher Kastner: Correct. Yes, that's a great way to think about it. Of course, you have phases of programs that kick in from time-to-time, but I think the 5% to 7% is a good way to think about on a sustained basis going forward.
