Thomas Stiehle: Hi, good morning, Miles. Tom here, I appreciate the question. Yes, so we mentioned here that traditionally we look at maintaining the yards to be about - 1% to 1.5% with about another point-to-point to have specific projects. As we've talked about in the recent past, we have a lot of activity that's going on in the yards, acquisitions specifically at Newport News, and driving down into the submarine program there. So, we're putting more boats on contract in on VCS in the Columbia program. And as we're working ourselves through those negotiations and schedules, we see - it necessitates additional capacity and throughput. So in conversations with our Navy partner, we've partnered on what that means. There'll be - a couple more buildings, more capacity in the yard, and its requiring investments. Just over three years, we have defined projects that, we've worked through and we've gotten approved through the Board and with the Navy. And the investment there from the Navy will pay for the majority of that. So as much as it rolls through, I'm capitalizing the projects themselves. I'll get the investments on the contracts, to help offset that. So it's a three-year run, it peaks out. The first year at 5.3%. And as I said, we've kind of given you, what the free cash flow projection is from '24 to '28 to kind of evidence that, we're still good to our thesis of the cash flow inflection to $700 million plus as we go forward. There's a shake to it, obviously, of that $3.6 billion I gave you. And obviously, it grows over time as the revenue and the incremental margin expansion comes online. And then as the CapEx falls off on years four and five. But we think it's a good business arrangement. It facilitates the growth that we're talking about. You heard in the comments, both from Chris and myself, we're raising shipbuilding from 3% to 4%. And this capital investment by both the Navy and us facilitates that growth long-term.
Thomas Stiehle: Yes, if I could piggyback on top of that. And Miles, I think you're looking at it the right way. If you look back on where we've been right in '22, we gave back to the shareholders $249 million in dividends and repos. This year, it's up to $275 million, which is 40% of free cash flow. We have to keep in mind for 2023, it was $480 million of debt paydown. So, we actually between the debt paydown and what we gave back to shareholders. It was better than 100% of the free cash flow of $692 million for 2023. And now for this year, as we're saying $500 million of dividends and repos is still another $229 million. I just paid $145 million in January. There's $84 million of on payment in May. So $229 million of debt and that concludes it, kind of going forward plus the $500 million I'm committing to again is over 100% of free cash flow going back to the shareholders this year. If you take the midpoint of the guide of $650 million, right? So it's ramping. We're giving you the commitment through 2024. We haven't told you, we're committing to pass that, but we would envision as we work off each year and the cash is there, that we'll update you accordingly.
Thomas Stiehle: Yes. And what that means is regarding like - we extended to term and time, but we can always go back and change that again. So we wouldn't read too much into the math of it. But as we said, there's $1.5 billion available, $1.5 billion by 2028. And as we move forward, we'll adjust that accordingly. So that was just more of a housekeeping issue that we cleaned up.
Thomas Stiehle: Yes, the way that accounting works on that, it's got an angle, it's in the operating income and other income. Because we've had that contract. We incurred cost on it. So it's a recovery from cost that, we've had both in the past and we had written off. So, it comes back still as an operating income. It doesn't go into the revenue. So, there's not a rev-rank to it. But we do account for the margin and income statement. And obviously, we picked up the cash on both of those, on both the frigate and the reps and warranty in Q4
Thomas Stiehle: No, there is a ramp to it and the shape to it. I knew when we gave that that people would want to see that, because we've been giving you the shape of the current one from 2020 to '24. But really only the back end of it. When we first announced that, we didn't provide it either. And the only reason why we're not trying to be kind of too nebulous - five years, a lot of moving parts, how it can move around. I can tell you it's not a reach number. We wouldn't put it out there. We don't feel that we can hit it. But I'm most comfortable right now. I try and manage by year. And we gave that number to show with the evidence ramp and the revenue that we talked about for 4% plus to HII across the enterprise, we see that mission technology is definitely accretive and pulling cash for us right now. Your modeling should easily be able to get to that number. But I really want to get through 2024 and then we can give you a guide on what like 2025 kind of, looks like in each year thereafter. Okay.
Thomas Stiehle: Yes. So, we don't want to get ahead of ourselves, right? Yes. We did talk about 7.7% to 8.0%. There's a couple of milestones that we missed at the end of the year, which causes a little bit of a drag, as you saw how we finished off. Still shipbuilding healthy with the recovery of the sale of the claim, 8.3% still kind of beat the guidance with the claim on a recurring run rate. I'm with you that it's a little bit short on that right now. And we'll pick it up kind of going forward, right? So, I'm not just going to have function up, but we'll pick up where we have on our run rate as we finish our milestones as we get credit for that. There'll be some stuff up so long the way. I think 7.6% to 7.8% is appropriate. I'm a comfortable and conservative on that right now. And I've gotten to the last couple of years and we've missed a couple of attempts right at the end of the quarter. So, I don't want us to get ahead of ourselves a little bit. Let's kind of earn each of these quarters. I think 7.6% to 7.8% is the appropriate way to kind of look at it. If we - that get the hiring and the retention and we have clean shifts through the whole year, and we make up our milestones, we could be on the upper end of that range. It's not higher, but I think for now finishing the year off at 8.3% with the claim, the bottom end of the guide right now without the claim. I think that's the right starting point with a year's worth of shipbuilding to go through 2024.
Thomas Stiehle: Sure. Yes. Yes, we've had a lot of conversation on that working capital. And I know when we were much higher in that at 10% and 8% range that was concerned, like how could we get that down? And we were projecting that that would happen. I'm happy to report that it's kind of landed right where we thought it would be, right? So, I think we started the year off in around 6% to 6.5%. We finished the year off at 5%. The conversations we've had in the recent past, we've talked about it used to be 6% to 8% without Mission Technologies with the additional sales for Mission Technologies. It's more like 4% to 6%. And that's I had highlighted that we were coming down, you know, with COVID in the rearview mirror, production programs that we have, trying to maintain the schedules with the same type work. We would see a normalization of the working capital. And that's exactly what's played out. We've lost about a point of working capital throughout this year. And I still anticipate kind of going forward a little bit improvement in that as we go forward. So 4% to 6% is the right way to kind of look at it. We exit '23 at 5%. And I would expect in 2024 to be on about you know, a little bit lower than that between 4% to 5%. The capital incentives will help as we get the cash up front, before the cost is completely incurred. And I think that's the appropriate way to kind of model it, going forward in the 4% to 5% range in the next couple of years.
Thomas Stiehle: Yes, our Mission Technologies it was - the warranties and representations for the purchase of Hydroid was a settlement cash $49.5 million. And then Ingalls, we picked up from a frigate repair effort that we had in the late 90s and had cost against that. And we've been working to see how we could get a recovery on that. And we did get a settlement judgment in 2018, and then we were able to broker and sell that entity for $70.5 million. And you'll see in the K2, there's a little bit of a back end on that, too. We'll see how that plays out. But that's about all I want to say about this. It net's about $120 million gross, but obviously I pay tax on that. So net tax is the impact to the profitability and cash was $95 million.
Thomas Stiehle: Sure. Yes. We've talked about the demand for the products and services we have. When you go around the horn down there, Ingalls just won seven destroyers with a pretty good clip on the schedule side of that with options in the future for that. We see the 30-ish ship building plan, the five-year side app. We've talked about the 17 boats that are going to happen, already to long lead for the last two on Block V and then VCS Block VI. Those advanced procurements happen. They have to get definitized. We're talking about Columbia Build II, the RCOH for 75 and then just the preponderance of work that we have, change work and then the growth at Mission Technologies. We updated our annual plan every year, obviously, it's a 10-year look. And when we really kind of look, we say mid to long that's like 5% and five to 10 years. I know the street that's too far, but at least five years, we see growth rates at least that, if not higher. And things have to break our way with timely awards. We have to get labor any of the materials have to hit. But we can just see how the programs are playing out cost, inflation, orders, backlog and things of that nature. And we think it's appropriate to raise to these levels, and there's still opportunities above and below this for additional growth.
Thomas Stiehle: So, we started the year with $450 million. We guided up to $500 million. You can - at $692 million, at completion, if you take out the two claims net tax, obviously, that's $95 million comes off the $692 million gets you to $597 million. And then the difference between the increased guide in Q3 of $500 million to $597 million, with strong collections in Q4. The team really stayed on it. We make sure that we've got a building on time and we had a clean Q4 receivables. So, it's just across the enterprise. There wasn't anything of significance to really note in that.
Thomas Stiehle: Yes. So I had mentioned in my comments upfront that this active and significant Navy participation in that. So I don't want to get too much into the details, but we're both contributing to it. But that's helping offset that increase there. So the guide of $600 million to $700 million, we took that down a little bit from where I left you last quarter as we exceeded this year, a little bit of timing, too, was in there on the collections. So a little overachievement in 2023, a little back off from where I left you last time at $700 million, now it's $600 million but I would not be alarmed, because of the higher CapEx in '24, '25 over '26. That it's going to be a major draw on the free cash flow from the discussions we've had in the past. That's been a little bit of guiding light. We definitely want to support our customer perform in existing contracts. Much of the work we're talking about for the new CapEx is on the new requirements that are coming. And as we broke with that relationship and how we make that happen, we're going to ensure that we kind of keep everything in lockstep. We got to be ships out to get cleaner and sooner, high-quality value. And on our side, we still have to be able to kind of run the business here and have good working capital. So all that's in the mix. And I would not be concerned on the 5.3% against the cash flow projections that we've given you. Again, that's why we gave you - again you probably won't see that too often a five-year projection going forward. But we wanted to settle everyone out there that, all that's been factored in, as we run the business and we manage our cash.
Thomas Stiehle: So when we do our CapEx, obviously, our costs, we get incentivized to go do that. So it comes on the contract in the form of capital incentives, additional margin and cash that flows through there. That helps offset by additional cost of okay. I would comment just earlier to your question, as you try to kind of normalize the $692 million out to like $597 million as I said, when you pull up the two claims. It's the ramp that we've been talking about. If you go back to '21 it's $449 million and '22 at $494 million And now we've got the claims. Now it's ramped to $597 million and then we're at $600 million to $700 million. We've talked about a $700 million number in 2024 and just a little bit, its range bound now, because we exceeded in 2023. And now the $3.6 billion, the average of that is $720 million, and that's got to shape to it, obviously. It's going to be smaller upfront as the revenue incremental margin grows in the out uses going to be large in the back. I think that's appropriate right now. It's not a stretch number. It's a - it's conservative. It's a reasonable number. We have risk to kind of go work off. And I think that has both risks and opportunities associated with them. So I'd leave you with that.
Thomas Stiehle: So on the margin side, first, is the timing of when that happens, right? So you get that on contract and you've got to do the work, and there's a percentage of completion you take. So there's a lag on the margin side. And on the cash side, we try to make sure that we try and stay neutral so that we're not impacted as an incurring costs that high of 5.3% of CapEx, but that gets offset on the payment schedule of the CapEx, right? So the margin is not running exactly with the cash. But on our side, we're trying to keep it neutral here. So it's not going to impact our projections that we've given.
Thomas Stiehle: Yes, sure, sure. So from the MT side, we saw a nice rush at the end of the year of some receivables. I mentioned in my notes, it's about $80 million. So that was a big pickup. On the shipbuilding side, just the timing of material on how that floating here, the majority of the overage and where we felt we would land was on the material side. We have some outsourcing going on as well. So those costs flow through opportunistic that they landed in 2023 here. But we guided $86 million to $88 million, we came about $100 million over that and you kind of normalize that. It was good growth there. You saw it in shipbuilding better than 5%, 5.5% in shipbuilding. Ingall's up in the 7s and Newport News at 4.8%. But it was a sharing between all three divisions that just exceeded. It was a nice run at the end of the year on the revenue side.
Thomas Stiehle: Yes, that's right. A piece of that's timing on how the program is just playing out in the mix and execution on that. We did have one job over there that we just took a slight step back. It wasn't material. You won't find it in the K. I guess it's not at the threshold, there's a couple of million dollars on that. But not a lot of dollars when you break down that kind of business to begin with. And then when you take a small charge and then the timing of performance on how we book things, it came out to be a light quarter there. But overall, with the claim, 8.6% EBITDA, the RCOH 3.7%, you can normalize that out. It'll be a little bit on the bottom end of the guide that we gave you, 8 to 8.5 at the beginning of the year the EBITDA. But as we had mentioned throughout the year, there was the joint venture that we sold off, we picked up cash, but we lost some equity. And we've been kind of mentioning about a charge on a manufacturing effort that we have over this I think that's behind us right now kind of going forward. And I'm still very satisfied with the numbers that MC kind of put up across the board for revenue, margin and cash.
Thomas Stiehle: Sure. So for the quarter, that was $111 million of favorability, $43 million of unfavourability, a net of $68 million was made up of about 50% Ingall's. That net was 50% in Ingalls, about 35% of Newport News, about 15% in MT just for everyone on the call, you'll see in the K, which does the whole year, was $309 million growth, gross favorability for the whole year, $191 million gross unfavorable with a net of $118 million. And that breaks out to be about 75% Ingall's and 15% MT and 10% Newport News. I appreciate the question.
Thomas Stiehle: Scott, I'd supplement that, too, that as we're building that out, how we hire, how we train, how we've retained we're not standing flat for it, but I know that the yards themselves have active plans on either outsourcing or contract labor, using additional overtime crew that we do have, working the three full shifts where there's a critical path. But there's dials that we have to try and offset that in the near term. You can't run that five or 10 years if you see - we see the demand we're building out organically that we'll be able to do things in the yards. But right now, there are dials and opportunity sets for additional labor outside the yard that we're employing right now.
Christopher Kastner: Miles, I'd also add that I obviously want to fact '24. These projects take a while to get implemented. But it does support the mid to long-term growth.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. I'll start. So, we fundamentally believe the greatest source of value that we can achieve as a corporation, is to focus on our operational priorities right now and delivering our ships. So, you see that in the capital investments. And then we're fairly clear on our capital allocation priorities relative to investing in our investing in our shipyards, being investment grade, progressively improving our dividends, and then providing any remainder back to shareholders. Now that being said, we're going to have optionality around M&A. We have the responsibility, to evaluate M&A projects from time-to-time. I don't see any significant holes in the portfolio right now. And operationally, I think our greatest focus needs to be on delivering our ships to our customer, because they need them. So while we're not going to commit, to providing everything, back to shareholders on this call. We need to, we're forced to have a strong balance sheet and we can do everything. So that's how we're thinking about capital allocation moving forward.
Christopher Kastner: Sure. Thanks, Gautam. The two VCS milestones, we're essentially complete with both of the operational commitments for those milestones. There were some late breaking changes on both of those boats that, needed to be implemented before we could claim victory, and finally achieve them, but we're essentially complete. The staffing has been significantly reduced, on each of the boats and it's been reallocated, to the other boats. And no material financial issue related to those at all. On LPD 29, we ran into an issue going through the test program that we need to stop and do a root cause corrective action on. We've done that. The ship went to sea this week, performed well, we think we'll deliver that here late Q1, early Q2. Now from '24 milestone impact, we're all aligned within the corporation relative to those milestones. It does put some pressure on the VCS milestones at the end of the year on 798 and 800, but we have detailed plans to achieve those and we're committed to getting those done.
Christopher Kastner: No, there were no material financial issues related to those. Obviously on LPD 29, there is a bit of an opportunity lost there that, will recover when it ultimately gets delivered, but it's all included in our guidance.
Christopher Kastner: Yes, so we don't have inflation protection on the VCS program at this time. The supply chain is a challenge across all of our programs, actually. We do have EPA protection of the most part at Ingalls, and we're managing supply chain risk across the portfolio. The Navy is fully aware of this. We're very transparent about it. That's why the SIB funding is so important. That's why getting three-year AP is so important. So, we could just eliminate that risk. But we evaluate our EACs every quarter and if there's risk we deal with it in that quarter. But it's not going away anytime soon. I think everyone understands that. That's why we have SIB funding being appropriated and authorized. And as soon as we can get that down into the supply chain, the better.
Christopher Kastner: Well, there's time and shipbuilding is cost, right? So, we've probably lost a little opportunity there. It's not material in nature. And we'll do that. We'll take a step up if appropriate when we make final delivery. But it obviously would have been worth more if we did it at the end of the year.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. Ron, thanks for that question. It's definitely been a challenge over the last couple of years citing the exact example that you brought up. And the team has a number of initiatives they've implemented over the last year to address the situation, and they center around 3 fundamental issues, really, which is flexibility for the team that we're hiring in work schedules potential time off. The craft person, man and women that we are now hiring is not fully prepared to come right into the workforce and start that kind of daily grind without having some flexibility in the work schedules. So, we have a number of pilots that we're working in that regard. We have some really interesting analytics around targeting geographies that we have better success in hiring and retaining. So, we have initiatives there. And then we have very focused incentives on critical skills. An example is machinists where you have to just pay them more to get them and keep them. So a number of initiatives, we pivot very quickly because we have such good data on what works, or what is going to work and what does work. So, we can expand upon it. But you're hitting on a fundamental issue in the industry right now in the manufacturing industry as a whole. And within defense and in shipbuilding is that the labor issue is obviously one of our major risk issues and one we're working very hard to resolve. I would also say the Navy understands it. And in the SIB funding, as I previously mentioned, there are workforce development issues as well. Getting people into the apprentice schools, because our retention rates in the apprentice schools. And established programs are significantly higher because the people that go in there are choosing that as a profession. So it's something we're well aware of. Our partners are well aware of it and the Navy is well aware of it, and we're addressing it. We've seen some rays of light as we ended the year, but you can't really trust a couple of data points. So we're going to keep working on it this year.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. So they've done a really good job, both on the VCS program and on the DDG program, it doesn't get enough as much press, but on the DDG program as well as identifying single source or sole source vendors, in the supply chain that need investment to increase capacity because as you know, capacity had dwindled a bit in the previous 10 to 15 years. So they've done a very good job targeting those suppliers and making investments. And then there's some large critical material where there's a single source suppliers that are dealing with the same sort of labor and supply chain issues that we are. So to identify those potentially dual source them, or qualify an additional source is something that the Navy and we are looking at as well. So it's a very comprehensive review. I think it's managed very well by us and our partners. And I think it's going to get it the issue, but it doesn't turn overnight.
Christopher Kastner: George, you're familiar with material timing, you can miss by a month to 2 months from time to time. It just came in at the end of the year. Now unfortunately, it impacts the guide for the next year, right? So you had to -- we had to include that. But it was just timing.
Christopher Kastner: That's a good question, and I don't have that in front of me. That's a really good question. I don't have that in front of me. I know part of it -- I think a part of it is, but I couldn't quantify it for you. So we'll get that information for you, Scott.
Christopher Kastner: Well, it has to be both, right? And we -- when we do our projections, we risk adjust them. It's not assuming that everything works out perfectly. So it has to be both. We have to improve our retention rates. We have to improve out of the supply chain, and we have to improve capacity. And if we do that, then throughput will significantly increase. But you're absolutely correct. We have to be successful in both.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. Thank you, and thank you for joining the call today. I'm very proud of our team's strong performance last year, and I'm confident that we will continue to create value for our shareholders this year. I would also like to remind you that we are hosting an Investor Day on March 20 and look forward to seeing many of you then. Have a good afternoon.
