Mike Petters: Yeah. I think – Doug, thanks for the question. It's a little bit of both. You know I had to actually go practice how to save the word growth a few times before this call. We hadn't had a chance to talk about growth in Shipbuilding for a long time. And yet, here we are, we have a budget and a 30-year plan and a National Security Strategy that are all aligned. And if you look at the way this came out, they came out kind of in series the way they were supposed to come out and they came out on time. You know what's encouraged, there's a lot of things that are encouraging to me. Doug, I have been saying for a long-time that I have been worried about how the Columbia-class was going to be paid for without affecting the budget. If you look at the budget and you look at the 30-year plan, it looks like resources are going to be allocated to not create that effect, not create impact. We're going to pay for it. That's really encouraging to me. It's also encouraging to me that, the 30-year plan and the budget and all the documents basically talk about working with industry to find the most efficient ways to do these things. I have been calling that out as a great recognition of the opportunity we have to go and do things more efficiently and maybe even get some things done faster. At the end of the day though, we only do one budget at a time and as we look at the timing of the programs that we're involved with, over the next couple of years, most of those programs were going to be trying to go to contract on in some fashion. And so the startup of those programs and the timing of those programs and how that plays out, all of that kind of comes together and says, it looks like about a 3% target over the next five years. And, we'll adjust that accordingly as we get more facts and get deeper into it. But that's kind of the way we're thinking about it right now. And we're cautiously optimistic that you know we're ready to go here.
Mike Petters: That's a really interesting question that we could probably spend all day talking about. I mean the history of the business has been that we've made investment – typically made investments when we can look down the sideline of a program with some confidence that the program is going to be there. They will make big investments, then either the program will pan out or it won't. At Newport News for instance, there were some pretty significant investments made by Tenneco back in the 1980s in support of Newport News participating in the Seawolf program. When the cold war ended and that program got truncated, that – that Newport News did not have any participation in the construction of those programs and those facilities had to be redeployed. My observation of that was that the value of those facilities, they became valuable to other programs and so our ability actually to specifically quantify the capital investments to a particular program, my personal observation is we need to be better than that. We build facilities that are – in the end are going to outlast programs and they are going to be flexibly used for other programs along the way, and so that's what led us to the decision that we were going to make these generational investments a few years ago because we knew that first of all our investment would help actually create future where the Navy would have some confidence that they can move ahead with the program. Secondly, that these facilities would outlast any program that was on the record at that point in time. And so, you know I don't want to say that this was the first time we made generational investments, but it was a major departure from a way that at least in my experience and history, the way that we had always invested in the past. And so, we've been confidently going down that path. Like I said, this – the last series of events with the national security strategy and the budget and the 30-year plan at this point seemed to validate that perspective and we're pretty excited about where we are.
Mike Petters: Well, I mean, you know if I were write the 30-year plan, it would probably look a little bit different than the one that the Navy wrote. But that's okay, that's part of the process. And there are certainly some things that we could go in and say we would prefer to see this in this place or that in that place. But quite frankly, what I – the first thing that I looked at was the resourcing of the 30-year plan and the call-out for the expansion of resources across the plan to go and build – I mean the phrase you know to create the Navy the Nation Needs, strikes me as the right way to go about doing a 30-year plan. As opposed to trying to maybe in the past we might have done the nation – the Navy the nation can afford. And so, we got to get into how all that's going to work out, but where we have some opportunities to engage with the Navy and to engage with the Congress on more efficient ways to perceive, we'll do that. But all-in-all I'm pretty pleased with where it sits right now.
Mike Petters: No, I wouldn't say that. I mean if it actually executed the way that it is in the plan, that would – that's something that we would be engaging on, say that there is a better way and more efficient way and more productive way to build in those – build that product and build those product lines. So, I'm not ready to say that, you know we completely 100% endorse the way that it's laid out, but we'll be engaging with the Navy on those things that we think could be improved. And you've highlighted one, the LHA is one of those areas that we will be talking about.
Mike Petters: Yeah. So, first of all, I am not sure that I am going to talk about any particular program like that. I think what I would tell you is, what we've talked about before, that the healthy business has to have the right amount of new work coming in and the right amount of mature work in the business, so that in a blended way you end up being in a 9% to 10% range. Certainly, where you just got the RP for the multiyear on the DDGs and we're beginning to work on getting through to the next Block, Block V on Virginia-class. And we've talked a lot about how that, the start up with those programs, we have pretty good risk registers and we don't take credit for retiring the risk until we retire. I think what I would tell you at this point is that if we really are going to expand the Navy the way that these documents suggest and the way that people are talking about, what that's going to do is that's actually going heavier – it's going to put a heavier weight on the new work than what we have today on mature work. And so that's going to swing our overall. That's my comment about how as we transit – we began transitioning programs at Newport News. We are going to go through a transition at Ingalls as we expand, and so that's going to put a little bit of pressure on the bottom side of that band.
Mike Petters: I mean, when that happens, when you see a number like that, it means that they've been very successful retiring risk on very mature programs. It's not hard to go through and kick off starting at the very top. There is going to be a new carrier, hopefully two in our contract base in the next couple of years. There is going to be a new block of submarines in our contract base in the next 24 months. There is going to be a new flight of destroyers in our contract base. There is going to be a new flight in transition to LXR in our contract base. We are ramping up right now on LHA 8. And so, just about every single one of our programs over the next 24 months, we are going to be going to new contract on. And so, my view of that is that this is going to play out over the next couple of years, maybe two or three years. And depending on the timing of those contracts, it could extend to the fourth year. But that's – I mean that's all – it's all good because its expansion of the business at a time when we are executing really well. And it allows us to set the stage to move those programs to a point where they are mature for us in the out years. That's why I am really excited about this and we don't typically break any of the programs down by program. But in general, the expansion of the Navy is going to create near term pressure as we take on that risk and long term opportunity as we harvest those programs.
Mike Petters: That's a good point, Chris. That's sort of a point where we will be able to assess where we stand relative to most of the programs we have.
Mike Petters: Yeah George, I think I made that out major question out. And we just talked about that with Rob, but I would just say Chris makes a good point in that conversation that the launch of Kennedy in 2020 is the place where we will be able to do a true risk assessment on how much risk did we retire, how much do we still have? Did we get what we wanted? You know, all of the classic stuff we do when we watch these major events. What I can tell you right now on the Kennedy is that we are seeing significant progress being made in terms of the construction schedule. And we are seeing that the investments we made to take man hours out are generally working. So, we are pretty excited about that.
Mike Petters: It's every program, George, across the business. Newport News has frankly been going through this for the last couple of years as they've been transitioning from Ford to Kennedy, transitioning from Lincoln to George Washington, transitioning from Block III to Block IV and we are getting ready to start in on Block V. They've been working on this for a couple of years. Their programs have longer horizons, but we see this across the whole business over the next couple of years.
Mike Petters: Okay. Well, thank you and thanks for joining us on the call today. And as I mentioned earlier, we are executing well across the business in everything that we're doing. We have key wins in our Technical Solutions area. We're poised to build the Navy the Nation Needs and we are excited about our future going forward. We want to thank you all for joining us today and we appreciate your interest in HII. Thank you.
Chris Kastner: Actually Doug I think we started investing a few years ago. And we talked about the need for a generational type investment in the capacity and capability of our shipyards to support that – to support our view of what the Navy needed to be. What this is doing is sort of, this is validating our decision to get out and invest early. And so, we think we're pretty well poised in position right now to answer the call and move ahead.
Chris Kastner: This is Chris. It's a five year CAGR, rather not comment on front-loaded or back-loaded. But the way we're looking at the budget and the way we're looking at our plans look as if we could get that sort of growth rate.
Chris Kastner: So, Carter this is Chris. $200 million of that is related to facilities and equipment primarily at Ingalls and increasing capacity. And we have a $100 million of it related to additional digital tools at Newport News.
Chris Kastner: You asked a good question. So, yearend we are at 89% funded on a FAS basis. We don't give specific numbers for 2018 and 2019, but when we have a $900 million liability and we are essentially cutting it in half. So I don't want to project what's going to go on and what's going to happen with asset returns and discount rates till the next couple of years.
Chris Kastner: Okay. I can't hear you very well. But I think your question was about cash flow in 2018, it's a good point relative to the additional capital on the net pension. We finished around $450 million free cash in 2017. I probably have about $100 million of pressure to that in 2018.
Chris Kastner: No. The concern I have about margins is just the macro concern that and it's not a concern, it's just an observation. The observation is that as we expand the volume here, we are going to go to contract in just about every one of our programs over the next couple of years. This is all new work. Every piece of new work that we bring in brings with it a risk register. When we see that risk register, we don't take credit for retiring it until we retire it. So we are going to have as we expand the business, we are going to have more risk registers to go manage and what that's going to do is that that's going to mean more volume of new business relative to volume of mature business, which will swing the pendulum more towards the low end of the range. That's the point of the conversation.
Chris Kastner: That's a really good question. Remember the Avondale restructuring settlement is related to overheard expense, which is incorporated into our contracts, our billing rates, run through share lines at some point that we recover from our customer. So, on the specific number related to that and we'll trickle in this year and you'll see a reduction in the working capital at Ingalls. But at the end of the day it's incorporated into the information I gave you relative to the headwind I have in 2018 versus what we finished in 2017 of $100 million.
Chris Kastner: Well, this is Chris, Gautam. We're working on that on that program now. You've got it right relative to the first boat and we'll ramp from here to there kind of incrementally, but that's all contained with the information Mike gave you relative to the 3%, rough 3% CAGR over the next five years.
Chris Kastner: Yes, so that's a good question. Glad you asked it. UPI, that team is operating very well has got their cost structure squared away. They are adding people up in Canada and they are stable in Houston and they are competing very well for new projects and they have a very robust pipeline. So, really positive on how UPI is performing right now.
