Mike Petters: Okay. First of all on the DDG’s, this approach that the Navy has taken over not just the current time period but really goes back over 20 years on the DDG program, keeping two competitors viable and in a place to strongly compete has created really a model shipbuilding program in terms of the best destroyers on the planet with lots of technology insertion at a very competitive and affordable program. And my view is that the Navy views the fact that they have competition on this program as one of the key attributes for the program, and so I think that the odds that all nine ships could be awarded to one competitor are almost non-existent. The number of programs where the Navy has competition, especially in the high end of Navy warships, is very small, and this is one of them; and the Navy will work to continue to protect that. From our standpoint, as you recall, there was a competition last fall for DDG 116 and while we did not win that competition, it was our first competition in this entire business certainly since Katrina and probably going back about 10 years. We’ve been doing a lot of things. We needed to get out in the field and compete. We learned a lot from that competition, and while we did not win, we are definitely better for having competed and we look forward to the next round. We’re taking steps today to make sure that we’re as competitive as we can be on the next round. Relative to the CVN 79, the challenge to your question about what happens if 79 moves out on our revenue streams and things like that is, well, it depends. It depends on how do you bridge from the work that we’re doing today on 79 to the point where you actually go to a full detail design and construction contract – how long is that time period? How do you bridge that work? How would the Navy want to bridge that work? So we kind of take that one chunk at a time. Our sense of it is right now that our plan and the Navy’s plan and the Administration’s plan is to go to contract next year, and so we’re working very hard to be ready to go and sit down with the Navy and get that done.  If all of that were to change and move out, then we’d have to assess what the bridges would look like to get from Point A to Point B. If you decided that you were going to absolutely stop all work and not bridge from where we are today to the point of signing the contract to build the ship, the cost of the ship would go up so much that it would probably not be—it wouldn’t make any sense to do that. So I can’t give you a whole lot more clarity on that except to say it really depends on what the bridge looks like, and our focus is not so much on the bridging from here to there but really in making sure that we’re ready to go to contract next year and avoid that whole problem.
Mike Petters: Well, that’s probably an oversimplification of a pretty complex relationship in this competition. Rob, I’d take you back – remember as a result of the swap, we were going to build the first two DDG’s, and that would be 113 and 114, and Bath was going to build the 115. What the Navy did was they came back and said, hey, why don’t we do a competition for 116 that is a two-ship competition? So you guys bid on 114 and 115, Bath would bid on 115 and 116, and the Navy would get to choose between them. We actually supported that pretty strongly because I really felt the need to get the team out there and compete, and I was glad that we were able to go and compete in this environment before we had to go and try to do a competition for a nine-ship, multi-year kind of program. So that was all valuable for us. The only drawback is we didn’t win it. Now the way the pro competition works is much more complex relative to the way you set the fee, but your general presumption is that the team that gets the—the losing competition does get a lower return on the program than the winning team does, unless the losing team improves its performance. And so our view of it is at this point, we think hard about how we go and get to be competitive. We’re thinking very hard today about what are the steps we need to take or are taking to be competitive on the next competition, and actually how that’s actually driving our performance on the current ships we have under contract. So there’s a reach-back into the work we have under contract, and ultimately all of that doesn’t have—at the end of the day, we don’t think that that changes our long-term outlook of getting the business up above 9% by 2015.
Mike Petters: Yeah, the Secretary is not wrong; I think it’s a simplification and I think that—but in the end, you’re correct. If we performed at the level that we projected, we would get a lower return than if our competitor performed at the level they projected. But our ambition is that as we move into our next round of competition, we are taking steps to be more competitive, and that creates positive opportunity on the ships we already have under contract.
Mike Petters: Yeah. What we’ve said, Rob, from the beginning is that in order for us to do anything other than close the shipyard, we need to have four things happen. First of all, we need to have the Navy onboard with regard to the allocation or the way we would handle our restructuring costs in the event that we don’t close it, and so we would need—we’ve had an agreement with the Navy to go and consider these negotiations. If we ended up with some specific thing to consider, we would have another round of discussion with the Navy about how the restructuring would be handled.  The second thing we need is we need state involvement, and you may recall in the fall, the State of Louisiana stepped up to the plate with something like $200 million of incentives for a partner. The third thing we would need is a partner that understands a business that is not Navy business, because the purpose here is to get this footprint out of the Navy production base to lower the Navy’s costs; and then the fourth piece of it is that there has to be a credible and sustainable market out there. Our view of it is if we get a specific opportunity to go and pursue down these paths, we’re going to be talking down all four of these paths again. We’ll have to have a discussion with the Navy about how this specific opportunity would be handled in light of the restructuring; we’d have to talk to the State about how this specific opportunity would be handled in light of the incentives that are out there; we’d have to make sure that we are comfortable that the market that would be pursued would be credible and sustainable, and that the partner has the wherewithal and the credibility to go pursue that market. And so there’s a lot of moving parts in that, so I’m not even sure complex captures the full range of how all that would all work out. A lot of it would be subject to the negotiations around any specific transaction that might be considered.
Mike Petters: Well you know, the time frame really is—what we’re talking about here is we’re delivering one of the two ships in Avondale this year; we’re delivering the other one next year. And as soon as the second one delivers, our plan would be to proceed to close the shipyard. So from that standpoint, the time frame—the clock is ticking on the sideline here as we’re working our way through this, and we are committed to our Avondale employees to go and turn over every rock to figure this out. We’re doing that, but we’re still on path right now to close it.
Mike Petters: Well, let me first of all say that we have not change in our outlook on 78 – no change at all. We are proceeding with building the first ship of a new class of aircraft carriers. The ship has basically been completely redesigned from the inside – the hull is the same, but everything else is different. The team is performing at a level better than any I’ve ever seen on any lead ship. Nothing has changed in our outlook, and so from that standpoint, Doug, we’re kind of separating the fact that we are building a lead ship with the best shipbuilders—we’re separating that from the political exchanges going on around the budget about how does the risk of building a lead ship get financed. So we have our contract, we’re working our way through the contract, and we’re proceeding just on the path that we’ve been on.
Mike Petters: Yeah, I think you have to separate the things that are going on here. We’ve been working this program for a couple years, or several years, and we’re going to be working this program for the next three or four years. We have a contract with the government that shares the risk of this program. We have taken a look from the company standpoint as to what the risks are and we’ve created our plan around that risk set, and we have been on that plan basically since—you remember a year ago, we took back and said, hey, we weren’t quite sure that we had retired the risk in a timely fashion, and so first quarter last year we held back just a little bit. But we basically have been on the financial plan that we had laid from the beginning.  Our friends in the government are working their way through their process in a very public manner on how do they manage the financial risk on their side. In my view, that’s sort of what’s happening here. Let me just tell you, just like we’re working with Avondale where we’re not leaving any stone unturned, we are not leaving any stone unturned on how to drive the costs down on CVN 78. Our contract actually rewards us for driving the cost down, and we have been fairly successful with that. We’ve still got four years to go and we’re going to keep working that very, very hard. It’s clearly to our advantage, but we think that’s in the government’s interest as well. They’ve been very supportive of the things that we need to go do, and they review this with us very, very often. Right now, we’re keeping it on track.
Mike Petters: Well, first of all I’m not going to go—because of the competitive nature of what we’re trying to do, I’m not going to go into all of the different things that we’re trying to do to drive costs in our competitive business. I think the thing for you to focus on right now, Doug, is that this year we have three major milestones. We have the delivery of two of the LPD’s – one of them is at Avondale, one of them is in Pascagoula – and we have the launch of LHA 6. Those three milestones, they move us—today we sit here with one of the five ships delivered. Those three things happen, we’re going to be on the backside with an eye towards the finish line on getting that risk retired. The delivery of LPD 22 before the end of the year was a major, major accomplishment for the team at Ingalls. It also gave us some perspective on what we need to do to get 23, 24 and 25 delivered. And so as we factor that into what we’re doing, that will clearly factor into 23 and 24’s delivery. Getting those done, getting 6 in the water with a quality launch – those are the things that we’re focused on right now. I don’t want to get too much further out in front of our headlights on that because those are—it’s easy for me to say that, but that’s a lot of hard work by the team down south.
Mike Petters: Actually I think that the sequestration budget discussion is really for future work – you know, work that hasn’t been appropriated yet. The contracts that we’re working on, these have basically been appropriated and we’re just working our way through the process of getting the scope right and getting the risk register settled so that we can get to a contract. And that’s really—the challenge is that you work your way through this and just make sure that there’s a common view of what’s the scope of work, what’s the risk register look like, how are we going to manage that, and then what’s the price. And I don’t think there’s anything in particular that’s slowing it down, so much as it’s just the next thing we’ve got to go do.
Mike Petters: Yeah, I think that the reality is that moving that ship out of 2014 into 2015 and pushing everything back will have a minimal effect to our overall view. We would be barely started on that program by 2015.
Mike Petters: All I would say is that we’re on the start of—if you go and you take those contracts that we’re executing and you just take them out of the business, we’re going to replace them with new work. Last year, we said that we needed to go sign five contracts. We’ve actually signed four of the six that have turned up because we got an extra one on the national security cutter in there. We still have the 7 contract and the 27 contract to work our way through. These new contracts will come online. The challenge for us on those is that we’re not going to—because of the way we normalize recognize income on these programs, we don’t go to the final position until we retire all the risk. And so at the very beginning of these programs, the very beginning of 113 and 114, the very beginning of 26, these programs all look good but we’re still on the very—you know, there’s the whole contract to go, and so we’re not ready yet to step up and say that we’re at our full final fee rate on those programs. So it would give you a little bit of a skewed view if you tried to do the analysis the way you’re doing it. Our view is that by 2015 we would have all of that sorted out, the effect of the five ships gone and bringing the new contracts up to the rate that we expect to be normal for the business. We don’t see anything holding us back from that at this point, and we’re on track to it.
Mike Petters: You know, what happens—I’m not going to comment on your numbers, George, but what I would say is that when you have a problem like we’ve come through over the last four years, the business gets out of balance. The balanced portfolio of the business, if you were to just take a snapshot, and take a snapshot of Newport News, for instance – you have programs there that are at the very beginning of the program and we’re booking those very conservatively. We also have programs that are at the very end, and we recognize that risk is retired and so we’re able to go and recognize the full opportunity there. Those blended together create a pretty solid level of performance that’s fairly predictable in this business. What we’ve come through on the Gulf Coast is that a substantial fraction of the business basically got knocked off and basically became so underperforming that we couldn’t get the blended rates to be where they need to be, and what we’re going through now between—basically for the last four years that Barb and I have been working this and through the next three years to 2015, is rebalancing that portfolio back to where it needs to be. The first thing we need to do is get those five ships out of the portfolio, then what we have to do is we have to go retire risk on the new programs. So we’re starting these new programs, we’ve signed the contracts in the last year. We’re starting down the path, we’re retiring risk, we’re feeling fairly confident about that; but we have a process that we go through and it just takes some time to work our way through it.
Mike Petters: Yeah, what I would say, Brian, is just what we’ve said before – the work that you see and the performance of the business between now and three to five years from now, it’s primarily work we already have under contract. The debate about the budget, the debate about what does the Navy look like, that’s more in the five to 10-year time frame. If you were to go and have some major change and we were going to head to other strategy, some other volume of work, it probably still wouldn’t show up necessarily in our financials in the near term. It takes a while for these things to get to a point where we can recognize them, and so I think that the debate—what’s interesting about the debate is it’s really a debate about what’s the role of the Navy and how does that play into our overall national economic health, which is something that I’ve always thought was the right place for the Navy to be having the debate. So—and I think frankly the fact that the current administration wants to continue on the path with 11 carriers and has supported the Navy so far, it shows me that at the national level, both parties recognize – both possibilities here recognize that the Navy is a key part of our economic future going forward, and that puts Huntington Ingalls in a really good place.
Barb Niland: Well, I wouldn’t say that your last statement is correct. Let me just give you a little story on the cash flow here. Basically it’s all about timing of cash collections, and in the last two weeks of the year, we collected over $500 million in the last two weeks, and 20% of that came on the last day of the year. So I’ve talked about it in every quarter – it just depends on timing of cash collections, so we’ll be going through the same thing as we go to the end of this year. Then, it depends on the deliveries, so one of the reasons the cash collections were as high as they were in the December was the delivery of LPD 22, and so we got to collect the cash associated with the retention on that ship. So as we go to the delivery of 23 and 24, it will depend on timing of that delivery, timing on the invoices, timing on when the customer chooses to pay those invoices. They will be large invoices, just like LPD 22.  So at the risk of saying that your number is right, I give you caution because the timing of these cash payments will make a significant difference at the end of the year. Like I said, we’re always a cash user. This year is no different – we’re a cash user in the quarter, and basically last year we were negative free cash flow until the second to the last week of the year. So this business, for some reason, seems to operate—my 8.5 years in it, that’s how I’ve seen it operate, and I don’t think it will operate any different this year.
Barb Niland: Like I said, the only things that will move it up is the timing of these payments for the deliveries—so the timing on deliveries and the timing of payments, and the things that will move it significantly down would be if we don’t have the costs right on LPD 23 and 24, and we incur more costs than we anticipate. And then really, it’s all on the timing on the Avondale closure – as we let people go, we’re incurring that cash associated with letting them go. Also, the employee incentives—so it’s all in the timing.
Barb Niland: Yeah. You know, I think revenues will flow similar to how they did last year. We’re pretty ratable. The biggest swing happens with material and timing of payables, that type of thing; and then the only other thing that can affect sales up or down would be our progressing. So as we launch these ships, as we launch LHA6, we’ll be looking at progressing pretty hard and that could have a swing on sales, one way or another.
Barb Niland: Okay. So loss provisions that remain are just for LPD 23 and 24, okay? Prior to that, we had loss provisions in there for also 22 and LHDA. Both those ships are delivered. We feel very confident where we are there. So what you have that $19 million for is LPD 23 and 24 – they’re both around 89, 90% complete, and we plan on delivering them by year-end. We learned a lot with the delivery of LPD 22, so we feel pretty comfortable about where we are on the next two ships, and I feel very comfortable with the provisions that we have.
Barb Niland: Well, basically what we’ve talked about in the past is that when we’re starting new contracts – so on DDG 113, LPD 26 and NSC (inaudible), we have booked to a risk number, so we start out very conservatively. As we progress on those ships and we retire risk and certain events occur – so we’ve bought all the material or we’ve launched the ship – and we are on our cost projections, you’ll see incremental improvement. So as we retire the risk, you will see incremental improvements on those conservative margins which our plan is to be at 9% or better at Ingalls in the future.
Barb Niland: Well, I’d need a crystal ball on that one. What we like to do is maintain our funding at 90% on a PPA basis, but like you know, after what happened this year, it depends what the discount rate is going to be, it depends what your long-term return on assets expectations are going to be. So your guess is as good as my guess. I’d like to say it’s predictable, but after what we saw at the end of the year and the changes it’s made in the pension, I would say—you know, saying it looks like this year is fine.
Barb Niland: Well, we don’t really give any full disclosure on individual programs or anything, but we did have a net adjustment for the year of about 54 million positive, and that was primarily due to the Virginia class. This was across all the businesses, the net impact, and a lot of it was attributable to Virginia class.
Barb Niland: Well, it was Block 1, Block 2 and Block 3. As we hit certain material milestones, deliveries, out of warranty periods – it’s across the board – pressure hull complete.
