Barb Niland: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone on the call. I’d like to briefly review our consolidated and segment results as disclosed in the press release then wrap up with some comments on pension. Before I get into our operational results, I’d like to discuss the goodwill impairment charge we took during the quarter. As you are aware, we normally perform a goodwill impairment test at the end of November or more often if certain criteria are met. We performed our last goodwill test at the time of the spin and we determined there was no impairment. However, as a result of the decline in our stock price and market capitalization in the quarter, we were required to take a closer look at goodwill to evaluate for impairment. We performed the relevant evaluations and although, our internal cash flow projections suggested a value above that implied by our stock price, the sharp decline in our market capitalization and decline in equity market multiples required an adjustment to goodwill. The $300 million non-cash of goodwill charge does not have an impact on our liquidity or debt covenants. And keep in mind that this is an estimate and is subject to adjustment in the fourth quarter as we finalize our testing. I want to emphasize what Mike said, our long-term outlook as not changed. This non-cash goodwill impairment charge was strictly driven by adverse equity market conditions. Now turning to the financials on slide four of the presentation, reported third quarter sales decreased $72 million from the same period last year and I will provide more details when I discuss each segment results. Including the $300 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge taken during the quarter, GAAP reported segment operating loss for the quarter was a $187 million. Total operating loss was a $190 million and diluted loss per share was $5.07. Adjusted for the goodwill impairment charge, segment operating income was $113 million and total operating income was $110 million. Total operating margin was 6.9%, compared to 4.6% for the same period last year. Adjusted for the goodwill charge diluted EPS was $1.05, compared to $0.86 last year. Cash from operating activities for the third quarter was $232 million, up $59 million over last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $36 million flat from last year. For the full year we continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately 3% of sales. Turning to slide six, Ingalls revenue for the three months ending September 2011 decreased $19 million or 2.5% from the same period in 2010, primarily driven by lower sales in the DDG-51 program partially offset by higher sales in the National Security Cutter Program. Excluding the non-cash goodwill impairment charge, Ingalls operating income for the quarter was $19 million, compared with an operating loss of $1 million in the same period in 2010. Ingalls adjusted operating margin was 2.6% for the quarter, up from essentially zero last year. Turning to slide six, Newport News revenues for the quarter decreased $52 million or 5.6% from last year, primarily driven by lower sales volume on the Roosevelt RCOH and the Ford, partially offset by higher sales volume on the advanced construction contracts for Kennedy and the advanced planning effort on the Lincoln RCOH. Newport News operating income for the quarter was $94 million, compared with $90 million last year. The increase was primarily due to performance improvements realized on the VCS program, offset by risk retirement on the Toledo DMP in 2010 that did not occur in 2011. Newport News operating margin was 10.7% for the quarter, up from 9.7% in 2010. If you’ll turn to slide seven, I’d like to make a few comments on pension. Please note that pension related numbers are subject to year end performance and measurement criteria. So what we’re showing you here is simply to give you an idea of what 2012 pension could look like under certain conditions. This chart shows the sensitivity of our 2012 estimated FAS/CAS pension adjustment to the discount rate assumption and actual asset returns for 2011. And assumes an 8% long-term return on assets going forward, which is slightly lower than last year’s assumption of 8.5%. Given where we are today, our discount rate assumption would likely fall in the 5.25% to 5.5% range. With regard to cash funding and based on today’s conditions, we expect net pension contributions of roughly between $75 million to $100 million in 2012. That wraps up my remarks and with that, I’ll turn the call over to Andy for Q&A.
Barb Niland: Well, this is Barb. And I would say is, we have multiple ships under construction on the Virginia-class program and I don’t believe 10.7% is sustainable and ratable, but during the third quarter we had an unusual amount of favorable risk retirement primarily related to the delivery of California and then New Mexico completing the warranty period. But because we have ship -- six subs under construction at any point in time, we have different risk retirements across each one of their ships. So you will see some lumpiness in our return on sales on that program.
Barb Niland: Well, we’re talking about risk associated with getting those programs out of the yard. But right now as we see it both LPD 23 and 24 are over 85% complete at this time and they are going to deliver in the latter part of the first half of next year, so we feel at this point in time those provisions are about where they need to be.
Barb Niland: Sure. Not a problem. Yeah. Our cash performance was actually pretty good but that was really due to accelerated cash collections and just timing. Inventory is higher than the end of last year and part of it’s due to the – clearly Avondale restructuring costs. But also we talked about the performance on our LPDs and LHA 6 and that manifests itself in inventory with the retentions and the progressing on those ships. And so you’ll see a big change in that inventory as we deliver the ships. So right now we are just paying the price for that.
Barb Niland: Heidi, we are not going to break amount the numbers. But what I can tell you is, the biggest, the unusual events were just the delivery of California and then New Mexico coming out of the warranty period. So we had some pickups because we retired risks there. But across the program, we have different incentives, we have material incentives, scheduled incentives, small business incentives, as we retire all that risks we will have cumulative pickups there. When we make the complete modules and deliver modules, we’ll retire risk there. We will retire risk based on our cost performance, our labor performance. So it’s a constant watch across each of the ships.
Barb Niland: The services margins -- there was a little bit of pickup related to a very tiny amount related to the Toledo DMP. And then in addition to it is just all of our Savannah River, the way we do that margin with no sale comes in and it’s just timing. I don’t expect to see that continue.
Barb Niland: I think it will be a little less than that because of the aero funding that we received on the Savannah River contract and then that will start to be declining.
Barb Niland: Well, you calculated about right and really it’s just kind of a normal phenomena vendor here all your vendors are going to getting their invoices and want to get paid by the end of the year, but also some of our work is completing towards the end of the year. So, we’ve talked about we were finishing that inactivations facility, we have the extension on [NLF] going on getting ready for the two subs a year. We’re buying equipment getting ready for the two subs a year because we’ve already started that second one. So, a lot of it it’s just timing at the end of the year and somehow the suppliers always get their invoices in at the end of the year to make their sales numbers to and as they complete the work. So, I look forward to be real.
Barb Niland: This year we just had a small amount of pension contribution so it is significantly more, the discount rates are driving that.
Barb Niland: Well, that’s the problem when you look at your business -- at our business on a quarterly basis it’s a little harder because of the lumpiness those with cash as well as risk retirements on the program. So, you really need to look at this business more instead of quarter-over-quarter but more year-over-year type look at the total year.
Barb Niland: Well, what we were just talking about on the Virginia Class, just the fact that we delivered California, we came out of...
Barb Niland: Yeah. Well, we take our discount rate-- we use a discount rate based on AA bonds where the duration matches the timing of our pension flow. So, I -- based on where discount rates are today and everything untitled get the lower end of our range we’re given you.
Barb Niland: So if -- I will know that from the end of the year, end of year we do our measurement and it’s every body’s guess what the market is going to do and where we’re going to be.
Barb Niland: Yeah. I mean, I hate to use the word lumpy all the time, but that’s just kind of the aware our businesses. I would look at not a significant change in the fourth quarter to the third quarter.
Barb Niland: Okay. Good question. I talk about this all the time our invoices are pretty big and at the end of the year have a lot of invoices outstanding and its all based on timing. So very hard to give you a point estimate on that. If all goes well, I look for the trend to continue favorably, but we did have a great timing in the third quarter a lot of invoices were paid early. So I look at cash flow to improve a little bit.
Barb Niland: It’s really driven by the engineering content is starting to decline a little bit and the construction is picking up, but we had -- last year full fledged engineering and construction going on at the same time. So, it’s just overall little decline in the engineering side.
Barb Niland: Well, right now what we are doing on the cash side is and we’ve been saying this all along, until we get these LPDs and LHA-6 out of here we are going to be conservative on our cash deployment strategy. We will look at starting next year we will start to take in a real hard look at a balanced approach and when we make that decision we will let you know.
Mike Petters: Well, as far as the outlook goes, we’re not changing the outlook based on this first competition. As I said, we’re very disappointed that we didn’t win that competition. On the other hand, this was the very first competition that we’ve had since Katrina happened. And we’ve been doing a lot of work over the last three and half years getting ourselves ready doing the things that we thought were important and we did measure up. But what we have now is we actually have a stake in the ground on a target to shoot for, before that we were doing what we thought was right and what we thought would make value and we made a lot of progress, we just didn’t get all the way to where we need to be. Now we have a target to shoot for, we look forward to the next competition. We congratulate the team at there, we wish them well and we’ll see them in the next competition, we’re energized to go get it.
Mike Petters: Well, we have ongoing in all of our contracts we usually end up with some -- with several kinds of disputes with our customers over various issues. And this particular one, I think has to do with our earned value management systems, but we have range of them and those disputes and withholds are spelled out in our filings. Again, this is something we will engage with -- have engaged, frankly, with our customers on and we will continue to engage on. But as far as our outlook and flows for the business we don’t see this is having any effect.
Mike Petters: No. There is no change, I mean 22 is, we do expect 22 to deliver this year and 23 and 24 next year. And our target has always been 9 plus percent in 2015, so no change there. The team is performing right on line and right on track with the plans that we’ve laid out.
Mike Petters: Well, without being terribly specific what we said is that 2013 is a point of inflection for margin improvement. And what will happen is these, by 2013 all of the underperforming contract work will be behind us and Avondale situation would be behind us at that point too. The new contracts will be coming on. Our bias towards conservatism on the front-end of new contracts, we’ll be ramping up on those contracts in terms of margin recognition, which is why we see this getting up to the run rate in 2015. So you think of 2013 is a point of inflection.
Mike Petters: At this point, I’m not sure that it makes a lot of sense for us to try to guide into this environment at all.
Mike Petters: Yeah. I mean any one of these things would be completely assumption driven and so to have three of these things -- these three things, all of them being so assumption driven that, pick your set of assumptions you get a set of numbers. So from our standpoint that’s not effective in our communication plan and what we’re trying to communicate is that, we are – we’ve got our eyes wide open on what the risks around these different issues are.
Mike Petters: Yeah. It’s a great question Heidi. I think to answer that, lets go back and remember why we have underperforming contracts in the first place. The contracts that were signed on the LPDs and the LHA were signed in the aftermath of Katrina when the yard was being rebuilt, but the culture of the yard had been broken. And so the cost baseline that was assumed in those contracts was not correct. What we are doing, while we absolutely recognized the points that you made that there are certainly going to be different kinds of risk sharing, there is going to be different kinds of terms and conditions out there. The fundamental issue for us is, if we can get the cost baseline right that’s going to be a major improvement in where we’ve been over the last five years. And the contracts that we are negotiating today, we are negotiating those off of the cost baseline that we’re actually performing to today rather than, so we know what the cost baseline is for us to go get this work under contract. As I said you’re exactly right there are other pressures out there that if we were running at a full rate, I would say we would be in the same boat as everybody else. But we’re resetting the cost baselines right now in all of our contracting and so that overwhelms the effect that you talked about.
Mike Petters: There is -- I would say no in general. I think you could note that the -- our third quarter is the end of the government’s fiscal year. And so there may be on a kind of a random basis there may be some effect of that that might have a little bit of an effect. But in this particular case, the fiscal calendars had nothing to do really with this. This was about work that we finished and risks that we retired.
Mike Petters: I mean -- as we’ve talked many, many times when we go to negotiate a contract, we’re in that end of the business where we’re either our sole source supplier or we’re in a head-to-head competition with one other supplier. We are not in that end of the business where there 8 competitors out there who our and they’re in a pretty strong competitive environment which drives -- which drives the negotiations. So typically in our negotiations where we go into is, it’s usually less about price and it’s more about how we’re going share the risk that’s here. Neither one of us the government wants to buy the ships that we’re offering. We want to sell the ships that we’re offering, we want to try to find a way to share the risk, because by sharing the risk we are creating value for shareholders and we’re saving money for the tax payers. And so I think that -- that’s discussion of how are you going share the risk is what our negotiations all about. We get lost in all of this is that, if you sign a cost-type contract with the government the reality is, even if you only retire 80% of the risk and you have to increase the cost by some dollars for the 20% you didn’t retire. You save the tax payers in contracts you save that tax payers hundreds of millions of dollars, because if they had signed a price-type contract the price would have been 30% to 40% higher.
Mike Petters: So, that’s what discussion is all about for us really it’s less about the price and its how do you craft the contract in a way that makes sense for the tax payers and make sense for the shareholders. And, for me the center of that conversation is, do we have a common view of what the risk is, do we have a view and can we create a common view of how we’re going to share that risk.
Mike Petters: I can’t say, I mean what we’re talking about at this point in our contract negotiations are contracts or ships that have been authorized and we were and either been fully appropriated or mostly appropriated and we’re working our way through that. The negotiations are tough, but we don’t see that the things are being held back. If that’s what you mean.
Mike Petters: Yeah. And we’re not seeing the effect of that. We’re seeing that things are taking a little bit longer just because of the -- the as I said before, trying to get this -- trying to get a common view of what the risk in the program is and then trying to find a way to make sure it makes sense for everybody. That takes a little bit -- that’s taken a little bit longer now, but that’s not a flow issue I don’t think.
Mike Petters: I see, I think that’s probably about this time next year is what I think the plan is at this point. But we’d have to I guess, we have to confirm that. I think that’s what it is and I think that the most important thing for our team right now is, the feedback loop that we got from this last competition allow us to go in and see what the opportunities are for us to be more competitive.
Mike Petters: Our general presumption in the DDG line is that we will win about half of those. And there is four ships have been awarded so far and we’ve won -- and we’ve got of them. We’ve obviously got another competition coming up and we’re getting ready to go do that. But the loss of this specific ship while it’s very frustrating, it’s also very helpful to my team will allow us to be even more competitive for the next, for the next go round. And all of that’s not going to have at this point -- at this point there is not, we don’t see any change, any reason to change our outlook for 2015.
Mike Petters: Yes. I mean, I think that when -- on these kinds of programs particularly the LHA six program, you are going to -- you are going to recognize it from when you fight it on the ship and when you fight it on the ship is when you are in the test program. If you done the work, if things have come together the way they -- the way you plan for then the test program will validate the work that you have done. The uncertainty comes in because of the -- the nature of the new design work and the nature of the -- the way that we put in. Now we’ve work hard to improve our first time quality in the business and we’re doing very diligent work, the program team on that ship is working very hard to define the scope of work as they are going through the construction process. But its really when you get into the testing program that you can validate either a) we’ve retired that risk or b) we’ve got more work to go do before we’re done with the work. So that’s kind of why -- that’s kind of why its back-end loaded the way that it is.
Mike Petters: I mean, I consider that at this point to be relatively flat and we are going through a phase where you will see, the work ship from one side to the other. You’ll see -- in fact you already seen some of that. But over the long-term, we don’t see any reason to change the overall outlook for the business.
Mike Petters: We haven’t provided any sort of guidance by division like that. We just kind of have kept it at the corporate level and said this looks pretty flat across the whole business.
Mike Petters: Well, thanks for the question. We -- our plan -- our plan of record that we are executing today is that we are closing that facility. There are lots of reasons, lots of stakeholders who have hope for other outcomes. And we are very respectful of that. We purposely wanted to explore all of those other outcomes, because we’ve got great ship builders there and we owe them the chance to go and explore the possibility of other outcomes. The State of Louisiana has stepped up and said if you’re able to find another path the state is willing to create some incentives and so you could think about this as, we’re on a path to closure, but if there is another way the state would be -- they’re trying to find a way to incentivize that. What we’ve said from the beginning is that we got to have four things fall into place for us to do anything other than close the shipyard. The first is, we really do need a package of incentives from the state. And they come forward in a very big way and to compliment the State of Louisiana they are working very, very hard to try to help us find another outcome. The second is, that we needed to have some agreement with the Navy that we were under the far that we would be able to go and explore these alternatives without giving up our rights on as far as restructuring costs and closure and we got that. So that’s the first two of the four things we need. The last two things we need is, we need a credible partner and we need a sustainable market. Now, if you put those four things on the list you’d say, okay, which of these are the toughest things to get, the sustainable market and the credible partner are clearly the toughest things to get. And so and that’s where we are now. I don’t think there is any chance that we would be able to get a partner if we didn’t have the state working with us and we didn’t have the Navy working with us on this. But having said that, just because they are working with us it doesn’t mean that we will get one and so, as far as the complication goes, until we have partner if we have one and until we believe that there is some sort of sustainable market that that partner wants to pursue that we could support. We’re on path to closure and we’ve got that well scoped out, there is a program plan that we’re using, we’re -- unfortunately we’ve continue to layoff people and we’re closing shops there even as we go forward. So, it’s not the most elegant approach to the business, it’s what’s we owe to our fellowship builders at Avondale, the folks that are doing such great work we owe them. It’s our responsibility to make sure that we turn over every rock looking for possibilities here and stepping all the way back what we’re seeing is that there are lot of folks out there who are looking for sites to do manufacturing. And so who knows, we may be able to make something out of nothing here.
Mike Petters: Yeah. I’m not sure, I want to be that specific yet, I mean our aperture is pretty wide open to possibilities, but the reason the fundamental reason we’re looking for a credible partner and a sustainable market is, this needs to be in a place that’s not in the Navy work that we’re doing today. That means it’s going to be in some line of work that we’re not doing today, where we don’t have a whole lot of expertise and so we’re going to need somebody who understands the sustainable market that we’re looking for. They don’t understand what the key to success are going to be there, they understand how to -- how to drive and orient the process, so they can be successful. And so we would -- think of that more as a follow roll for us as opposed to a lead roll. But, our aperture is wide open at this point.
Mike Petters: Thank you. I just want to thank you all for participating in the call this morning. Again we -- this was another great quarter of improvement for us in operating income, operating margin and free cash flow. We do still have risk on the LPDs and LHA-6 programs, but we are making progress on those shifts and we are ramping up our new business and that means that we are still on track with the plan that we’ve laid out at the beginning of this year. Our goal here at Huntington Ingalls is to provide our warfighters with the highest quality shifts at the lowest possible cost on or ahead of schedule. Those are objectives that we believe create value for all of our stakeholders. So thanks for joining us this morning and we look forward to seeing you in the future.
