Mike Petters: We still think of the navy business as flat for the year at a 9% to 10% return on sales. Ingalls did have a good Q1 across a broad array as ships and continue to perform well and there are risk retirement milestones through the balance of the year and we're just going to have to see how we perform there, but we still believe it's 9% to 10% navy business.
Mike Petters: Well it's reasonable to think about the $150 million of headwind that we face compared to 2016, teams working very hard top that with working capital performance, but we still see that $150 million of headwind in the year.
Mike Petters: So, when you about Newport News, we've previously spoken about the transition between Block 3 and Block 4 of 78 and 79 and then the RCOH efforts. So, in 79, we don't launch that ship until 2020. So, we're going to be conservative as we move through the production cycle on that ship. There is really nothing material that I can I mention until the launch of that ship.
Mike Petters: Yeah all of that is essentially with this 2017 deal that's been reached in the last few days, where we've kind of come through a CR, which is pretty lengthy, which we're glad we're through that. We're happy with the way the '17 piece turned out. Now as we finish that part of it we're going to be -- it's all eyes on '18 what the budget -- what the request looks like and then how that gets worked through Congress. What I would tell you is that our discussions with the Pentagon and the Hill have been really focused on how is the most efficient way to buy the stuff you want to buy. Across the Board, I would say for the most part, the country knows what it wants to get. We're investing in those things to do that as efficiently as possible. The question is can you actually acquire them in the most efficient way. So, for example you didn't mention it, but the most efficient way to buy an aircraft carrier is to buy two of them at a time. We've done that before. That creates the rhythm in the business and the spacing in the business that is most efficient for the business and the same thing can be said for all of the other programs. The Virginia Class program, we're in a rhythm now where we're doing two per year. It appears that there's going to be demand for more than that and so how do we pace ourselves to increase that production flow. The Columbia class as we head to the first ship, what's critical now is that we have to keep the design money flowing through the budget process, so that we get that ship started on time and this is really tricky because lots of times we cut the design money in favor of other things and then we try to make it up in production, which leads to cost excursions in production. So, our view has not changed on any of this stuff. You need to keep moving. You need to be pretty sustainable on it. Buying Carriers two at a time, increasing the production of Virginia class, increasing the production of the DDG program especially Flight 3, accelerating the LXR program, so that you can get -- now that we have LPD 29 in the plan, let's now build right off of that and go into LXR. Let's make sure we do that as efficiently as we possibly can, but it's going to be all eyes looking at the 2018 budget and then not just the President's request but then how that debate plays out on the hill.
Mike Petters: There was no material financial impact. We dealt with that within the AC on the ship and there was just minor technical issues that had to be dealt with.
Mike Petters: Well, that $29 million is for AR bankruptcy as of March 29. We're continuing to work and produce product for Westinghouse. We have a contract to do so and we fully expect to be paid for that. There is some assurance relative to the additional debt financing they received and then there are interim assessment agreements that they have in place with the owner. So, we have a contract. We're continuing to work and produce really good product. We expect to get paid.
Mike Petters: I think just to clarify that, I think the owners have stepped in with the intention of trying to figure out how do we proceed forward and continue to build these plants and so they’ve given us their assurance with these agreements that we need to keep working to support that while they go figure out how they're going to finish it. And so, we're operating under those agreements right now and under the bankruptcy court.
Mike Petters: There is some seasonality there George, thanks for the question we fully expect that GS organization to be the $1 billion or roughly $1 billion for 2017 so right, there is some seasonality going on there.
Mike Petters: So, there were $57 million positive, $31 million negative, about 65% of that positive was Ingalls, the rest Newport News and then they split to negative fairly equally.
Mike Petters: Yes, so that's a good question. We put in place a capital plan back couple years ago that really didn't -- that was really based on the 30-year plan at that point in time and since that time, the Navy has done there for structure assessment and all these other things have happened that have basically said that the fleet needs to be 20% bigger. And so, our capital plan that we have put in place before this $1.5 billion that we're working our way through, we're going to get to the end of that around 2020 or so. If we find ourselves in a place where we really do need to expand the business to be able to do three destroyers or three submarines, they want to look another look at it and see how that plays out in terms of when do we make -- do we need to make incremental adjustments or incremental investments and when should we do that to support the program? That's why I go back to, all eyes are on the 2018 budget, you've got to actually begin the path and begin the drumbeat of moving down those program lines so that not only we can make those investments, but our suppliers will make the investments that they need to make as well. I continue to insist that we can ramp up faster than the government can appropriate the funding. This is going to be a big signal to the whole industry about whether we should really go down the path or not and that's we'll be watching.
Mike Petters: Yeah, but I think it depends on the program and the timing and there's a lot of variables that we'll have to read the tea leaves of how the budget has shaken out to sort that out.
Mike Petters: Yeah, I think the margin piece of it, what the volume does for us is it does give us a chance to be more efficient more because we can be more predictable in taking advantage of learning curves and capturing the value of whatever investments we make. But I think that just because that they announced that they're going to buy three submarines, that doesn’t change the margin profile in our business. We actually have to get into the work and walk through our risk retirement protocols that we always do to drive that -- to drive those returns. And frankly at the end of the day that whatever volume we have, I think it's just fair to say that shipbuilding is going to be in the 9% to 10% range. That's where our shipbuilding business is going to be. When you have low volume to pressure on it, when you have high-volume it has the opportunity to do -- to make it work better, but I think that's where we're going to be.
Mike Petters: I think the way to watch the LPD program is whether they can fill the pipeline. We've had 28 get added to the process. We've had 29 now get added to the process. We need to see LXR following on 29. I think that if we're able to do that, I think that we're able to -- we will be able to continue to retire risk and execute on that program and take advantage of the production line.
Mike Petters: There is going to be ships that do better than others and that's why we don't give specific guidance on margin by ship or report on margin specifically by ship. We still think it's a 9% to 10% return on sales business and LPDs make up a part of that.
Mike Petters: Before we take the next question, I would like to clarify a comment I made to George, in Q1 of 2016 we did have a restructuring of a fairly significant contract. So, when you think year-over-year from a sales standpoint, Q1 2016 what was a bit higher. So, we'll provide you with the details of that or we'll give you the detail of that subsequent to the call, but that does provide the rationale. Okay. Let's proceed.
Mike Petters: Sure, that's a good question. First if I only start by saying that these investments are generational and long-term kinds of investments and their impact is going to be felt over a long period of time and not necessarily in the next year or the next quarter. That being said, some of the investments that we've made are already showing up value for particular programs. We made some very discrete investments for carrier construction on CVN 79 to drive learning curves in that program as we took the lessons that we learn from 78 and adjusted our build plan and our material plan for sequencing that ship and there are -- there are many, many examples. As I walk around that ship, I see many examples where we're building it differently to capture the lessons that we learn from 78 and that's being driven in some cases by the way that we invested the money and so those investments that we chose to make are playing out the way that we predicted they would. There are other long-term investments that are going to take a couple years just to build the facility and we're even going to be able to use or start to use the facility for 2019 or 2020. So that's a little bit harder to put our hands around. But I would back up one level on all of this. We began -- we made the decision to make this investment ahead of the Navy's reevaluation of the size of their fleet. We were making these investments to optimize our production in support of the third-year plan that was on the street at that point in time. We also have over the last six years -- we've done a got pretty decent job of getting our execution aside of our business in order getting that house in order. And so, I think that where we are today is that we're executing well and were investing against the future which gives the Navy some confidence that they can go out and actually talk about increasing production of existing programs. There may be a chicken and egg thing there about which came first, but I certainly believe that our partnership with the Navy and our ability to perform to the levels that we've been performing and our willingness to invest in their future gives them some confidence that that future that they're drawing out there is achievable. And I think that that's an important part for us to play in the future of our Navy.
Mike Petters: Sure, I'll take that, the cost structure, we've done a lot of work on the cost structure in oil and gas last year, to have that squared away and they're competing very well down in Houston and actually up in Canada as well, we're having staff in Canada, which is which is very positive. I think the stabilization of oil at the price it's currently at has helped provide some of the operators to make some investments. The pipeline while we haven’t seen a complete recovery, we're competing well for the stuff we're competing for and we're very hopeful that that organization will continue to improve as we move throughout the year.
Mike Petters: No, we expect TS to be at the low single-digit for this year. They had some small nonrecurring items that really not significant enough to mention in the quarter, which led to the 5%. So, we still believe it's low single digits, lower than 5%.
Mike Petters: Well I think we're going to continue to evaluate data. Our major thrust right now is to complete the integration of the business and we're seeing -- we're seeing opportunities where the combination is starting to be able to pursue things that they couldn't pursue on their own before. Where that leads us to identification of capabilities that could be added, we'll have our eyes open for that and that's kind of the way we're thinking about it, focusing on the integration right now.
Mike Petters: Thanks for the question. There is no question that we're better off with the ship than without it. I think that's clear. I think if we back up, the LPD program was going to end after LPD 27 and the LXR program was somewhere over the horizon and we made the point that as we were beginning to feel the production line heat up and become more efficient across the Board, we made the point that about the time we get this line really running, we're going to stop work and then sit on it for four or five years until the LXR program came. LPD 28 became the first step in a bridge to get from LPD 27 to LXR, but LPD 28 was not a sufficient bridge at the time. LPD 29 is the next piece of the bridge. The last piece of the bridge is to get LXR brought in a little bit and the more we can make LXR look like LPD, the more you're going to be able to take advantage of the production line that we have. So, all of that is part of the process and I would not say that -- I would say that LPD 29 is a very big step, but I wouldn't say that we're completely out of the woods on that yet. We still got to see the LXR program move ahead and we need and in all the new moving parts of the project we've got to see that LXR program stay the course and move ahead and take advantage of the production lines. That means it's got to look like LPD. Secondly, I would point out that the LPD program is only one of four programs that we have at Ingalls right now and so while it's a very important part of our business there, the National Security Cutter Program is important, Destroyer program is important and the LHA program is important. And so, once ship in one of those programs is not going to solve the problem, it becomes a part of the solution and we have to have -- we have to be looking at all of those. If we ramp up the DDG program, if the next LHA is on track, LHA 9 gets in the plan and we can move down the path where we continue to work the NSCs then I think you've got Ingalls will continue to be able to do this for a while. On the other hand, if you have hick-ups in all of that, all of those are important to the future of Ingalls and it’s not reliant on any particular one of them.
Mike Petters: I think that's still moving around a little bit. We just saw some more funding for an additional destroyer in the writeup in the build for this week. How that gets phased-in feathered into the production line is something that the Navy is discussing with both companies at this point in time. And I would say that quite frankly all the options are still on the table. We believe that it's imperative that we move ahead with Flight 3 and we're trying to find that the best way to do that in support of our customer and so how we do that I think it remains to be seen, but that's kind of the -- and as far as I'm concerned, contract type goes along with the risk register. If you have a lot of risk, you got to think more about the cost type contract. If you think you've got your arms really around the risk, you can move more towards a priced, contract and because all of those options right now are on the table, are after wide open, I wouldn't put a stake in any one of those at this point.
Mike Petters: Certainly, when you change the ship to the extent this is being changed, that there will be -- there will be newness in those risk and the newness. The question really comes down to the maturity of the design and how confident we are that the design is mature enough to move ahead and that's part of the evaluation process we go through. We feel pretty good about that right now, but we still got some more work to do.
Mike Petters: Yes, we are continuing to discuss possible resolution with the Navy and we did actually do a formal filing at the end of April with the PCAs and we're following both paths. We think it's prudent to do that, but no real progress or information that we can provide at this time on that.
Mike Petters: Well I think you're exactly right George, I was scratching my head last night, trying to think when there was the last time we saw $20 billion SEM line right and I'm not sure I've ever seen that. So, there is no question that everyone is heads are in the right place saying this is something that we need to go do. So, I have confidence. Having said that, the proof is going to be in the pudding so to speak and when the budget request comes over on '18 there's things that we're going to need to see. What would I like to see? I would like to see a desired by two carriers get the contract -- get the carriers under contract two at a time. I'd like to see a stated intent to increase the volume in procurement for VCS and the DDG program. I'd like to see the LXR program stay the course or move ahead a little bit. I don't know if they can do all of those things, given the constraints that they have and so your point about shipbuilding being a long-term business is exactly right. One good year doesn't mean that we have a sustainable program. We've got to stay the course year for a few years to really get this moving and I'm optimistic about that, I'm encouraged that everybody is talking about it the right way. I'm watching the mechanics to make sure that mechanically it gets done.
Mike Petters: I think it depends on how you decide you're going to fund it and pay for it. In the carrier case for instance if you decided that you wanted to buy two carriers at a time and you were going to fund all of that in one year, that would be a pretty significant piece, but the carriers are actually allowed to fund the ship over four years and if you decided to authorize and fund the ship -- two ships, you might decide that you're going to fund that over six years or something. So, there's -- like I said the mechanics matter and the pressure of where do we set the budget for any particular year and how are we going to manage the cash flow, I think is a very that a very detailed discussion between the Navy and the authorizers and the appropriators in the industry and my view is that's why I say one budget doesn't necessarily solve the problem. On the other hand, let me just say the '17 solution is a really good solution and I am really optimistic about where the '18 could go, but I need to see it mechanically get there.
Mike Petters: Well, I just want to thank you all for joining us today. As we finish the first quarter we've got two carriers that are in the throes of delivery right now between the refueling and the Ford. We have a submarine that we're trying to deliver. And so, it's a busy time for us right now in getting ships available to the sailors in the fleet and we're excited about where our business is. We're exceptionally excited about the future of our business and we really appreciate the interest you have in our company and we look forward talking to you again. Thank you.
