Chris Kastner: Thanks, Tom. In summary, we delivered consistent results in 2022 and we believe we are well positioned to grow in markets of critical importance to our customers, while executing on almost $50 billion of backlog in 2023 and beyond. We will continue to make long-term strategic decisions that benefit our employees, customers and shareholders, creating long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Now I will turn the call over to Christie for Q&A.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. Definitely. I believe that we have come through some challenging times with COVID and we have got some ships that are still working through that. Ingalls is obviously north of that and Newport News is making great strides. And I think the biggest issue we can work on a Newport News is simply work in the operating system, getting the Block IV boats delivered over the next two years and three years and transitioning to Block V. So, yeah, absolutely, it’s a 9% business. I am not going to give a forecast for when that’s going to happen, but I do expect performance to continue to improve from here.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. So I will give you an example of that, Myles. It’s related to expenses towards the end of the year that we didn’t -- that the actuals were higher than what we forecast, stuff like medical benefits, the insurance premiums, we just didn’t get that right.
Chris Kastner: Not really. I will -- Mission Technologies is pretty stable, adding throughout the year with really industry standard attrition rates in a very competitive market. We plan to add about 5,000 shipbuilders throughout the year and then there are some positive indications in not only hiring, but also over time, attendance and attrition. So there are some positive indicators. I wouldn’t necessarily relate it back to margin. Newport News will hire more this year than Ingalls. We don’t break that out separately. But I wouldn’t necessarily relate that back to margin, no.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. But the constraint is labor. Our shipyards are facilitized to grow in excess really of that 3% and -- but we need to be conservative and how we project -- how we are going to add labor over the next few years. But is there upside? Yes, of course.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. Interesting enough, there’s a lot of initiatives both at the state and federal level to help in workforce development. And we are actively communicating with both states that are involved in that and the federal government for infrastructure and workforce development support.
Chris Kastner: … CVN 79 had a pretty solid year. They met their compartment commitments for the year, EMALS is essentially built out. It’s pretty amazing. I was up there last week and the equipment is in and they started that test program. The topside test program has begun. So they have got a bit of momentum. I hate to use football reference, but the big game is this weekend, but 79 is what I call four yards in a cloud of dust, right? They are -- every week they are executing on a lot of volume work. They met their commitments for last year. They have got a lot of work in front of them, but I have high hopes for success on that program.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. So attrition got better throughout the year. I don’t have the specific number here. We added about 5,000 heads, but it did trend better as we move through the year and it’s gotten better in January as well. It’s pretty -- it’s what I call this a bit of stability showing up in the Shipbuilding organizations from not only a labor standpoint, but also supply chain and inflation. It’s not back to pre-pandemic levels, but it’s definitely stabilized and that’s what we need to execute.
Chris Kastner: I wouldn’t necessarily say it’s eating up all the upside. I would say that we are very conservative in how we deal with the EAC and there’s a lot of really complex work in front of us. So I would not necessarily say it’s eating up all the upside.
Chris Kastner: It will definitely give us a lot more confidence moving forward after we get those Block IV boats delivered and transition into Block V.
Chris Kastner: Well, remember, Block IV was impacted the most by COVID, right? We had a pretty material impact back in 2020, which really reduced our profit expectations on those boats. So we just need to get through them. We need to get them delivered. The program schedules are pretty stable right now and a lot of cooperation between electric boat Newport News and really senior Navy to get through those program schedules. So we just need to get through them and then we will transition into Block V.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. Thanks, David. You have to remember that the vast majority of that work is cost plus. So that would indicate that you would have a lower EBITDA percentage. I do think there’s opportunity for upside as we present more solutions and move into a fixed price sort of arrangement. We are not prepared to say that it’s going to get better than that right now, but there is opportunity for improvement and that’s something we are evaluating.
Chris Kastner: Well, yeah, Doug, this is Chris. I will start and then Tom can jump in there. There’s absolutely an overhang related to Block IV boats that we are dealing with and so we should expect a margin step up. Now we haven’t guided beyond 2023 and we need to be conservative, because we need to make sure the labor shows up and we get them trained up and they go execute. But I think you are right, relative to that overhang on Block IV, so we need to get those delivered. And as I said previously, those schedules are being very consistent right now. Cost performance, we are working on every day. Go ahead, Tom.
Chris Kastner: Thank you for that question, Doug. It’s an important one. The Newport News and EV team, they work very closely together in understanding when the work, what work and how that work gets executed. So there could be movement of work between the yards where it’s most efficiently done if there’s labor issues and they are working very closely together. Their objectives are completely aligned to deliver all the Block IV boats. And I would add also the Navy is engaged as well. It’s all from the deck plate to the senior executive force. Everybody is all in and all of our objectives are aligned to get those Block IV boats delivered. And I will say that we are fully staffed on Block IV and Colombia, and we are working very hard on execution there. And not only is a Newport News working between each other, but working to ensure that any sort of outsourcing is effectively managed to ensure that we get -- that we meet our production schedules.
Chris Kastner: So I will start and then Tom can get into the details and thank you for saying we don’t guide by shipyards. We don’t do that. But I firmly expect Newport News will be better this year. I think they are executing their operating system very well. I think labor is more stable. I think the supply chain is more stable. I think the team has some momentum and I think Newport News is going to do better this year. So, with that, Thomas, you want to add anything about Ingalls, I think, they are pretty stable as well.
Chris Kastner: Sure. Sure, Gautam. When you look at the 2023 milestones, I think, Tom already mentioned that Q1 was pretty light. The pretty evenly distributed across Q2 and Q3, but then CVN 79, excuse me, LPD 29, yeah, is in Q4. So that’s at the end of the year. So that’s the one we will have to watch. We got a lot of confidence in and the team down in Mississippi, but that’s the one towards the end of the year.
Chris Kastner: Not really. Pretty stable from a schedule standpoint on the VCS program. We have movement here and there, but it’s pretty stable. I got to hand it to that team, the program team and the construction team. They are getting after it and they are learning every day. So it’s been pretty stable. We need to stay on.
Chris Kastner: We are not going to forecast 2025 free cash right now. But I think your logic is okay. The business is going to grow. And if we stay down with those working capital numbers, you are not going to get a benefit from it. You are going to have to get it from growth and margin improvement. So I think your logic is sound. But we do definitely believe that free cash is going to get north of $700 million in 2024 and then continue to grow from there.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. Well, it’s absolutely more stable now than it was a year ago, okay? And that’s a testament to the hard work, the shipyards have put in to really kind of pivot who they were hiring, increase the training, increase the leadership training. So it’s absolutely better. I don’t know if you have ever done, right? There was a pretty generational change in our workforce where we lost a large swath of people through COVID. So we are retraining a workforce and retraining foreman and general foreman and construction superintendence and that’s happening. And the best thing we can do and the greatest learning potential is delivering ships. We are going to deliver five this year. Once you have been through that, you have learned a lot and they are going to continue to learn a lot. So I think it’s only improvement from here. I don’t think you have ever done, but I think we have made great progress.
Chris Kastner: Thank you for joining today. I am proud of all the hard work put in by the team and I am confident the hard work we are doing will pay off and value creation for all our stakeholders moving forward. Thanks again for joining the call.
Tom Stiehle: Yeah. Myles, this is Tom. We haven’t given an exact number, obviously, if you work yourself through the math of where we are, expectations on the revenue and the margin expansion, the free cash flow bridges that we have given you and then the capital expense as long -- as well as with the working capital, the numbers fall that way. So as we work ourselves through the year, we -- the cash is generated. We anticipate to continue to buy back shares as we see value in the share price. But we haven’t really guided on how that is going to be portioned over 2023, 2024. We stand behind our commitment to that all excess free cash flow will be given back to the shareholders after debt repayment schedule.
Tom Stiehle: Yeah. So we don’t provide the actual margin booking rates to step up, so step backs on any individual program. I would tell you -- to give you some color on that, on the adjustments, there was nothing significant either are up or down on any individual program. So the answer to your question is no on that. I would tell you that the effect that you are seeing at Newport News there is, although it’s net down as far as the adjustments it has, it was really a function of not having the upside that we would normally see. So if you kind of range bound to what we saw on the downside of EAC adjustments, because the timing on the milestones and just where they saw a little bit of a draw short on labor, a little bit of pressure on overhead costs, overhead absorption is a little bit higher on all the programs there and CVN 79 is not immune to that effect as well. But it was not significant enough as you see it’s not called out in the K.
Tom Stiehle: Chris, if I could hop on that too. Pete, so on that, to your question of IV or V, yeah, Block IV has been with COVID in 2021, 2022. So it’s long run rate, those contracts have had in the EACs with some additional costs. I think it’s two-fold. One, getting those Block IV boats done alleviates the mix in the portfolio at Newport News, so there’s a list that you talked about there. But then also it’s just -- those boats give us time to come down the learning curve, the lessons learned, the metrics and the operating system and the pressure on that we have on boat there. It truly is a production line of all programs you have, it’s the most serial production line with the modules go and then the boats are there, some will go from unit-to-unit with the same personnel. So getting through IV and then that kind of benefit lifts the Block V, which has higher profit potential. And then it will take the preponderance of the portfolio mix at Newport News. We crossed over the end of last year. So already now the sales proportion between Block IV and V is now more in V and IV. So there’s going to be a natural progression of improvement with learning for boats being accomplished and then that learning and higher profit potential on Block V is going to be affecting the New Port’s portfolio.
Tom Stiehle: Sure. If I can hop on the back of that, right? So we talked about Block IV here and what we took back in Q2 of 2020, I would tell you the portfolio with Colombia that’s coming on board and sales. So that’s a new stock program that’s booking along right now across that contract. I have some change, change in unadjudicated change that still has to get proposed and pushed through the system. So that’s going to increase, we are very conservative on that until those unadjudicated changes are definitized. That’s boat RC 73 and 74 as is in infancy too both cost type contracts. So the portfolio just has a little bit higher level of that as we see it. And then, lastly, I think, as we go forward, burn down risk as 79 marches to its completion, as Chris said earlier, there’s a potential with good performance there for additional upside here. So I think we just find ourselves in a situation where the ships are right now, not too many milestones, a little bit of drag on overhead, down on labor. And I think we are booking prudently to conservatively right now as we want to see us pushing ships over the goal line. Those deliveries I mentioned is two each for 2023 and 2024, and I think, that will assist in the margin list, as well as Block IV gets small in the portfolio mix with the potential of Block V as we move forward. I think the Columbia program will mature and with 73 out of here at this year, a 74 focus and maturity will assist the portfolio of profitability as well.
Tom Stiehle: Yeah. It was just the drag that we talked about at the end of the year. We had a strong first half of the year over 9% and we guided to 7% for the back half of the year and even Q3 was in that lane and we thought that the remaining 13 weeks of the year, we had that. But the shortfall of labor that we saw, a couple of the overhead or the non-programmatic issues drove hit boat yards actually on the cost that we talked about, on medical and just that shortfall as we go through and take a look at EAC performance and then the cost and how overheads flow through there, there’s a little bit of a drag on where we thought we would land. So if you call it on the call, I was focused on saying I want to see how the year plays out. We did stay on the guide at 8% to 8.1% and we thought we could get that home. But as the EACs kind of rolled up, there was just a little bit of a drag. I would say both to this question, George, and the previous one. From a Newport News perspective, 6.2% last year, 6.1% this year, about the same type of performance overall, if you think about it, another year with some drag upfront, with the effects of COVID and then supply chain, inflation, big year on inflation and then the hiring demands that we had here. So I am quite comfortable with promise as far as what the Newport News team accomplished it. But to your point, we thought we would get that home and Q4 came in a little flattish on Newport News than we expected.
Tom Stiehle: Not yet, but I can. No. I did, yeah. I referenced them, just that we didn’t have a tremendous downside. We just didn’t have upsides at Newport News. But from a -- for the quarter perspective, what we saw was the gross favorable were $29 million, the gross unfavorable were $56 million. That was a net of $27 million. And effectively, about 100% of that was at Newport News, basically Neutral Ingalls and Mission Technologies. So it was quiet at the other two divisions and Newport News saw a net down of that unfavorable for the corporation of 27 now.
Tom Stiehle: I am with you that we don’t guide by division, but from a historical perspective, things 10.5, 11, 11.1 for the last three years, they have the same portfolio basically done there finding labor overheads, the pressures that we talked about, but very strong operating team, a leadership. They know what they are building, those ships are under production. So I would think historically, they are going to continue perform well. And I think from a Newport News perspective, as they just fight it way through here, new technology started with Ford and now Colombia. We had that booking we talked about back in 2020, a little bit of COVID pressure, inflation, supply chain and hiring. But you can see some stabilization both in the performance over the last two years. We see stabilization and some stability in hiring and the schedule here and our expectation is that that yard can perform better. So I would expect that to increase as we go forward in the year here too.
Tom Stiehle: We are probably just being conservative on the guide. So we had a 6.6% quarter with the impairment out of it, it was 8.3%. We have had quarters at Mission Technology anywhere from the low 8s to the low 9s. Last year was 8.6%. And as I said, adjusted it -- was unadjusted was 8% to 8.6% right now. So I think it’s just a function of net sales base. We have fixed and semi-variable costs there. It’s a good sized operation. We think we have the right people on board with the right strategy. The pipeline has grown year-over-year and the pipeline is more mature. And I think with the Mission Technologies integration into the HII family, with that behind us, as I mentioned in my notes, it was done under budget and is on time. That the team can completely focus on that pipeline, bids, execution and performance. So I think the 8% to 8.5% is just being conservative. Obviously, we want to see a couple of more dollars out of that division last year. We are guiding growth year-over-year right now. We did see Mission Technologies to grow 4% from 2021 to 2022 and each of the business units had growth in them. So those are all positive signs. I think the 8% to 8.5% is just waiting and seeing the awards happen. When the sales hit, I would expect we are going to be on the upper end of that range, if not over it.
Tom Stiehle: Chris has talked about that rhythm of the program, launch one and sell one-off when we saw that in 2022 and in the milestones, you will see that in 2023 and 2024. So we are working it.
Tom Stiehle: Nothing really significant to highlight here. I mean I mentioned in the keel the -- the keel net was at Newport News on that, which was down and they just kind of sprinkled over the programs, but there was nothing really to highlight here.
Tom Stiehle: Yeah. So that’s a great question and we study that all the time and it’s the former -- it’s former with a caveat, right? So we are hitting the point right now. We have been impacted. If you look at the cash flow statement, we were in the $400 million to $600 million. I’d tell you from 2020, 2021 and 2022, those COVID, FICA repays and the COVID payments have tripped up and you have to normalize after that. A couple of things are happening. Obviously…
Tom Stiehle: … prior to this window, the margin has dropped in Shipbuilding as we have kind of run through COVID. So we are fighting and working ourselves back with incremental improvement. The revenue growth with the backlog that we have shown you there and we expect at least have 3% here kind of going forward when we get through this labor crunch, that’s in place. So I think you can model that out. The -- as we go forward, the working capital I believe we will be in that 5% to 6% range and both yards are in a good rhythm right now, the DDG program annually, what we are doing with launch and sell off boat on VCS, the rhythm of Block V is behind that, the two carry by following 79, the Columbia Build 1, Build 2. So I think we are settling down on the mix of the portfolios in each yard and the timing on when they are going to pop out so. We have told you in the past, traditionally a Shipbuilding is like 6% to 8% of what we would expect. That gets water down a little bit, because now with Mission Technology and Alion with more sales in the base the numbers kind of pop down. If you normalize in just to the traditional Shipbuilding what we have talked about, right, we were at 12%, I think, in Q1 of 2022, Q3 of 2023, we are at 14%. We finished the year at 7.8% just for Shipbuilding and now as we go from 7.8% to 8.3% for Shipbuilding sales, we will see ourselves go down to 6% in 2024. That’s in the range that we were highlighting, say, for the first 10 years of the corporation of 6% to 8% in working capital. We were at that range in 2018. We were in the 6% or so. I think that’s sustainable as long as we are in a normal rhythm of adding work, which we have the backlog, we are performing to schedule, so we are selling ships off timely. And although being either at 6% our Shipbuilding sales or is subside, including all my sales with Mission Technology is on the low end of the range. I think what offsets that is the revenue -- an incremental revenue and margin that we think we are going to have in the coming years. So I am still bullish on the north of $700 million is going to be a run rate in a couple of years from now and I think 2024 is that inflection point to kind of start that run.
Tom Stiehle: I will tell you stick with a lot of the numbers, right? So I walk through how we normalize out the 2021 and 2022 because of COVID that you can see we are incrementally going from that $460-ish million to $510 million to $550 million with the guide of $425 million this year, COVID-adjusted, that’s another $550 million. And then I am telling you the working capital is going to get us there in 2024. So that is just say what’s the run rate. I think you are looking at…
