Michael Petters: Sure. First of all, we’re very excited that we’ve been able to execute this transaction. Camber is a government services provider. They provide pretty high-end mission-based services and high-end IT solutions. They have a large Navy presence. We actually team with them on some opportunities with the Navy through our AMSEC subsidiary. But they also have access to other customers, the armies, the intel community, some other parts of the government that frankly some of the capabilities that AMSEC has could be deployed toward those customers and in return some of the customers that AMSEC has, like NAV-C could have access now. We can have more access for Camber to reach into that. I think in a broader sense, these two businesses together have an opportunity to pursue new customers that neither one of them could pursue on their own. And so we’re excited about that. We think that they are just a great strategic fit and frankly the initiative for this acquisition came from inside the business unit. It’s the folks on the deck plate that came and kind of suggested this and we took off – we’ve been looking at this for quite a while and we got it to work out, consistent with the discipline that we laid out in front of you a year ago. Beyond that, we’ve learned a lot from the acquisitions that we’ve done. One of the key things that we have learned is that the pace of the services business is very different than the pace of our normal shipbuilding business. I think we kind of knew that from our government services already, but I think that now that we have the scale with Camber and AMSEC, SN3, and NNI, we put all of those together, we now have the scale to focus on that business in a way that will allow for the pace of the business to be consistent with what is required to be successful in the services business. And it gives us an opportunity to create some growth for the corporation. Our shipbuilding business has been – from the beginning of the spin, we’ve been talking about the shipbuilding business as basically a flat business. We continue to kind of talk about that today, although there may be some opportunities ahead of us. But now we actually have access to a little bit more of the normal natural growth progression in the government services field. And so all of that is very exciting to us. The creation of a third business unit will create a lot of transparency. Transparency is a double-edged sword, for sure. You’ll get to see a lot of what’s happening, good and bad. And we’ve got some work to do to get that entire business segment to a place where the margins are in the normal range and we think the normal range is in the 5% to 7% area. When you first see this come out, there’s going to be all of the puts and takes of a whole lot of different kinds of businesses there. UPI is going to be in there, Continental will be in there, and so we’ll be, as Chris pointed out, low single digit margins with an opportunity to expand those over the next three to five years. And so we think it’s a reasonable approach for us to take to expand the capability of the business, to expand again our customer set, and create access for unique capabilities on the high-end side of the services business to a new set of customers that makes great sense for us and we hope will make great sense for our customers.
Michael Petters: Yes, there’s a major milestone coming up this month we think that will kind of cut loose a lot of the contracting. I think the real question on Ohio class continues to be how the funding is going to work out. The business arrangement has been worked out. Our partners at General Dynamics and the Navy, we’ve got that all sorted out. We kind of know exactly the path ahead, now it’s just a question of can we get through the – can we get the funding straight and can we get out of the sequestered environment that’s kind of keeping a potential for a wet blanket on all of our plans. So that to me is the real big thing to pay attention to. The mechanisms inside the Pentagon are kind of on track.
Michael Petters: Well, I think the first place I’d start with, George, is where’s your horizon? This is a long-term business and we have a customer, our Navy customer, has a 30-year plan that we’re trying to figure out how best to support it. And so we might be able to feel good about something we could do in what we would call the short-term, which is like three to five years. But the real question is how do you build the right set of capabilities for this company to partner and support all of our principal customers for the long term? So we have a plan today that’s going to increase our dividends by 10% a year. We have a plan today that returns with the dividends and the stock buybacks. We’re going to return all of our free cash flow to our shareholders over the next five years and we’re going to do this transition without affecting that. And as Chris pointed out, this transaction actually increases the cash flow. There’s a trade-off there, but I’m not sure it’s really that hard to figure out which way we need to go, because we still have to keep our eye on a horizon that’s pretty far away.
Michael Petters: Yes, sure. This is consistent with what we said a year ago that we’re going to execute in our core business, we’re going to grow our services, and we’re going to return all of our free cash to our shareholders. The oil and gas basis, I think that 10 years from now we’re going to be glad we were in that space, but it’s been pretty rocky for the past few years. And right now if you try to – even if you try to do something over in that space, I think valuation becomes a crapshoot. So we’re not terribly interested in rolling the dice like that. But we’re very proud to be in that business and we’re proud of the work that we do in that space, and we keep a close eye on it.
Michael Petters: Yes, I think you should think about it as the latter. Only from the standpoint of if you look at where that business is, they’re executing mature programs today and they’re executing them very, very well. But on the horizon is a new LXR program, there’s going to be a new competition for the DDG program. We’re just getting started really right on the front end of LHA-8, which we just won this summer. There’s a whole big discussion about an icebreaker program. So these new programs that are out there in the next – in the five-year timeframe are kind of the cycle of the business. And a big part of what Ingalls has to do is go capture a lot of that work. Clearly their performance that they have is going to help them capture that work, but they’ve got to go capture it. And then just like Newport News is going through a transition, they’ll go through a transition as well. They are benefiting right now from working – doing really good work on what had been some pretty tough programs, and they’re being rewarded for it.
Michael Petters: No, that’s actually it’s going – we think that the healthy yard is 9% to 10%. We’ve been operating with services buried inside of Newport News for almost six years, which has been a pressure on Newport News in terms of the 9% to 10%. So stripping this out, what you’ll see is our two shipbuilding segments. I would love to be able to tell you that each of those segments would operate in the 9% to 10% range in a healthy way, but what you’re actually seeing now is what we’ve been talking about. Newport News is going – we’ve been talking about the transition at Newport News for quite a while now. These carrier deliveries that are coming up and then the transitions that Chris mentioned, 78 transitioning to 79, 72 refueling transitioning to 73, the VCS Block III transitioning to Block IV, the startup of the ORP program. Those transitions are happening at Newport News, which that puts them on the lower end of that range. On the other end, Ingalls is at the top end of the range, simply because they are executing very mature programs and they’re doing it exceptionally well. And so between them today you see – you kind of see between the two units how what I think if we lived in the best of all possible worlds you would see that could happen inside of any particular shipyard. We’re just a little bit out of phase at Newport News right now, but we’ll work our way through that over the next 12 to 18 months. And at Ingalls, the question is business development. Can you go capture the new work that’s out there and get it on time? And all of that is why we keep saying that you have to figure out how to get ORP funded, because if you try to take the ORP funding out of the Navy shipbuilding account, it’s going to squeeze programs down and delay them, which will have effect in our shipbuilding business. We think that’s an industry-wide problem, it’s not just an HII problem. But I think it’s the number one issue facing the Navy shipbuilding account, and it’s a subset of the major issue of what the heck are we going to do about sequestration, because we’ve got to get that fixed.
Michael Petters: It’s going really well. We set some pretty good budgets for our labor cost down there and we’re essentially meeting all of those.
Michael Petters: A bit over 20% complete. That includes material procurement, but we’re doing pretty well. We’re hitting our targets there.
Michael Petters: Well, I think we started last year. We told you that our shipbuilding businesses are return on sales kinds of business and our services businesses really need to be a return on capital business, and that’s what excites us about this headline of 5% or 6% or 7% may not get you moving, but a return on the capital investment is minimal. So it’s really about people, it’s about the intellectual property that they bring, and the relationships they have with their customers, and the ability to create cash at the bottom line for our shareholders, and that’s what’s exciting to us. I’m excited that we actually were able to put together this transaction in a way that met the pretty disciplined guidelines that we laid out for you a year ago. We’re going to be creating more cash flow for our shareholders because of this transaction, and we’re excited about that.
Michael Petters: You could see that, Rob, if you define the serial production lines being across several contracts. Like the submarine program has had multi-ship contracts – Block III was several ships, now Block IV is several ships. When you go and you do a new contract in that you’re – in a sense, you’re not resetting back all the way to the beginning of the program, but you’re resetting the relationship between the customer and the industry from a performance standpoint. And how you did on the last contract definitely influences the way that contract looks. And that’s why we kind of, as we transition into these programs at the beginning of the contracts we become pretty conservative again. The last ship of Block III, we expect to do really well. The first ship of Block IV, we’re going to be pretty conservative on. That’s just the way we do it and I think that that’s indicative of the way the business arrangement with our customer works. And I think that – I think that’s probably how you could see that. In the normal course of business inside of a single contract, you should – if you have a multi-ship contract, you should see much better performance at the end of that program than you see at the beginning of that program. But then when you go and reset it for the next contract, you’re going to start all over again.
Michael Petters: Right. That’s right. The multiyear that we have with the DDGs, for instance, that will be another – not only will we reset based on performance, but we’re going to go compete it again. So that creates a whole new set of performance parameters for that next multiyear.
Michael Petters: Right. When you’re only doing one ship on the contract, your opportunity – the mistakes that I’ve seen and been involved with in my career have been where you have one ship following, you do an LPD and then you do another LPD, or you do a carrier and then you do another carrier. And you get out in front of your headlights in terms of risk retirement on the second ship before you’ve actually retired the risk. I think that’s the real problem that you have with the one ship contracts is you can get out in front of yourself if you’re not careful. Our system and our approach that we’ve adopted is fairly conservative and we do our best not to get out in front of ourselves on those single-ship contracts.
Michael Petters: So as an example on the 79, we’re hitting our milestones on the 79 and we’re pleased with progress there. But we’re not about to take a victory lap on it, because we still got 80% of that ship to go. And we’re going to be pretty conservative because we have a good sense of all the things that could not be retired between now and the delivery of the ship.
Michael Petters: Thanks everybody for joining us today and thanks for your interest in our company. We continue to be consistent with what our path to 2020 strategy is. We’re going to execute in our core business. We’re going to continue to grow our services. We think that that’s going to generate more cash for our shareholders and more value for our company. And so we’re excited about the recent announcements and transaction, and we’re really excited about the future of this business. We thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you.
Christopher Kastner: Sure. Initially the low margins, as Mike indicated, are a result of UPI being in the mix and being challenged coming out of the gate and then some investments we’re making in the DOE space for SN3. So, naturally as UPI recovers and we’re successful in our initiatives relative to SN3, you should get a margin lift there. Camber and AMSEC performed very well already. We just need to ensure that we continue that performance.
Christopher Kastner: Yes, it’s a little early for that, and I know you’re frustrated with that answer. I’ll be able to give you that at the year-end call. But I wanted to give you some indication that net cash would be positive and at a similar level plus or minus $20 million from where we are this year from a net cash standpoint.
Christopher Kastner: It’s a good question. It actually enhances it because there’s going to be more free cash to be distributed to shareholders. So we’re using cash on the balance sheet to do this. We’re still committed to investing in our shipyards; $1.5 billion over the next five years, and we told you about our dividend of the 20% increase earlier this week. And we’re still committed to at least a 10% increase over the next four years, and we’ll evaluate that as we come to our plans for those years. But really no change to the strategy; it just provides more cash flow for shareholders.
Christopher Kastner: Yes. I’m comfortable between $500 million and $600 million on the balance sheet and even beneath that. We have a revolver in place that I really wouldn’t want to tap in for operational issues, but our balance sheet is very healthy and I’m comfortable at the $500 million to $600 million level for sure.
Christopher Kastner: We’ve expected this strong capital spend in 2016 for a while. Remember it was 3.5% to 4.5% as we started the year and we’re drifting between 4% and 4.5% now. We think that '17 is going to be a strong year for capital. All these initiatives are started. I drove by the north yard last week and a lot of activity, preparing for the ORP program, a lot of work going on down there. So these major projects have been initiated, and I expect significant capital not only this year but next year.
Christopher Kastner: We have re-phased our issues [ph] to reflect the work to go on the contract and there is a minor adjustment, not significant enough to mention within the quarter, that we’ve already taken into consideration.
Christopher Kastner: Yes, there’s some major investment going on at Newport News. As I said with the ORP program and some significant invoices related to those buildings as well as the fixtures there. So always a couple invoices could slip into next year, but I look at this significant basis on a monthly basis and I fully expect to be between 4% and 4.5% for the quarter.
Christopher Kastner: Yes, you used the right word. It’s transitional. So Block III to Block IV, CVN-72 to CVN-73 for the RCOH efforts and then CVN-78 to CVN-79. So it’s kind of a gradual transition. We still expect it to be essentially flat over the next couple of years. That being said, we’re rolling up our plans right now and we’ll have some more visibility in that at our year-end call.
Christopher Kastner: Absolutely. You’re going to get a lot more visibility into the shipbuilding margins directly related to shipbuilding. So part of the transparency is not only on our services segment, but the transparency that you get related to shipbuilding. So we’re still committed to 9% to 10% return on sales in shipbuilding and I think that’s the right margin for that business.
Christopher Kastner: There was some broad-based pressure related to increased CAS cost at Newport News as well. So I would expect total shipbuilding to be between 9% and 10%. I really would rather not talk about individual yards return on sales performance.
Christopher Kastner: I will say the capital requirements are less than 1% for that organization on a run rate going forward, so that when you think about the difference in how we look at the capital – the investment returns, the capital requirements over there are very minimal.
