Tom Stiehle: Sure. It’s Tom here. Good morning, Doug. I appreciate the question here. Although the growth year-over-year for Q2 was large, capital result took a charge in Q2 last year for the Virginia-Class programs, so that comes on the margin side and the revenue side. So, it has a 21% increase, looking larger than it is. I'll tell you on the back half of the year with COVID understood right now the labor force stable, the contracts that we have no place right now. The run rate that we see is going to play out pretty consistent to the back half of the year. I’d say it's probably a flat to consistent back half of the year. I wouldn't let it run away from you as you try and see the growth from a year-over-year perspective and stick with the guidance that we gave you back at the beginning of the year, I still think that we're running on top of that.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. So, a couple of parts on that answer there. On the Ingalls award down there, it's a long-term services type contract, obviously as the claims in the years get funded in the out years, we'll see that revenue mature down there. The services contract they have is the oversight and then the services aspect for the LPD and LHA program. So that was anticipated as far as our revenue projections that we had for you there. It's not a large portion of the Ingalls portfolio as you see it today. There are potentials going forward depending on how the landscape plays out both from a construction and feature services and our own type work to play out. We'll have to see how that goes forward. From a Newport News perspective, as you mentioned, we took on the LA's overhaul right now. So those were anticipated in our plans also, that was an overflow, right, from where the Navy was. I think medium to long-term we'd like to see ourselves get into a cadence of getting an overhaul on the subside going forward. And as we work with our Navy partner and what that kind of looks like, we'll provide additional guidance on that front.
Tom Stiehle: Good morning, George. It’s Tom here. I'll tell you that we're happy in the books. We kind of have a line of sight the year is going to play out. So factoring in actually the two quarters than what we see here. We're still foreshadowing that Q3 is going to be in light in terms of milestones and risk retirements in the backend of the year for traditional opportunities another six months of a run rate to burn down risk. So, I think, we just felt comfortable and we wanted to help The Street understand where we think we're going to land by year's end.
Tom Stiehle: So, George, it's a one-time event and it was expected, but it doesn't play out in the run rate for the range that we're giving you at 7.5% to 8%.
Tom Stiehle: I may have said that, but now that you bring it up again, we had an ECP that we closed out and I mistakenly put capital incentive. So we had an ECP on a DDG program that cleaned up for us.
Tom Stiehle: Well, I think what we've always talked about is the working capital will be between 6% and 8%. So I think we'll continue to run operations accordingly. The Alion portfolio 85% costs that contract. So we don't see that as a claim from a working capital perspective as that gets integrated into the HI portfolio. But the big drivers that we kind of had highlighted how that $3 billion and now $3.2 billion come about, well more from a function of the 3% CAGR from the revenue, the margin rates popping up from shipbuilding, the capital getting back to 2.5%. And then we run through the math of that. The pension we've kind of cleaned up with Safe Harbor, so there's not going to be fluctuations on that front. I think on a couple of calls we've worked that through for $700 million on a run rate was attainable price of Alion purchase.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So, Myles, its Chris. It really solidifies the next three to four years at Ingalls moving forward and maybe even more important than that, it solidifies the supply base that we keep that that ship class moving on a normal cadence to support Ingalls' readily over the next three to five years.
Chris Kastner: Yes, Ron, this is Chris. I'll start, if Mike wants to add on here. We'll do that, but really team performing well and the partnership performing well. Montana is proceeding to delivery this year, and New Jersey is proceeding to launch and then delivering next year, and then the shops are executing on the modules to support assembly for the subsequent votes. So confident and comfortable with how the Block IV and Block V programs are executing right now. Mike you want to... 
Chris Kastner: Gautam, you've got to be careful here because this is Chris, we're not closed yet, obviously. She doesn’t want to get ahead of that. I will say that we had a very detailed immigration plan in place and then working very well with the Alion and in putting that plan in place. And I'd also I could say that Alion leadership team is going to play a very prominent role in the leadership team, king of the combined company when we do get closed. And we'll be able to report that the status of the integration on the Q3 call, but I don’t want to get in front of closing on that. And Mike, I won't hold up if you want to add anything.
Mike Petters: Sure. And I would probably just follow-up on the back of that too. As you know these bundles whether it's a bundle like we're doing here or a multi-year that provide flexibility to our customers and our parties down there, so whether they decide to take the bundle that's on the table now, or buy them kind of separately, the financial impact – so that obviously, as Mike said, this rates – this rates that come into play, the schedule of the ships, how we buy the material in a lot quantity or do we buy them individually. So all that factors into an affordability profitability piece of the equation now, but we put that forth to be as flexible to our Navy customer as possible and we'll see how they move forward with appropriate funds and award accordingly.
Mike Petters: Yes. So they come online, as you know, we closed on the deal in August. In Q3, you'll get a look – see of the financials when the line rolled in there. We'll give you a little bit more color during the Q3 call for the specifics on how we do see 2021 falling out and then give additional color, as I hold until Q4 in the February timeframe of next year when we give that guidance going forward. I mean there's only so many ways you can spread the $200 million, but I just hold the thought there until we come through the integration and we finish out this year.
Mike Petters: That's great. I appreciate the questions. Sure. So now from a Newport News perspective, we kind of guided in Q1 if there was not going to be many opportunities for risk retirement and milestone from Q2 and Q3 that was exasperated at Newport News. I'd tell you although 5,000, 6,000 a bit low when you combine it with the first quarter, it's 6.1 for the first half year. So it's right in the runway of 6, 7 even if it's on the long side. It was not impacted by any major setbacks. The – favorably EAC increases was $62 million, the unfavorable was $27 million down for a net $35 million. And the upside is a little bit slated towards the Ingalls and then on the unfavorable assistance, slightly slopped from 50:50 towards Newport News, but there wasn't anything specific to call out there. On the favorable side, you will find in the Q there was – and in my comments upfront that the DDG 125 took an incentive for the CapEx and there was some solid performance and risk reduction at LHA, LPD 28 and LPD 29. But on the downside, there is nothing notable to kind of highlight here. Okay.
Mike Petters: Sure. So, I'll tell you traditionally we use cash up front, so we punched out a minus 16 in the first quarter 2023 up here for net of plus seven through the first half of the year, not unexpected. And then Q2 was – the working capital was 7.9%. So, again, in the range of 6 to 8 what we expect. The back half of the year usually does see some favorability to the working capital, and that will come a little bit that we have to keep our eye on as we have to pay back the couple of progress payments at the end of 2021 and that may gates some of the positives – positiveness that you'd see in the working capital traditionally in the back half of HII. So from where we stand here to get to the $150 million to $250 million, it's just the number of operational run on the revenues and the payments flow to the book.
Mike Petters: Sure. Yes, I can give you some color on both of those questions. So when you look at Q1, Q2, this was quite a few one-time events. Other than that, the incentives we're talking about here, on DDG 125 in Q2, Q1 there was a couple of incentives in there too, that we've highlighted. But I've been asked, can Ingalls keep this up at 14% and now 11.9%. And I keep providing the guidance down that that's not a run rate that's sustainable, I think between the one-time events and the incentives that we talked that – we'll see that come down. So I wouldn't really read that because we're giving you the 7.5% to 8% that somehow the margins are dropping off from a performance or operational standpoint at Ingalls. It's just that we won't see those one-time events in Q3 and Q4. From the question on the Newport News perspective, right now, if you look at it, they have a lot of new ships in their portfolio, right. So CVN 80, CVN 81 is coming online. There is a CVN 74 that just popped in here. And CVN 73 is nearing the end from a revenue perspective, and they have less weight on the portfolio there. So it's the mix of the ships that are in at Newport News. So when you talk about 2022 timeframe, those ships as they run through another three, four, five quarters, that'd be burning down risk, and there'll be a potential to increase booking rates.
Mike Petters: Yes. Having to say that, moving the two per year in Block IV, and then we’ve been adding in the Virginia payload module in Block V. Success is going if it depend on rhythm and what we have established here; Chris's team and Jennifer, as the shipyard is establishing right now is they're establishing a rhythm and a program that's going to make them comfortable. We were working that when COVID hit us last year. And so we kind of hasn't stepped back a little bit and reset, but we're pretty excited right now about what's happening today, but also the rhythm that we're setting up for the rest of this program and the rest of the next programs; so pretty excited about that.
Mike Petters: Well, Ron, I guess if you took a – if you decided that everything was static and then you had to do all of that with the people that you have in the plant today, the answer is no, we don't have enough people in the plant today to do that. The fact is that we've been, since COVID began last March, we hired 6,000 people and train them and I will be forever remembered for saying that we can build capacity in the industry faster than the government can appropriate funding for it. So if the government wants to move ahead with a higher rate of so many production in a sustained way, not just doing it once in a while, but in a some sort of sustained way they want to go to three submarines a year or three Virginia-Class a year or two Virginia-Class and a Columbia a year, and they're going to sustain that for a period of time. We can absolutely have the workforce and the physical plant and the supply chain set up to go execute that. You set that it's a light switch and starting in the FY 2022 budget we're going to expand the buy from two to four. Well, we probably have some startup paints there, but we don't believe that's the way that's going to go. We believe that this has going to be done in concert, that's the history of it. And so I think I guess my own experience is that when you hear budget, people talking about lack of capacity, what they really mean is if they don't have fund, and that's, that's kind of the way the industry looks at it. So I think we can – we can expand, we can expand capacity if that's the plan, if it's the sustained.
Mike Petters: I mean, I think we – I'll always say that we integrated high board last year. We have a blueprint for how to get into that effective and efficient way. Obviously this is a  but muscles are to same. I'm pretty excited about; I'm excited about the opportunity to do this. There will be a lot of hard work by a lot of folks, but it will be the right time stuff to do. So, and we're certainly going to keep you posted on that.
Mike Petters: Yes, I'll hop in there, we give that guidance. You talk about, hey milestones, hard milestones, so either milestones that if the, if we hit the milestone, we take a step up, as we check the EAC, we sell ship-off, really defined milestones that will bring in additional margin. So, I mean, that's true when we got it in Q1 and it's true right now when I look at punch through via Q2 into Q3. As I mentioned there was $62 million of $27 million out for net $35 million in the $62 million is $14 million of it, right? So as you're doing the math of that, I guess we're asking, hey zero to $20 million and $40 million is a of catch-up, as I mentioned to you 60-40 Ingles versus a Newport News there, but hey, just steady performance down at Ingles LHA, LPD programs. And there wasn't a specific hard milestone, but as we come through our quarterly EAC processes. We check the burn rate and the risk registers and where we stand. And the programs are running smoothly right now. So I don't think out of ordinary performance there and I think our guidance still holds true about Q3 is going to be light on milestones and there's opportunities over the next six months to retire additional risk.
Mike Petters: We do have ECPs that closed that from time-to-time, they not big adjustments that happened to be a rather larger adjustment that we had; and so that – that kind of weighed into the Q1 timeframe.
Mike Petters: So we work, we work ourselves through, as we come through on these ECP that we provide for book proposals. We go to the table and negotiate. There's a balance of affordability and equity on these deals. And as we work ourselves through, sometimes they take time and then as we settled the deal whether it's additional large capital incentive. We'll let the street know when we close the booking.
Mike Petters: No. I would say where we got guided and where we expected today, and our outlook right now and next year is still whole.
Mike Petters: Yes. So there's a number of awards across the corporation in that value for awards. We don't get specific values to the price points of our UUVs? So yes, I wouldn't necessarily think about it that way.
Mike Petters: Well, I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We had a good strong quarter. I'm pleased with where the leadership team is and where we're going. I hope that you and your families are able to stay safe and that you're able to encourage everyone out there to go get your shot. That's what we need right now. They are ready to get shots. So thank you all very much. We look forward to seeing you.
