Mike Petters: Yes. So cash in Q4 was a little bit below expectation – $50 million to $60 million below, it was only timing with some receipts primarily at Newport News, that weren’t paid. That shifted into 2020. So not really concerned about that, that is normalizing. Relative to capital deployment, we really don’t see a change. We’re going to invest in our shipyards continue to comply with our commitment relative to dividends and analyze that throughout the year. But still the 10% increase – at least a 10% increase this year and then continuous share buyback, it was pretty consistent in 2019 with previous years in share buyback, obviously in 2018, we’re pretty opportunistic, but really no change there.
Mike Petters: Sure. Okay. Relative to Hydroid, we began – I guess, we identified the Navy’s potential to move towards more unmanned systems several years ago. And we recognize that while we had engineered out a lot of manpower on the Ford design, that was not what – that was not where the Navy was talking about. They were talking about unmanned vehicles in particular, and we didn’t really have a footprint there. We – you recall, we invested in a small company in Panama City that had a platform called Proteus, which was a two man or unmanned, or it was both, either or could be operated with two people or be unmanned platform that was actually in the water and being tested and being used by many customers, not just the Navy.We acquired that group and the first thing we found out was that there’s a whole set of technologies and customers and people and processes that we were not very familiar with. And so not only did we get some technology there, we got some access. And in the course of that access, we then realize that, we can bring some of our own core capability to this area that might actually accelerate the adoption of the technology as well as create a business for us.And that led to an arrangement with Boeing, who had invested in their large unmanned vehicle. They’d actually put it at sea, but they needed somebody to build it. So we could bring our manufacturing expertise to bear on that. We did that. We’ve, and in the course of that, we kind of realized that, okay, we’re starting to really get an understanding of these large unmanned undersea vehicles. But when we looked around, we saw there’s a lot of activity on the smaller side. And Hydroid was a company that we noticed was really a big player in the smaller UUV space.And so we began a journey and a process with Kongsberg to walk our way through and resulting in the acquisition we hope. We’ve signed the agreement and we hope to close that deal, but that gives us a footprint in basically the full range of unmanned undersea capability. And it speaks to a larger kind of belief that I have, personally, is that – I mean the Navy can have lots of things that they say they need and lots of things that they want to do, but they need to do that when the industry can get there and provide it for them, they can go a lot faster.And so our view is, let’s bring some of our capability, our ability to build workforce, our technology, our manufacturing expertise, our contact information. Let’s bring all of that to bear in this space to accelerate the development of the unmanned space on behalf of our customer. And so we think that this is a step in that direction. As you say, there’s a lot going on in there. And but I would say that there’s a lot of folks who could talk about this scientifically. What I would tell you is that, if you’re in the water, you’re learning about it and we’re in the water. And so we’re really happy about that and we’re optimistic about where this business is going to go.
Mike Petters: Well, Doug, I think, this is – this continues to evolve. The Navy is trying to match up the requirements that they see out in the world that they feel like they need with the ability of the industry to support it. And so our view of that is that we need to be on the front edge of that and trying to help them evolve that.Relative to our core business though, I mean our strategy for the last three years, if you go back over the last three years, the shipbuilding accounts have been historically high, doesn’t actually talk about how high they’ve been. I mean, my whole career, they’ve been in the $14 billion to $16 billion a year, year-in and year-out. And for the last three years anyway, we’ve been just short of $25 billion, even this year that for all of the discussion over the past few days about what’s going on with the shipbuilding budget and all that sort of thing, it’s still at $20 billion.And so I think that where you’re going to see is, you’re not going to see a hard left turn here where we’re going to say, okay, we don’t need big platforms with people on them anymore and we’re going to make – we’re going to have a Navy that’s completely unmanned and think what you’re going to see is an evolution. You’re going to see the unmanned space become amplification of the presence and platforms that the Navy needs. And so I don’t know how that counting works and all that sort of thing because that becomes an interesting discussion about what actually counts as a ship and I just kind of stay out of that.I think about it more in terms of capability to provide presence for the Navy and the ability of the industry to bring technology to bear on the problems that they have. I think that the Navy is going to be moving towards more unmanned systems to amplify the platforms that they have and then see where that goes from there. And we want to be as their principal partner, we want to be right there with them and help them make that successful.
Mike Petters: There’s really some minor timing issues that could move it between 3% and 5% on some of our programs. It’s not really new programs drive that, although timing of some material on some of the new awards would help us out of that. But the majority of that as you indicate is already under contract.
Mike Petters: Well, Ron, I remind you that you’re talking to a former submarine officer. So I need to kind of do my Safe Harbor on that. But the thing about the undersea environment and platforms in the undersea environment is that they are very asymmetric. There’s lots of history of a single submarine can bottle up an entire fleet in port. And the fact that you can look out across the harbor and can’t see it, gives it an advantage. And so being undersea is a multiplier just that, just the simple fact that your underwater is a multiplier for the your capability. There’s a lot of things that you can do underwater that you may not want to send a Virginia class submarine with a bunch of people on it to go do.And so being able to – on the other hand, there’s a significant amount of things underwater that you want to be able to do that you want to have a Virginia class submarine or something like that, fully man, fully capable of complying with rules of engagement and all that sort of thing. You want to be able to do that too. And so what we see is that this asymmetry that comes from being undersea is going to be something that the Navy has to find a way to take advantage of. And if you just go back, gosh, it’s getting to be close to 30 years now, but you go back and start to look at how did the unmanned aerial systems take off, right? There was a technology that was being developed and we were kind of doing this and then suddenly there was a knee in the curve where nobody could get enough of it. Everybody wanted more and there wasn’t enough capacity. I mean, literally the curve just shot almost vertical.We’ve been talking in the unmanned space for probably 10 years or 15 years about when is the knee in the curve going to come for the unmanned space, undersea – the unmanned undersea space. I would say the undersea space is a much harder environment in terms of the physics of it. And I’m not sure the knee in the curve is going to look like the unmanned aerial vehicles space did. I believe you’re starting to see now the maturation of technologies, more and more folks are getting in the water and they’re getting to understand what the art of the possible is. And so there – whether it’s a knee in the curve or if it’s just an acceleration. I think we’re kind of getting there now.And so it’s really important for us to be in the middle of all of that. And I think that 15 years from now you could see it – you can see a Navy that is talking a lot more about what they can and want to do undersea. I just think that’s where it goes. The final thing, I’d say, Ron is, this is just my own personal amateur historian view is that, when countries can no longer afford the full Navy that they want, they buy submarines because they’re asymmetric for the money that you put into them. So, I mean, I think we have history that says that, I don’t know that it’ll quite play out that way here because presence is important, and presence actually keeps conflict from becoming hot conflict. And so I think the Navy has a great understanding of that. But in marriage, I think it’s marrying undersea capability with the presence is a way for us to go.
Mike Petters: Yes, I think that was our view of this is that the risk that we incurred on the Ford was really in the test program, which is kind of we’re walking into the test program now on Kennedy and we just – we’re going to be conservative about this. The Ford actually for a lead ship came together better than any lead ship I’ve ever seen. But as we tested systems, we had to work our way through a whole bunch of new technology there. So this is our next go on that. And we’re going to continue to be pretty conservative on that until we actually retire those risks. And I don’t think we ever really expected that launch would be open the floodgates on risk retirement. We just, frankly, the early launch that the program team put together was a way for us to mitigate downstream risk. And that’s, it was part of a step, but not a floodgate.
Mike Petters: Well, George, I’m going to suggest that, I’m not sure that I’ve ever seen the Congress leave any part of the administration’s budget as is. And so I think that the budget submission is a beginning of a process. It’s a long process to go from submitting the budget to appropriating the bills. And I’m not talking about just defense, I’m talking about all of the areas of the budget. So I think it’s going to – our role in this is typically to talk to – if that’s what you want, what’s the most efficient way to do it? So that’s kind of the way we work this and we’ve worked it over the years and sometimes it works out and sometimes it’s not necessarily the way we would like. But I think we’re just at the very beginning of the process right now and it’s going to play out over the next several months.
Mike Petters: Well, I think the biggest issue is the one that we’ve been talking about here all along. And that is that you got to find a way to pay for Columbia. If you decide that you’re going to pay for Columbia inside the shipbuilding account, then it’s going to squeeze ships out unless you’re going push the budget up. And in the last three years, I think that, at the very beginning of the ramp up into Columbia at a time when our strategy was take advantage of the budget and get as much stuff under contract as you possibly can, because there’s going to come a time where you’re going to have a lot of arm wrestling over the budget. And I think we’ve done that very well and that’s how we ended up with the backlog that we have.But I think the uncertainty about how you’re going to pay for Columbia is going to show up. And I think that’s what really showed up here. The pluses and minuses were really squeezed out because you have to go pay for Columbia. And I absolutely think we have to go pay for it and I think that’s a national priority. But I just think it’s going to be, it’s the elephant in the room that has to be dealt with if you want to keep all the other programs going. So I think that’s where this ultimately goes. Each ship, certainly we’d like to see – more ships are better and they’re better not just for us, but they’re better for the whole industry. So we’ll continue to advocate for that. But that’s a way to keep the industrial base healthy and happy.
Mike Petters: Well, I feel pretty good about it. Frankly, the Marine Core wants it, the Congress is trying to find ways to push it through. I just think it’s an example, some of the pluses and minuses. I think what you see in the budget is really the squeezing, there’s only so much air that can go into the balloon from the budget submission standpoint. So I feel pretty good about it. I think that there’s a lot of support for what the big deck amphibs can do and what they are doing out there today. And so, I remain optimistic about where that’s going to ultimately end up. There’s going to be days when we feel really good about it and days when we kind of wonder where it’s going on. But I think in total it’s going to be – we’re going to end up in a good place and a good outcome.
Mike Petters: We contributed, just to be clear, we contributed this asset so that now we’re part of the joint venture. So our view is that the business model – let me step back. I think I’ve talked about this before. There is more demand for repair activity in the Pacific area of responsibility than there is capacity to provide it right now. But the Navy is kind of trying to work its way through a business model that’s going to allow for more efficient support for the requirements that they have.In our case, we’ve – as the business model has changed, we’ve kind of struggled with that a little bit. Our view is, we needed to restructure this business anyway. Here’s a way for us to keep our hand in that business and be able to help the Navy figure out the right way to get the business restructured and get the business – get the industry in a place where it can actually effectively support what the Navy’s doing. I mean, we’ve had cases where in a space where there is not enough capacity to meet the demand, we’ve actually had operations that have been closed.And so you have to step back and say, there’s something bigger going on here and we need to be part of that. So we need to be part of that discussion. But we also have to make sure that, we try to find a solution. And this is what we think is – working with Carlyle and Stellex and Vigor and MHI, the other assets that are there. We think this is a way for us to effectively engage and help the Navy find a solution.
Mike Petters: Well, I think that, if you look at this business quarter-by-quarter, you’re bound to have good surprises and maybe not so good. But I think that what we know is that and our experience here is that over the long haul, this business executes – the shipbuilding industry executes at around 9%. So I think over the long haul, that’s where we are. And our ambition is to execute our backlog that you see out there at that level or better. And so that’s kind of the way we’re seeing this. The driver that we’re seeing for this specific year is still a little bit of the hangover of the maturation of the backlog.And we’ve gone through a couple of years where we’ve had a heavy weighted portfolio towards brand new work. We just added two more carriers and a whole another set of submarines into that mix. And it takes a little while to start to accumulate the milestones that we need to get them up. But we think that we’re pretty sustainable here over the long haul.
Mike Petters: Well, the bids are in and we put our best foot forward. We have invested in some facilities and we have a very robust execution plan to be able to build that platform. And we’re just standing by to help the Navy decide what they want to do. Now the competition is tough, I’ll say that. But we’re still expecting award in the first half of the year.
Mike Petters: Well, I mean, I wish I could say that you were right. But the fact is that the whole blend ends up and if you go now and we’ve gone back and looked at this every which way you can look at it. You end up in a place where no matter where you are. The first thing you want to do is, you want to know that you’re actually executing well. And that’s where the whole discussion around 9% to 10% came from was, you’re executing well, if you’re in that range and you have a good mix of new programs and mature programs. If you’re out of that range high, that means that you’re probably overweighted on mature programs. And if you’re out of that range low, you’re either not executing well or you’re out of balance with new programs.So that’s kind of where it came from. And right now, with a $46 billion backlog, our work kind of on the heavy end on new programs. We’ve gone through a couple of years where we’ve been maturing programs, but we just added $20-some-billion to the backlog last year. So we’re going to continue to work our risk through that. But the other side of it is, that if you just go and look at the entire industry over the last, I don’t know, 10 or 15 years, the industry just tends to operate at 9%. And that’s takes in account of mature programs and new programs and everything else. And so we aspire to 10%. We push our teams to that level and that’s our ambition. But I think in terms of the way to think about our businesses, this is a 9% business with a $46 billion backlog that plays out over the next 10 or 12 years.
Mike Petters: Okay. Well, thanks for joining us. I want to remind you that you can still sign up to participate in our Investor Day meeting next week via webcast. It’s Tuesday morning on the 18th starting at 8 o’clock. So just go to our website at huntingtoningalls.com. Click on the Investor Relations page and follow the Investor Day link to register. We’re excited about the chance to meet with you all and share a lot more detail, what we think the next five years will bring. So we appreciate you joining us on today’s call. And we look forward to seeing you soon.
Chris Kastner: Let me do that, housekeeping, first. Yes. So positive is $89 million, negative $50 million, net plus $39 million. About 90% of that was Newport News.
Chris Kastner: Yes. I would also add that, that business just organically posts the transaction getting complete with in HII will grow at high single digits. So that’s the near term growth rate we see in that business. So we believe it can only get better beyond that.
Chris Kastner: Not really, as you’re aware, this is the last year of our major capital program and we get back down to 2.5% of sales in 2021. What you’re going to see over the near term is us start ramping our free cash such that we become a $700 million a year cash flow story. Now I can’t tell you whether that happens in 2021, 2022 or 2023, we’re going to ramp towards that. But at the end of the day, $700 million becomes the new normal for HII for free cash flow.
Chris Kastner: Yes. Sure. The major items, the back half of the year, our delivery of NSC 9, 796 getting to pressure all complete and then bringing to life CVN 72, excuse me, CVN 73 and CVN 79 to their test program.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So that’s – Ron, this is Chris. That’s Air Force contract, Persistent Multi-Role Operations, ISR contract that’s split over four or five years, all that revenue. And we’re really excited about it. We’ve done similar work through one of our acquisitions. So this is essentially follow-on with a different scope. I can’t really go into too much detail what they’re doing. I got to be careful on the call. But we’re really excited about that. We think it’s an important area going forward.
Chris Kastner: Well, I’ll comment on margin, then Mike, you can talk about CVN 79, if you like. But Q4, 79 met their milestone. We evaluated the risk and I had previously indicated that there’s a lot of risk in front of us on that ships. So it just simply wasn’t material enough – material enough of an issue to mention. But we did our very good Q4 in shipbuilding both Ingalls and Newport News actually. In 2020, I expect both Newport News and Ingalls be at 9%. I expect them both to get there.
Chris Kastner: I already gave that to [indiscernible] at the beginning. It was gross favorable of 89% unfavorable of 50%, 90% of that being Newport News.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So we haven’t provided that and we think given the $1 billion of sales and 5% to 7% return on sales, I should probably get you there from a modeling standpoint. But we haven’t provided that data as of yet.
Chris Kastner: David, this is Chris. It was simply coming to our plan and seeing how the programs were going to unfold in 2020 and the risk retirement potential there, which allowed us to arrive at the 9%. We’re going to have quarters that are better than 9% and worse than 9%. We always challenge the organization to do better. But I think the best way to think about it is 9% moving forward.
Chris Kastner: Well, it’s growth, right? We’re going to grow. Margin is improving as well. So you couple that with the reduced capital expenditures and pension normalizing and reaching milestones on ships, you get to $700 million. It’s going to naturally float up to $700 million of free cash over the next two years.
Chris Kastner: The way to think about that is the RCOH contracts are the cost plus contracts moving forward. So I don’t have a specific percentage, but that’s really the majority of the cost plus work in our base.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So there’s some compounding there. But it’s also the timing of the milestones and how that works through working capital. When you look at our plans and all our ships going through our plans over the next three years it gets to $700 million and that really becomes the new normal. So I think you’ve essentially got it right, Noah.
Chris Kastner: No, there’s really nothing specific that I would drop on Noah there. It’s just going through each ship, laying them out over the next few years and looking at the risk retirement opportunities and the risk on those ships that 9% was the best way to look at it.
Chris Kastner: And some of it is the fact that we, the previous plan had these – a lot of these contracts we didn’t have. So it is working through the large volume of contracting as it comes into our plan now. And how is that going to play out with our teams and our execution and all of that. So we just felt like it’s really important to kind of clarify that.
