Jon Raviv: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just a question on the performance in the margin, which I know heading into the year is going to be a lower margin year for a variety of reasons and also backloaded. You reiterated the number for the year at 9%. We did mention there's could be similarities from COVID. Just give us a sense for what kind of relation we should see now with Coronavirus. Then I've a follow-up.
Jon Raviv: I'll not to break everything this time I suppose. You guys hear me though? So my question has been I don’t know if you have heard it was just on margin progression through 2020 and 2021. I know this year has going to be somewhat backloaded in terms of that 9% that you reiterated that number. What is the progression and how do you achieve that with various unknowns around COVID19. And then related to that you what is the potential menu of outcomes from the new one phase carrier plan.
Jon Raviv: Just a follow-up on that point Mike, I appreciate the perspective there. Is it not the case that the late 2020 improvement in margin and I get that 9% on what rely on some of those things happening on the carriers that you just outlined, if those things don't happen then that one of the risk items to the 9% this year perhaps.
Mike Petters: We're back. Sorry about that. We got dropped there for a little bit. So I'm -- three or four questions and you guys have already answered them. So we'll catch up as we go along.
Mike Petters: Thanks for the question. It's been pretty steady. The initial disruption for our folks to figure out what sort of disruption they had in their lives, well they had family members that lost their jobs or they had kids at home, they had to work their way through that. They've worked their way through that and I think as we said the aggregate, the attendances is about 75%.You can parse that a lot of ways but basically where folks who have to be present in the business inside of the shipyards, that number is lower than 75%, but the rest of our workforce either they're working remotely or while we've changed the conditions that they're working in on-site have been able to support at a higher level than that. So we've been pretty steady for the last I would say the last two or three weeks anyway. So the number you have is the number we've got.
Mike Petters: It's pretty much the same in both places. So the number one driver in attendance right now by far is the schools are closed and folks have to decide how they're going to take care of their kids and all the usual mechanisms for people to take care of their kids are not available either. So that's our biggest driver in attendance. I continue to argue that we've got to find a way to get schools back to where parents are going to be comfortable to send their kids to school. That's got to be at the top of everybody's list. If that happens, we see this moving ahead.We're removing -- we're shifting our posture as well. Now that we've kind of stabilized this, we're starting to look now to how do we expand our employment and fill it back in. So we're moving ahead and leaning forward on this.
Mike Petters: In fact I am encouraged the key milestones for our production were essentially meeting the key milestones that we have to meet and just of the top delivery as a destroyer in the last couple weeks is evidence of that.
Mike Petters: Well a lot of questions there. Recognize that everybody in the competition was pricing at different ship and so almost impossible to do an apples-to-apples comparison of price to what happens. So I think the Navy try to run a best value competition and selected a winner. We're obviously very disappointed with the way that it came out, but we'll get a debrief from the Navy on what happened and how could have gone better and we'll go forward from there.Relative to other opportunities at Ingalls, we still have a very strong presence and production line right now in the large deck amphibs that Phase 2 LPD program evidenced by the contract just signed for LPD 31. We're building destroyers and we're still building national security cutters and so the Ingalls future is bright as far as I can tell. This is a disappointment but the thing about competition is you get up off the field and you go learn your lessons and get better the next day and so that's kind of the way we're taking it.The Navy is starting to rethink -- starting to think about what the future hold and we're going to be part of that future and so we're excited about that.
Mike Petters: No real change to margin progression at this point Jon. We have to come through Q2. No doubt it's going to be a complicated quarter, but I wouldn’t change the way we're thinking about margin in 2020 or in 2021 actually.
Mike Petters: Yeah, I would say that's true but that's why I've said we actually think again we got to kind of work our way through the weather we're going to do contractually go account for this and then we look at what are the opportunities we're seeing in the rest of the business from the impact of this virus. So that's -- we just don't know enough right now to back away from them.
Mike Petters: Well Doug, it's going to be the beginning of these programs and by now you know that when we're at the beginning of the program, we're reasonably conservative in terms of that. Now truth is that we know a lot about submarines and the arrangement on Columbia is just a little bit different than the teaming arrangement we have on Virginia Class and so how that works and how the expansion works and goes forward I think we've got that factored into. It's part of the way we were thinking about the year and the next several years when we talked to you guys in February. So there's not really much change in all that. It blends right into to get us to where we want to be.
Mike Petters: We're obviously very excited that we were able to close this deal. It took us -- it was a long process with Kongsberg working through what would make the most sense for both of us. But now that's in the portfolio we've come basically in the last five years we've come from not really being present in the space to being as capable as anyone in the space and we're excited about that.The Navy will continue as it thinks through what they want the fleet of the future to look like. They're going to continue to look at how do you more missions with less people and so we think that's a critical element of what they're going to be doing and Hydroid certainly gives us a step into that.There is a range of programs that the Navy's already announced that we're actually part of. Boeing has the lead on the XL UUV program and we are working with Boeing to manufacture that product for them. The Navy's announced a large diameter UUV program and we're very excited about the opportunity for that and then Hydroid as a business before we ever got involved with them, they were a dominant player in program smaller than that.So this gives us now a full range of capability in the portfolio platforms and missions and capabilities that we believe the Navy is going to need in the UUV space. It also then gives us an opportunity to expand into the unmanned surface space because a lot of the -- a lot of the capability that you're going to need relative to autonomy or manufacturing and advanced manufacturing and those kind of things are going to be the things that you're going to need to be able to be successful in the unmanned surface space.My assessment is that the unmanned surface basis is lagging the undersea space but I don't know that that last and I am excited about where this whole program is going to go. It's going to be a great business for HII to be in because it's going to be a critical mission for our customer and that's really want to be.
Mike Petters: I don’t want to do an program review with you right now. We don't really give detail on estimates of margin rates by ship. I want say from Ingles' perspective in the quarter, the LPD program is performing very well. Pleased to 28 and 29, the award for 31, so Ingalls had a really good quarter.
Mike Petters: Sure. There has been a lot of talk about it. I think the question at this point is where does the budget go and I think that that's kind of the big question mark out there for everybody, but the coastguard continues to operate the NSC at a high tempo with lots of mission success and lots of very positive and favorable feedback to us and it has been a program that has been funded and supported both from the Coastguard and from the Congress over the year. So I would say sure.
Mike Petters: It's a good a good question and it's certainly something that we're thinking a lot about. Look at the very top level, there is always a challenge of if you want to if you want to change direction, if you want to go in a different direction, the question is how quickly can you do that and recognize that your if you're going to trade-off current capability for potential future direction, that's got lots of unimplied risk there that hasn’t really been able to kind of break that mold of -- you can't really go in a new direction by trading off current capability and I would offer that one of the things that we continue to stresses is that current capability actually includes the infrastructure and industrial base that you have created.We hired more than 25,000 people at HII over the last five years. We spent $0.5 billion training them and we spent $3 billion to $4 billion a year in our supply chain where they've been doing the same thing as we have a industrial base that's ready to support the direction that you want to go. If you want going to go in a different direction and be successful with that, I think you got to think your way through how do I get the industrial base to move in that direction.And so, clearly the Marines are thinking about the concept of operations that's a little bit different than what they've been talking about. I don’t think in the end I don't think it changes their near-term requirement for heavy left and this discussion is not something that's going to say here's how we're going to get there in the next two years. I mean you're really talking when you start talking new shipbuilding plans, you're really talking about what the shipbuilding -- what does the Navy look like 10 to 15 years from now because the Navy that we're to have five years from now, you're building it today and that at that see today.So the timeframes have to be kind of thought their way through. I think that there's an opportunity here for the industry and the Navy to work together to take advantage of all of the assets that we have to create a capability that would support going forward. Now the other piece of what you said is something that we're thinking really hard about is that there is a bit of a floor for us in terms of as you get smaller in ship size, the market becomes a lot more competitive and so we got to think our way through that as just as a business how do we improve our competitive position as if this is a direction that our customers is going to want to go and we're looking hard at that.
Mike Petters: It's a good question. In Q1 there is really no COVID impact. there is no way to estimate that impact in Q1. We're going to assess that in Q2 as we understand the comprehensive impact and the opportunities related to it. So it's a good question, Gautam.
Mike Petters: That's right and you don't change your estimate until you come to comprehensive VACs on your ships, which we will do in the quarter in Q2 and then assess that in the quarter and deal with that in Q2.
Mike Petters: You're getting into claim accounting there. I don't think you should -- from a claim accounting standpoint, you would not assume that they're going to give you a equitable adjustment to these costs. So without opportunities you would potentially have to do a negative adjustment, that's correct.
Mike Petters: So actually in the quarter the major impact was the San Diego shipyard and some performance issues there. Oil and gas and nuclear were okay, but compared to last quarter the performance was a bit less. Nuclear is just timing and very comfortable with where they are and still comfortable with the 7% to 9% EBIT. I commented previously on oil and gas, we still think that will get divested this year.
Mike Petters: You’ve been doing this as long as I have. You know that the budget comes over and then there is a process that congress goes through to get the budged squared away and pass and appropriated. There were some late moving items in the budget frankly from last year to this year, that I guess my assessment is that the Congress was surprised about and so when that happens, it takes a lot more work from the administration and from all the stakeholders to work their way through it.My sense of this though is that the outlook for that second Virginia is pretty bright. I think the Congress is pretty much made its intentions pretty clear and so I don't know how the pieces move around but I'd say I'm pretty optimistic about it.
Mike Petters: I think that the issue right now is that valuations are just -- are I'd almost say mythical. To try to get to a fair value of up of a business is it's a hard read. We are still interested and we haven't changed our posture, but let's just take a if Acme is out there and suddenly Acme got wiped out by -- their share price got wiped out by this volatility, the Board of Acme still would think that they're worth a lot more than the share prices and so trying to engage in that is really pretty challenging but we're going to keep looking and we're leaning forward to try to find ways to make something out of it.
Mike Petters: Thanks for the question. We're in direct contact with our entire range of suppliers several thousand across the country. I'd say at First Cut, we have reached out to everyone and said let's talk about what impact you're seeing and what impact that might have to our programs. The vast majority of our suppliers are saying at this point. no impact. Now I would say because where we are right now, I would say we put the word yet on the backend of that. They say no impact, we say no impact yet.There's a group of suppliers that are saying that they're seeing impact but no impact to our programs and I would say okay no impact to our programs yet and then there is a handful of suppliers that are saying hey, we've got real impact here and it is going to impact our programs. I think what I'm encouraged about Ron is that in the near-term, we're actually supporting the key milestones that we need to support whether it's ship construction activity or supporting a fleet, we have information and material we need from our supply chain to do that.What's harder to evaluate is what's going to be the impact around the corner, not in the near-term. I think in the near term we're working our way through that, but I think in the medium-term the stuff that needs to be going on today to support us at the end of this year or in the next year, how is that going and that's why we say put yet next to that because that I don't know that we have -- I don’t know that anybody has a very clear view of that.The last thing I would say is that one of the advantages that we have besides having the $45 billion backlog to go work through and support our supply chain is our supply chain is domestic. We're not dealing with suppliers in Mexico or suppliers in India or anything like that. Where there have been some disruptions that I've seen across the industry has been as much about trying to reach across the borders as it has been about trying to reach and find the small folks.So we're keenly engaged in this. We're working this every single day but at this point, I'd say near-term not in effect, medium to long-term, wait and see.
Mike Petters: I think you may have misread it a bit. Now that being said it's an evolving situation a bit. But I think there's a lot of news and a lot of discussion out between government contractors and the government on the appropriateness of getting equitable adjustments through different legislation. The way we read it right now based on current legislation, you do not have the ability to recover equitable adjustments for delay disruption on your contracts.So we're not operating under that option. It doesn't mean it might not -- we might not get there and there are some thoughts across where we think you will get adjustments in recovery for stuff like quarantining more or if government facility is shut down, you can't go into work. You're not going to be harmed for that, but equitable adjustments and delaying disruption, we don't think that is fully understood yet or fully dealt with under legislation yet. So I would not make that assumption, no.
Mike Petters: Jon thanks. I think the carrier conversation always comes up because it does -- it turns into a conversation about can we get more capability by changing structure or changing operations and things like that. There are lots of folks who have lots of opinions on this. I have been through this many, many times. The bottom line is you can't get 80% of the carrier for 80% of the cost. Volume is the cheapest thing that happens on the carrier making it -- actually making it larger is the way you capture the return on the investment that you’ve made.And so the idea that you're going to go and do something smaller maybe have a small fleet which is a different kind up for the Navy which is something to think about, but in general if you're looking for a replacement platform, that hardly ever works out well in terms of the analysis. I do think the Navy and the Pentagon and Secretary Esper are thinking about and rightfully so they're thinking about what are the future capabilities that we need and how is the best way for us to get there and how do we found that without sacrificing too much of our current capability and you're going to see lots of options.Some of them like that like the Marine Corps discussion that we had before. It's a very dynamic time in shipbuilding and we're going to be in the middle of that conversation as the principal partner for the Navy to help them achieve whatever it is that they want to do, but we come into that conversation with a $45 billion backlog of work that's going to be the foundation from which that conversation will take place.The investments that we've made in terms of creating the agile workforce that we need and the agile supply chain that we made, I think are going to support whatever direction the Navy and the Pentagon want to go and we're happy to be part of that.
Mike Petters: Okay. It looks like we have no more questions. I just want to thank you all for your interest today and we want to make sure that hope you all are safe and well and your families are safe and well. Please take care -- please take care of each other but we do appreciate your time for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you again. Thank you very much,
Chris Kastner: We'll come to the estimates on our shifts in the quarter and incorporate that reduced attendance on the schedules and the impact on the touch labor on our shipbuilding programs, but we're assessing the opportunities. Our expenses have changed right. So the most obvious one is travel essentially zero, but less obvious is stuff like Teladoc, which is something we put in place a while ago, and in spite which means our people are not in the emergency rooms and that's much less expensive for us.So when we come through the quarter and the year it's going to be -- we're going to assess the risk on our ships related to reduced attendance, but also the impact on our expenses. So it's more of a holistic approach than just what's the attendance in the yards and what happened to productivity on the ship.
Chris Kastner: 119 62 is on schedule and it's on schedule, very comfortable with how our performance on shipbuilding.
Chris Kastner: I think it's too early. There is as Chris said earlier, there's certainly some risk now that's in our risk register that we didn't have in our risk register two months ago, but on the other hand there's opportunities out there that our business is actually transforming itself organically kind of just doing it and so there's some real opportunities for us in terms of efficiencies and new ways of doing business and moving ahead.So it's way too early for us to try to back away from anything that we might said earlier. As far as single phase delivery for 79 what the original plan was, was the Navy and the company had decided to split the delivery to finish the platform and then use the post-delivery time to upgrade the actually install the sensors and those state-of-the-art things that change three, four, five generations while you're building to ship and you want to make sure it's as current as possible.The Navy has come back and said it's going to be better to do this in an integrated fashion because that way we can get a more complete ship sooner and be able to get the ship ready to deploy faster that way as well. Now what will do is that will change the schedule for -- if we're able to work through this and we haven't, but if we work our way through this it will change the schedule for how the test program proceeds throughout the ship because we'll line that up with the new schedule.It will change the way the Navy mans the ship which is part and parcel to our test program and delivery schedule. So at this point, there will be more scope. It will probably move the schedule around a little bit and until we get through it, I'm not sure we can say exactly how much impact it's going to have, but we think it's actually the right answer for getting that ship to the fleet and into operation as fast as possible.
Chris Kastner: Doug, this is Chris. We don't have a specific number for you, but it does start to ramp from here and then really start to get some momentum in 2021 but we don't have a specific number for you.
Chris Kastner: No doubt it's a volatile market out there right now. The good news is that UPI they've got some really stable long-term customers that are hanging with them and we have a strong management team. So that process will continue. We expect it to complete this year.
Chris Kastner: I don’t think so. We don’t know yet exactly because we haven’t definitized that change, but I don’t think it materially changes the slope. A little more detail on cash. I think with all we know right now on free cash and everything moving around we're still north of $500 million this year and then we start to ramp.
Chris Kastner: I would add, there is intent but there's not coverage and so where we are from accounting standpoint, at the risk of a practicing accounting with that on license. Where we are with an accounting standpoint we're just not assuming that. We are engaged in the discussion about how we make this happen and how do we -- what changes need to be made from an appropriation and from an authorization standpoint, but that has not happened yet and so that's where our engagement is we'll see how it does.
Chris Kastner: So I wouldn't change anything at this point. No, I think it's just too. I think it's just too early. There is going to be a modest impact on our sales for sure in Q2 but there's risk that we're going to have to deal with relative to reduce the tenants in the yard, but there's also opportunities because our expenses are fundamentally changing right now. They need to deal with all that when you do.
Chris Kastner: Well I think more of the latter but also we're making critical milestones within our shipbuilding programs. We're delivering ships performing very well within Newport News and Ingalls. So it's kind of a combination of both.
Chris Kastner: Well we're going to recover right. The attendance is going to recover. So we talk about 3% to 5% for the year. So we're going to recover from the sales standpoint. As we get our tenants back for the year, there is going to be an impact in Q2 no doubt, no doubt, but we still think we're at the lower end of the -- but as of today, we still we still think we're lower in the 3% to 5%. If the virus goes on for a prolonged period of time, that could change, but today it's the lower end of the 3% to 5%.
Chris Kastner: Well we're at the first level, we're the largest employer in both Virginia and in Mississippi. So we're deeply engaged and connected to the Governor's office in terms of how do you go about reopening the state and what makes the most sense and how you do that and we come that conversation from with the standpoint of we benefit the whole time. So these are the issues that you're going to -- as you start to open these businesses these are the things you need to be thinking about.You need to be thinking about employee safety, you need to be thinking about customer safety. I would just say the whole thing about reopening is it's voluntary. Businesses have to volunteer to open even if the Governor says to open, doesn't mean that you're going to open. The business has to volunteer to open. A business owner is going to say I can open because I'm confident that I can keep my employees safe and I can keep my customer safe and I can do that at a rate that makes sense for me to open.And the second voluntary per action there is on the customer's part and they have to decide that it's safe for them to go out. I think I mentioned earlier it's the -- when are you feel safe to put your kids back in school I think is the number one question relative to all of this opening. So we're deeply engaged in all of that conversation.How that plays for us is though is affects the employees that are staying home because they've to take care of their kids, it does affect them. So that's where the reopening affects them but our view is that we as I said, we're shifting our posture here to open we'll go higher, there is a lot of folks out there that are looking for work and there's a lot of qualified people that are looking for work and so we're looking to start expanding our attendance again to go and get back to the business of doing what we're doing.So that's all going to play out in the second quarter and it's going to be as Chris said, it's just way too early to tell how that's all going to play out, but that's our view and that's somewhat independent of how the governors are going to open the states.
