Chris Kastner: Thanks, Mike and good morning. Before I discuss our first quarter results, I would like to comment on some new accounting standards that we’ve implemented. During the quarter, we adopted the new revenue recognition and pension cost presentation standards. We also implemented the recent FASB guidance resulting from tax reform on the reclassification of certain tax effects in equity. These changes are clearly identified and explained in our quarterly report. Moving on the consolidated results on Slide 4 of the presentation. Revenues in the quarter of $1.7 billion increased 8.7%, primarily due to higher volumes in aircraft carriers and navy nuclear support services at Newport News, and higher volumes in amphibious ships at Ingalls, partially offset by lower NSE program volume. Operating income in the quarter of $191 million increased $23 million or 13.7% from first quarter 2017, and operating margin of 10.2% increased 45 basis points. These increases were primarily driven by a favorable operating FAS/CAS adjustment. Turning to Slide 5 of the presentation. Cash from operations was $120 million in the quarter and free cash flow was $47 million. Net capital expenditures in the quarter were $73 million or 3.9% of revenues compared to $58 million in the first quarter of 2017. Additionally, we contributed $43 million to our pension and post retirement benefit plans in the quarter, of which $34 million were discretionary contributions to our qualified plans. We also repurchased approximately 674,000 shares at a cost of $166 million, and paid dividends of $0.72 per share or $32 million, bringing our quarter end cash balance to $528 million. Before I address segment results, please note that segment operating income in the quarter included a one-time $20 million expense for bonuses paid to our employees related to tax reform. Moving on to Slide 6 of the presentation. Ingalls revenues in the quarter of $585 million increased 6.4% from the same period last year, driven by increased volume on the LPD and LHA programs, partially offset by decreased volume on the NSC program. Ingalls’ operating income of $64 million and margin of 10.9% in the quarter were down from first quarter 2017, mainly due to lower risk retirement on NSC program, partially offset by higher risk retirement on LPD program. Turning to Slide 7 of the presentation. Newport News revenues were $1.1 billion in the quarter, increased 11.4% from the same period last year, mostly due to higher volume and aircraft carrier RCOH programs and submarine support services. Newport News operating income of $51 million and margin of 4.7% in the quarter were down year-over-year, primarily because of the one-time payment of bonuses related to tax reform and changes in contract mix. Now to Technical Solutions on slide 8 of the presentation. Technical Solutions revenues of $233 million in the quarter increased 3.6% from the same period last year, mainly due to higher revenue in oil and gas and fleet support services, partially offset by lower nuclear and environmental revenue. Technical Solutions’ operating income of $2 million in the quarter increased $20 million from first quarter 2017, as a result of the $29 million reserve taken in the first quarter of 2017 against accounts receivable due from Westinghouse, partially offset by the one-time payment of bonus is related to tax reform. That concludes my remarks. I’ll turn the call back over to Dwayne for Q&A.
Chris Kastner: The numbers -- the activation of the east bank is all included in the $1.8 billion that we previously talked about. So think about the 5% to 6% of sales that we identified this year, next year is relatively flat and it tapers down from there.
Chris Kastner: Doug, the Ingalls team is pretty relentless about improving efficiency and activation the east bank will help in that regard as well.
Chris Kastner: Well, I’ll start with the EAC adjustments. Our positive $52 million negative $24 million for a net 28 -- 80% was Ingalls, I’ll start off on sales, Mike, if you like. I mean it was a strong sales quarter. We’re still pretty comfortable with our five year CAGR of 3% growth. Obviously, if things were perfectly in the budget process and sequestration and getting all the ships awarded that we have planned under contract, it could be better than that. But we’re pretty comfortable with the 3% CAGR.
Chris Kastner: Not really, you’re just seeing increased volume. Really the majority of that’s coming out of Newport News with the RCOH program, and 79 hitting really full throttle.
Chris Kastner: Gautam, I apologize for my answer before I give it. But it was -- the reason I gave ’19 was because we have that pension acceleration. I thought it was appropriate to give you guys some additional information, so you could think through ’18 and ’19. There’s just going to be factors that go into that calculation for ’20. So I think I’d be reminiscent providing that information directionally.
Chris Kastner: Like I said, there’s -- year-to-date asset returns are 1.7% versus our assumption of 7.25%, and discount rates have gone up to 4.13%, is what our calculation was at the end of the quarter. So those are opposing directionally going in the opposite directions. And all of that will go into the calculation on what happens to ’19 and ’20. So really I’d rather not get into the directional numbers at this point.
Chris Kastner: None individually significant enough to mention, it’s really about what Mike said, is conservatism relative to some big programs that are taking up a significant amount of the run rate at Newport News.
Chris Kastner: Well, Gautam, we evaluate our EACs on a quarterly basis. And we do have the submarine program that’s being executed but that’s just starting out for Block IV. But I think you’re correct, is the major millstones relative to aircraft carrier don’t show up here until 2020.
Chris Kastner: Joe, really it’s what Mike already mentioned relative to the contract mix and the transition that’s taking place in Newport News. It’s no individual issue on a program, it’s just where we are on the programs that are under contract within Newport News.
Chris Kastner: I would also add, there were no major risk retirement milestones in the quarter, and we had three ship deliveries over the balance in the second half of the year.
Chris Kastner: So we’re doing all the right things. I think we’re doing all the right things in TS. We won two programs within the DOE space for a LANL and the Nevada test site, transitioning into both of those now. Our pipelines are fairly rich within oil and gas and in government services. So I think as you see a recovery in oil and gas and we start to get it under contract within TS, you'll see the recovery.
Chris Kastner: So I wouldn’t change the projection for the tax rate at this point, 21% I think is -- I’m comfortable with that.
Chris Kastner: Thanks for the question, Gautam. I’ll see if I can answer the right question at this time. I’ve talked about 2018 cash already. We have about $100 million of pressure from our finished ’17, which was $452 million. Really the only -- and included in that number is the restructuring cash recovery. So the only significant difference between ’18 and ’19 is going to be the difference in that pension. So you have about $400 million difference there. And if you just focus on that assuming capital is about the same then I think you got a reasonable set of assumptions for ’19 that is assuming all things remain the same relative to pension.
Chris Kastner: A better way to think about, Gautam -- so we don’t do calculations on the phone here, it’s just cash taxes are about the same in ’18 and ’19.
Chris Kastner: So remember, the $251 million is overhead expense, it has to go through your contracts through the profitability on the contract, and then through your billing rates. So it’s all the specifics number that will be recovered relative to restructuring, because you have to do it on a contract-by-contract basis. I would say that the vast majority will be recovered in ’18. We also recovered some in ’17 in Q4.
Chris Kastner: Gautam, I know you are trying to get to a precise number here, but it’s really difficult to, because you’re dealing with share lines. Some actually have contract protection where you’re doing contact adjustments for them. Some you don't where you’re just writing share line and have 50-50 share. So it's all in the $100 million pressure that I mentioned and it will -- the vast majority would be recovered in ’18.
Chris Kastner: Assuming everything is equal from a pension assumption standpoint -- and remember as my predecessor used to say, cash can be lumpy because we do have large contracts where large invoices can move across the period. So yes, your fundamental assumption is correct.
Mike Petters: We started this overall capital expansion well ahead of this contracting expansion that we just talked about, and so we’re actually pretty well positioned to drive the -- to reset and drive the efficiencies that we need to get these ships under contract. The specifics around the east bank are really driven by, as we look at the extra workload that the Navy has put-in in some of their competitive programs, especially on the non-nuclear ships, it becomes a capacity issue for us. And I’ll let to Chris talk about it.
Mike Petters: Well, that’s interesting. I mean, I think we probably would not have done the east bank if we were in a steady state position that we ran back when we kicked off the capital program back in 2014. But what we’re seeing right now is the expansion of shipbuilding contract that we talked about between the LPD programs, the Destroyer programs, the Frigate programs, that expansion drives us to a place where to do all of that efficiently, we need extra capacity. And so that's where we’ve made the decision to add on that expansion.
Mike Petters: And regarding the shipbuilding margins, we’ve been on a program here for a few years where we’ve talked about the healthy balance of a shipbuilding enterprise where the amount of stock that you're completing is about the same as the amount of work that you’re contracting for. That if you’re in that healthy blend and you’re executing well, you should be in the 9% to 10% range. What we’re seeing right now is -- and we've been talking about this over the last couple years, ever since the carrier got sequestered and delayed at Newport News, we’ve been a little bit out of balance. And when you get out of balance and you have a lot of work on the front end of the pipeline, we don't recognize the income from that until we retire the risk. So we’re a little bit out of balance as we go into the phase. And now we look out over the next couple years and we see the major amount of shipbuilding coming down the pipeline, so that's going to put us even more out of balance. And we think it's just important for everyone to understand that we’re executing really well. We’re executing really well in every part of our business. The opportunity right now to retire risk to drive margins up and capture that income are not as many as we have seen before. And certainly, at Newport News, there is not as many opportunities. And in the mean time, we’re going to be putting more and more work on the front end of the pipeline. And so we just want to make sure everybody understands that we’re in a really good place right now. I wouldn't trade this position for anything. We’re not having execution problems. We need to go get these ships under contract. They need to be good contracts and they’re going to serve us well for the next five to 10 years. And so that’s why I find this to be the most exciting -- frankly, this is the most exciting shipbuilding environment in over 30 years. And so where the margins go, I guess my thinking on that is that there's two major mistakes you can make in shipbuilding; the first one is you can recognize income before you retire the risk; and when you have to back that out, because you didn’t retire the risk, that’s not a small matter that’s a huge matter. And I’ve lived through a couple of those. We will not do that here at HII. The second mistake you can make is you can go and you can start trying to sign contracts to fill up the volume and the revenue, and you end up signing bad contracts. We’re in a phase right now where the biggest driver we have is, for the future success of this company, is to make sure we get good contracts going forward. So to me, this is exactly where we want to be.
Mike Petters: Well, that’s certainly a way to drive some more costs out of the program. We just submitted our proposal this week to the Navy. The discussion that we’ll have over the next few months is exactly how we plan to execute that, and how they plan to -- how does the contract take shape. Our view is that if you can get away from the five or six year centers that we’ve seen and you can get to something more like three or four, you certainly will get to a place where it will be more efficient. Having said that, I would say I’m getting go back to my overall theme of -- we talked about multi-year procurement of aircraft carriers, that’s the first time in over 30 years that we’ve submitted a two-carrier proposal. That’s pretty cool, multi-ship procurement and carriers. We have submitted a multi-ship procurement in submarines proposal, we’ve submitted a multi-ship multi-year proposal for Destroyers. We’ve been selected to be the sole source provider of what was LXR, which is now LPD Flight II. That’s a pretty strong place for us to be. And it’s really important that we get these contracts right, because five years from now, folks will remember whether you’ll be able to see firsthand, whether we got the contracting of it right or not and that’s the ambition for the next couple of years.
Mike Petters: We’re having to labor up now. But the core of our company is that we’re a workforce development company. We know how to create workforce. We have been ramping the workforce at Newport News for a period of time now. And we have training schools, we have cracked training programs, we are using digital technology to get our workforce up to speed faster. It's really exciting to watch our young new craftsmen come in and actually take some of our digital tools, and show them to some of our more senior folks and have our senior folks engage in that. So there's a lot of excitement on the waterfront right now in terms of how we’re going to get work done, and how we’re creating this new workforce. And that's true at Newport News and it’s true at Ingalls as well. And so we’re confident that we’re on track to do what we needed to support the business from a workforce standpoint. I have more concern about supply chain. We have 5,000 suppliers there across costs virtually every state in the union. And we spend a lot of time in supply chain right now, especially with those critical suppliers to make sure that they get the signals that they need to invest, the support that they need to create, the workforce that they need -- and I will go back now to the two carrier solicitation. The fact that the government that they Pentagon sent us a proposal, a request for proposal on two carriers, is the biggest signal that the Navy could have sent to the entire supply chain that we are serious about this ramp-up in the size of the Navy. And so let's take that signal and let’s run with it, let’s go invest in our facilities and invest in our workforce and get this done. So we’re excited about that and we are seeing that excitement now in our supply chain.
Mike Petters: And I would just add to that we go into every contract, as we talked about many times. We put the entire risk register in front of us and we don't take credit for any evidence till its retired. And so if we have major setbacks in a program, it will be because of a risk that we not only did not retire, but it's that we didn't foresee, because we -- if we just take a step back on a program, it’s because we didn’t see that one coming. If we saw it coming, we’re not taking credit for it yet. So that’s the way --that’s what informs us when we think about where the business ought to be. And so like I said, the biggest sin you can make in this business is recognizing income before its time. And we’re just not going to fall into that trap.
Mike Petters: It’s just the volume of work, the time of contracts, the volume of work that’s coming in, the opportunities that we might have to recognize income along the way. I mean it’s the composite of all that that puts us in -- we just create a band around and say this is what you can expect for the next couple of years. And actually this is really good. This is a great problem for us to have right now.
Mike Petters: Well, I mean I think in most of our situations as we’ve talked about when we go to contract, we’re not really talking much about -- and we might negotiate a little bit about price of a contract, the target of the contract. But what we’re really negotiating in our negotiations is the risk on the contract. And we’re usually in a place where the government needs the contract and we need the contract. So when we go in the room, we have differing views of how much risk there is on the program. And both of us have to walk out of the room with a contract that we are both happy with. And so you get -- and that happens -- that happen on every ship in the multiyear procurements but it happens on every block. In the case of a larger procurement, it happens on every ship. And so whatever risk retirement that you've accomplished on a previous ship affects the way that that risk discussion goes in the next contract. And so that keeps it in the band of relative performance in my view. And I think that's the pretty healthy for us and it’s healthy for the government, and it’s worked well over the years. And I think that's the way it’s going to go going forward. If you remember the discussion we’ve had here, a lot of what put the pressure on Newport News that we’ve talked about for the last year or two was really goes back to four or five years ago when there was -- we were talking about sequestration and refueling overhaul got the rate by a year. And when that happen, the start of that overhaul was delayed by a year, it put Newport News in a place where they actually had to go through a process of laying people off, getting themselves a little bit out of whack in terms of skill set in the business and then bringing those people back as we started to ramp up. That was absolutely the most inefficient way from a program management standpoint to execute. And it’s to me, it’s Exhibit A and why sequestration has been such a bad idea. Where we are today is we have a two-year budget deal. We are a company that actually benefits from this two-year budget deal in a different way than most others. A lot companies are having a discussion about what happens after the two-year budget deal is done. For us, our objective is to get as much of this under contract during this two-year window as we possibly can. And it insulates us from what happens on the back end of that. Not completely not entirely, but it certainly is a place that I’d like to be. And this shipbuilding ramp up is larger than any ramp up we’ve seen since the Reagan build up. So that’s where we’re going.
Mike Petters: We’re just working through. This is the normal -- the romance of the business, just working through the process of delivery. The delivery of a submarine requires a whole lot of second checks and certifications and retests, and those kinds of things. And I don’t see it as to be anything exceptionally abnormal. We would certainly like it to be delivered sooner but nothing that’s causing us anything other than programmatic concern.
Mike Petters: We’re going to -- we’ll evaluate the EAC as it moves through the quarter and if we have an opportunity we’ll take it.
Mike Petters: Well, we’re still tracking, George. The challenge on the Kennedy that we took at the beginning, we invested to take man hours out. We took a pretty significant man hour challenge on the ship, and we’re tracking to that. And so the things that we invested in are paying off for us. The leadership team is working to try to launch the ship a little bit early. We’re supportive of that. But we, as Chris said, we will be evaluating EACs on that program each quarter as we go forward.
Mike Petters: I’ll go a step further. I think we’re getting real traction in TS right now. As Chris mentioned, the awards the Nevada test site and the Los Alamos laboratory, both of those awards in the second half of last year, basically ratified our view that we can create a channel of capability to a new customer. And DOE is a very important customer with a pretty significant amount of work to do over the next -- basically the next same time next 50 years that shipbuilding is looking out to. And so getting our foot in there and improving our work and working on the hard stuff that they do and getting that right now is a way for us to expand our position in the Department of Energy space. You know we have a teaming agreement with Boeing on the UUV business. We think we’re getting traction there and this is a business that we were not anywhere near being seven years ago. And so my estimation is that the UUV businesses is going to be one of those places where a lot of people are going to want to be. But we think we’re in a good position in that business right now. The Navy's decision and discussion about increasing its readiness and trying to get complete support activity out there, that plays right to what AMSEC does is part of a technical solutions. So we've been planning, over the last couple years we’ve been planning a lot of seeds in the Technical Solutions business, some of them are starting to ripen now. And I feel comfortable that we're getting good traction there. And that's the part of our business that’s really on the move, and I'm glad that they’re part of us and I am excited about what they’re going to do for us.
Mike Petters: The short answer is, not much different than what we’ve been saying. There is a fixation on number, because that’s how the Navy communicates to the Congress and to the country what its requirements are. As you know, when they come up with a number, they put it into a plan that was going to be many, many years couple of decades before they get close to that. And so there is a lot of question back saying if you really going -- if we really need 355 ships then we need to get there as fast as we can. So getting there as fast as you can means that not only do you ramp up construction, which is what we’ve been talking about for most of the last hour, you also need to go and make sure that you bring along the other ships that you’ve got. And kind of hard to go and ask the citizens to pay for a bigger Navy if you’re not doing everything you can to take care of the assets that you have. So whether it’s refueling a few 688s that are assessed to be worthwhile, or maybe you bring cruisers back or maybe there is extensions on Destroyers, all of that is part of, I think the reality of -- our Navy is trapped. We talked about this a year and half ago that our own internal assessment was that the Navy was probably 20% short of ships. The Navy assessment came out with some precision in that number, but that’s all consistent saying that we’re asking our Navy to do stuff and their operating tempos are too high, they don’t have enough ships to be in all the places that they need to be and they need to get as many of them out there as they possibly can. So I am not terribly fixated on the 355 as a number, because you get into all discussion about what you’re counting and what you’re not counting and does this count as a ship, and I don’t really spend a lot of time on that. What I can tell you right now is that the Navy is moving forward with multi-ship procurement across its most complex platforms. And they’re moving out in a way that we haven’t seen since the Reagan era. That is a major change in this space, and that’s why I come back to -- this is the most exciting time for us to be in the space. You may remember Carter that the Reagan buildup was for 600-ship Navy, we never got to 600. I think that we got into the 580s before we backed away from that. So that’s why I don’t fixate so much on the number as I focus on what are they doing. Releasing the two-ship RFP for the carrier is a huge signal to the industry that we are going to expand the Navy. And so like I said last quarter, I have to practice saying the word growth. I now am a believer. We are moving down a path to expand the Navy and this company is going to be the principal partner in making that happen and we’re excited about that.
Mike Petters: Well, I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call. As you can tell, I am very excited about where we are and where our shipbuilding business is headed. But I am equally excited about the traction we’re getting in our Technical Solutions division today. This big piece of contracting that we’re going to be doing is going to actually move us out of the balance that we've been talking about for seven years in the 9% to 10% range. It’s going to put pressure on the low end of the scale. If I have to choose between having pressure on the low end of the scale, because I have too many new contracts to work, or having out of the margin high, because I am executing a lot of material work and not getting new contracts, I’d absolutely choose to be where we are today. I am excitedly to be partnered with the Pentagon to go get all this work done. And we have a team that’s executing well, and is well positioned to get this done over the next couple of years. So as we do that, we will continue to focus on execution, because that's been the hallmark of what we do and I’m excited about that. So thanks for joining us this morning, and I look forward to seeing you.
