Mike Petters: As we said many times here George, the healthy business operates in the 9% to 10% range based on the blend and mix and the maturity of the work that we have going on. We had a great year in retiring risk in 2014. We have to do that again. At Newport News we have a lot of cost type work and we’re doing the delivery of the Ford. Most of that work will be done this year as we get ready for delivery next year. We’re going to be heading down the path of delivery of the RCOH and a lot of that work is going to be done this year and the enterprise also. We have three carriers in a cost type environment at Newport News that is going to make it -- it's a little bit out of balance in terms of the blended rate, so we'll be working our way through this year at Newport News. At Ingalls, the question really is how does with future workflow to support the risk retirement that we have going on, whether it's LPD 28 or the next LHA. How does that work flow in fit into our work? And so that's why we're not going to try to handicap whether it's higher or lower than 9.4%. We're just going to continue to say that to be healthy in this business you ought to be able to operate sustainably in the 9% to 10% range.
Mike Petters: And Rob, if I could just pile on here, I know you didn't quite as this question but if you think about what's going to happen on the Navy business in the next five years and just take a look at the programs that are going to be awarded and then the tail that comes with those programs CVN-79 the construction contract, the CVN-73 RCOH, CVN 74 RCOH, the next block of submarines. The Ohio replacement program, LHA 8 and a whatever might come after LHA 8, the LPD 28 and the LXR program, a competition on the DDG program again. Whatever the Navy pass, whatever they chose for some future small surface combat is out there. You see an awful lot of activity not just in awards in the next five years but in terms of programs that are going to go out for 20 to 25 years are going to be decided here in the next five years and so our decision is that we want to invest against that to make sure that our competitive posture is where it needs to be. The Navy has got pressures on the budget side of this and so in some programs where we’re sole-source, our competition is with the budget and not necessarily with someone else and so our investment here is going to be about driving the efficiency into the business that our customer needs. In a way that will be sustainable, will create sustainable value for us longer than a year or two but really talking about a 20 to 25 year kind of return.
Mike Petters: Well Doug I think first of all we've been doing some work on that program already, but as I've said before I think the way you have to think about that program. It is a major national construction effort and the entire submarine industrial base will be involved in trying to produce that program at the same time that it's still producing the Virginia class program. You'll have to ask the Navy on what their timing for their decisions on different pieces of this will be. But our expectation is that there will be a whole lot of discussions going forward about what's the most optimal way for the submarine industrial base at the national submarine base to produce the nation's demand for submarines. And so we expect that that will be played out over the next couple of years.
Mike Petters: Well there is no doubt that there has been a major change in that space from where we were a year ago. Our challenge today is to manage the reduced flow of capital. We see companies in that space that are delaying their projects. For the most part projects are not been canceled. We have really good customers that are working with us on delaying these projects to match their capital expenditures. They're changing their CapEx based on the oil price. The challenge for us is that there is definitely going to be less volume. We have got a size of the business to be successful at a lower volume. We have got to do that in an environment where we maintain the relationships that we have with these -- we have a superior group of customers and we're very proud of that customer set. We've got to maintain that relationship that we have with them. We bring to those customers some unique skills today and it's very important for us that we preserve and maintain those capabilities going forward because when this market terms and I believe it's inevitable that it will just don't ask me when. When it turns we are going to be positioned to benefit from that and the first order of business is we've got to be successful at a lower volume. Now as far as going forward and how you think about investing in that space, certainly growth rates have changed from where they were a year ago. A little bit different way to think about how do you value something in that space and so we're giving all of that another view. Certainly our view of the space has changed since where we were a year ago. But the bottom line Doug is that if we have a lot of capability and we’re interested in creating channels to those customers who need our capabilities and we think that that's a way to create new value for our business that wasn't there before.
Mike Petters: I think the sequestration is the elephant in the room, frankly. I'm an optimist and I believe that somehow someway we will find a way to move into 2016 in a non-sequestered way. I can't tell you what the mechanism for that will be and I don't know what the catalyst for it is. But I do think that somehow this great country will find a way to do that because the alternative is just so bad. Relative to our specific programs, sequestration is -- in the midterm is a real challenge because when you start to look at some of the programs that I talked about over the next five years sequestration will directly affect some of those programs. I think the Navy has provided their list of how -- which programs get affected and by what volumes. The carrier program gets affected. The RCOH has been playing out on the front pages for the last couple of years. And I don't think that changes even though we have this contract now and we're racing towards an RCOH I think if we're in a sequestered environment I think that all gets debated again. And so I'm not sure that I would say that it's all cleared up. I think that I'm optimistic that we will find a way through it but there is still a lot of moving parts.
Mike Petters: We’re at the very front end of the Navy's acquisition strategy for a range of programs and I think that that like a lot of things if you look at it before the cake is done sometimes that affects the cake. So I'm not going to comment too much on this except to say we're engaged with the Navy to figure how is the best way for them to successfully acquire the platforms that they need going forward.
Mike Petters: We think about that and we use that to set the stage four years ago for driving efficiency in our shipbuilding business. Over the long-term where we really want to be is we want to be driving the return on invested capital in our business up and we’re making some big investments right now and so that’s going to be, we’re still kind of going to be going through this phase is that return on sales or segment margin or is it return on invested capital? I think about that in terms of specifically I think about shipyards in being -- a healthy shipbuilding business operates in that 9% to 10% range. Relative to other segment that we’re talking about today, as I said we expect that to be successful at a lower volume and that's what our efforts going to be. Overall I think we still be in the 9% to 10% range.
Mike Petters: Where we are at Ingalls is the execution side of Ingalls is going very well right now. Across all other programs that I went through and our comments -- I'm very, very happy with the way that we are executing. But part of being the healthy shipyard is that you have to bring in the future work to balance the volume. And so -- how does the Navy acquire the platforms and how does Ingalls participate in those acquisitions over the next few years is part of the equation as to whether they can be sustainable or not. And so really four years ago the focus at Ingalls was on execution. Today the focus at Ingalls -- it always remains on execution but we then have to use our performance to make sure that we preserve and capture the work that's in front of us. And so that's what our effort is. If that work starts to move around even though we will be executing well it will drive our rates and that will negatively affect the business. So our overall approach is to let's get this work done. That's why we're particularly pleased with where the LPD 28 came out. The Congress step forward and put a $1 billion up against that program and the Navy came back in the '16 budget and added more money to the program and basically now there is a commitment to go and execute that program. We think that that is the right decision but it also is very, very helpful to Ingalls around the sustainability of their future.
Mike Petters: The perspective that we have is that we've taken advantage of the serial production in the LPD program and the restart of the destroyer program. And the lessons learned on the LHA's. We've taken advantage of that to fix the returns on our Ingalls business. And we look out ahead and we see the LXR program out there which is a new program, we see the next competition for the destroyers which will be -- that's coming up in about three years. We see the next -- we see LHA-8 is under some significant budget pressure at this point and we see the question is what happens after LHA-8 out there. We see the need to reset the competitive posture at Ingalls and so that's our objective here is to first of all reset that from a capital investment perspective and the facilities perspective, I’ve been working on process for quite a while but it's time for us to go and align the facility and our process there to be even more competitive. I think the one way to think about that Doug is that we’re building multiple classes of ships in the shipyards, in each of our shipyards and so we’re building facilities that tend to be multi-platform flexible which makes it a little bit different kind of investment profile than say other folks might have. At Newport News there is a lot of budget pressure as you well know in the carrier program there is a cost cap on CVN-79, the challenge of getting to a contract. I mean we've been working on trying to get to a contract for quite a while. How do you invest in the process efficiencies they are going to allow that to happen? I do think that there will be -- as a submarine industrial base tries to figure out how to support the Virginia class and Ohio replacement programs at the same time, there is going to be need for capital investment at Newport News to support that. And we stand ready to go make those investments. And I think when you step back and look at capital investment in the shipbuilding space overall we tend to think of capital is something that's going to play out over the next 3 to 5 years but in fact the capital investment that we make today will be generational. I kind of think of this -- this may be a little bit more like the investment that a drug company makes before they bring a drug to the market. We make a big investment in the space and then we go and we use that to capture the programs and then we drive the serial production in the programs to capture the returns that we need. And so that's kind of where the phase is and if you look as I've gone through the list of the things that the Navy is going to be settling in the next five years this is the time for us to go and reset the competitive posture of our shipbuilding business.
Mike Petters: I think Doug that's great insight and I think that that's some of both. First of all in the aftermath of Katrina what we did is we rebuilt the shipyard. I can't say that we actually modernize the shipyard in the sense of bringing it to where the state-of-the-art is in terms of shipbuilding production. We were changing the team that was there was changing the wheel on a car that was going around a curve at 60 miles an hour and a lot of what was done was just rebuilding what we already had. This is a much different thought process on what is the process that we're going to use for building ships? Some of the investment that we’re going to make are going to be generic in nature that will support all of our ship building programs. Some of them will be conditional based on the Navy's plan for acquisition and you bring up the timing of the program that may certainly affect the timing of some of our investments. But all in all our overall approach here is there is so much in play over the next 3 to 5 years that has such a long impact on the business that we want to be out in front of that.
Mike Petters: I think sometimes you need a program to try to decipher what you read in the budget documents. We're in a place where we are moving towards completion on CVN-78 and the program is funded. How the government is trying to do their housekeeping to make sure that they have the funding to get us to the end point, we're aware of that but that's really an internal to the government kind of discussion. We have the authorities, the processes, the people and the decisions to make to get the ship delivered and that's what we're really focused on. On CVN-79 we've been doing significant work on a construction preparation contract. We have been negotiating the detailed design and construction contract. We have talked for a while about the challenge of negotiating a price type contract when you're not finished yet with the first one which was in a cost type environment. And so we are still trying to work our way through that and get some common view of what's the risk in that program and make sure the government and the company have a view of the risk that looks the same. Overlying that whole negotiation though really is the cost cap on CVN-79 which is a number that was set equivalent to the cost cap on CVN-78 back in 2006 or so something like that. And so trying to figure out how do you get all the scope, how do you get the risk agreed to and how do you do that inside the box that the government is operating inside has made for a really challenging negotiation. As far as the funding goes and the way the budget request and the appropriations and the way the Navy is thinking about that -- we're pretty very confident that all the authority and funding that we need to get these ships done is in place.
Mike Petters: No what's happened here is we actually now have a contract to plan for the refueling. The contract mod that we just did cuts us loose to go and plan the work as if it's a refueling and to actually begin the procurement of long lead material to do that. What will be hanging over that is that there will be an execution contract to follow and the execution contract could be affected by whether or not we're in a sequestered environment. And so that's sort of the grey area out there. As I said I'm an optimist, I believe that we will find a path through there, I believe that ship will be refueled. I believe that we will get to the 79 under contract. I believe that these programs will stay on track and the timing will all be in place. But I don't know what the catalyst for removal of sequestration is, yet. So we'll see.
Mike Petters: Well we certainly believe strongly in bringing our shareholders along with us as we go forward. I believe that our shareholders understand that we need to go and be successful in this resetting of the business and so we see that being pretty balanced going forward. This is not something that we will do at the expense of the shareholders. This will be done with them in partnership with us.
Mike Petters: Okay. Thanks everybody for joining us today. I'd like to wrap things up by just saying how pleased I'm with where we are right now. Looking back over the past four years we have absolutely turned around the performance at Ingalls and we have maintained Newport News performance at the levels that you expect. In spite of our challenges at UPI we have produced the operating margin in cash at levels right in-line with our expectations. We have a clear view of the things we need to do to maintain a strong and competitive business for the long-term. Our relentless focus on execution will never change. We do recognize the importance of finding new paths to create additional value and we absolutely plan to bring our shareholders along with us. So thanks for your interest in HII and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Barb Niland: So let's start with capital. And that's exactly why I explained capital and split out the maintenance and sustainment pretty steady at 3%. The discretionary capital are individual projects based on engineering studies that prove out the concept can improve efficiencies and reduce future cost to help us be more competitive. So we're not releasing all that capital and giving everybody a blank check to move forward. We're releasing it incremental and engineering studies to look at the items and determine if they make sense for us. Okay. So in a perfect world if all the projects that everybody wanted to do this year -- the range would be in that total capital 4.5% to 5% range right? At each project will be let out incrementally. And each quarter I'll let you know if I'm getting closer to that amount or not. So that covers the capital. On the working capital side we continue to work on working capital and yes -- we’re successful in the sale of Gulfport that will help a little bit but we assumed in some of what is in receivables today that we would sell Gulfport. So it will depend on the exact value we sell it for whether we will see an improvement due to that sale. And then the other thing we will be timing of completing the negotiations with the customer on that accelerated depreciation that's sitting in accounts receivable right now. So I believe though we have made a great effort to sell the property for -- and that the customer should recognize that and negotiations on that particular issue should go okay and move forward quickly once we get that sale complete. On the Avondale restructuring piece, remember we just recovered that over five years. So part of that would be recovered. And then since you're worried about what cash is going to be at the end of the year I would say 2014 we had an outstanding collections. We pretty much collected every single invoice we had outstanding, that's my first time in 10 years I've seen that. So it can be lumpy just because of timing. We might get paid January 2nd versus December 29th. So it's really tough to predict what it will end up at the end of the year.
Barb Niland: I think it's going to be tough to call on that one. My famous word lumpy it could be. It could be the same as 2014. It could be worse. So I promise you my entire team is working that every day. We have a relentless focus on improving working capital in this business.
Barb Niland: The other segment in a healthy business, remember it's a services business so it's in the 5% to 7% range, okay, with no capital investment. And then in the shipbuilding side where Mike talked about the healthy range of 9% to 10%, what you have to remember is we have services also in the shipbuilding side with our businesses and AMSEC and continental maritime that are -- we’re absorbing it at a much lower margin rate because those contracts are all time and material or cost plus with much lower margin rates. So it's all about being a healthy business and having a good mix of programs.
Barb Niland: And John, I would like to add when you -- Jason I'm sorry, when you talked about the fourth quarter being pretty big at Ingalls. It was because we launched LPD 26 and as we go into 2015 we will have the launch of NSC-6 and the launch of one of the DDGs. And much smaller ships so we had big risk retirement on 26 that affected the fourth quarter. And the risk retirement on a smaller ship will be a little different next year or this year, as we are in this year.
Barb Niland: I don't have that crystal ball here. Of course we have projections where we think they'll be but -- George, I hate to go out on a limb on that one, but thanks for asking me.
Barb Niland: If we can get a good rate and the time is right it would be the smart thing to do. So we always look at it and when the numbers balance and the MPB is that the right rate we certainly will jump in if we have the opportunity.
