Barb Niland: Rob well if I can answer a little bit of that and then I'll let Mike add to it, if that's okay. At Ingalls we're seeing was about $7.6 billion in backlog. So when you think about how long it takes to deliver those ships and everything you can do the math, you've a minimum of 10 quarters, but I think that we won't have all those ships delivered in 10 quarters.
Barb Niland: Yeah we talked about it in the past. We said that 25% was what we were burning off, so over the entire year.
Barb Niland: Sure. Across all four of those contracts we had a change in our escalation that affected the targets on this contract downward. All right, so that's just a cycle life of how the contracts work with escalation. So we had small piece of it was that. The majority of it was actually performance on LPD-24 and getting that ship to sea.
Barb Niland: Yeah, in the quarter we lost about $23 million of sale volume and about a $1 million OM on that. So we looked at that is not material.
Barb Niland: So, we've a risk free rate and it wasn't as significant as the drop when we look at it this year. And so basically that was the driver.
Barb Niland: Okay. So let me start with what you're seeing when we filed a Q on the gross favorable adjustments are $46 million, and the gross unfavorable adjustments are $55 million. So that $55 million includes the workers' comp and then the LPD 22 thorough 25 and the $46 million includes that enterprise EDSRA $50 million that we talked about earlier. As far as the share repurchase program we're looking at it. I don't want to really say that we have a prefect schedule of exactly how we're going to do it. We'll watch and see what happens.
Barb Niland: Well, it works just like pensions. So when you adjust the discount rate, here in this case the discount rate going down, it increase your liabilities, you got to flow this, you got to expense those through your contracts.
Barb Niland: Well, you're going out a long way. But I'd say hey, it really depends on what happens with like the domestic manufacturing deduction and your R&D credits and all the other sausage making that goes into the taxes. But if you want to pick a number, I'd just go with the statutory rate of 35%.
Barb Niland: There is really not a big difference in the way the contracts work. It's really how we priced it and we priced it based on our current experience. And then, because the contracts are very similar they're both fixed price and -- say we're both fixed price instead of contracts. So it's based on, we priced it based on current performance and then from a work standpoint, we've put our operating system in place and we have a more diligent process where we go through this phase construction. And then the third piece of that, as Mike's talked about, we conservatively book on the front end due to the risk in front of us. And then as we retire that risk we improve so the margin rates going forward.
Mike Petters: But remember Rob, I mean that reflex here is to say okay, if it's, whatever the percentage, 25% or whatever is not performing then you want to say okay the rest of them must be performing at the top of the, at the right rate. Well what we're doing here is we're retiring the ships that should be performing at the top rate and we're filling in with work that the blend is low and so it takes time for us to walk our way up back to 2015 where we will achieve the nine plus objective there.
Mike Petters: Doug, I think, first of all I think you're right. The major projects at Newport News and it was the Virginia Class program to get facilities for two submarines per year production capability as well as the inactivation business for the enterprise and then the follow-on aircraft carrier and activation business. We are on the back end of that. We're thinking about the next round of investments for the Navy relative to future programs out there, whether it's a higher replacement programs or something like that or may be even thinking more about how do we retire the risk on certain programs to make them more affordable so that we can strengthen their position budget debate that's going on. So we think about that as well. We think the same way at Ingalls. Ingalls future is probably a bit more dynamic than the Newport News. One, the ships, there's, the ships are smaller and come a little bit faster and so being able to invest to support or kick start the next program and help make that affordable to help the taxpayers find their way to support it, it's something that we're very interested in doing. And so we're always thinking about that. Having said that, inside of our navy shipbuilding business today, we are on the back end of a pretty substantial investment, and we are very proud of the facilities and capital that we have in place today.
Mike Petters: Well we have that next round of competition is actually underway right now. Both teams have submitted bids. It's for, nominally for nine ships. There is discussion that the navy might actually try to find a way to award 10 ships in this discussion. The answer to your question about are we, where we want to be. We will not be where we want to be unless we win. And so we've taken a lot. We've taken a lot of steps. We got a lot of good feedback from that last round of competition. We have been driving our competitive posture and we look for ways to continue to improve our competitive position. But at the end of the day, no matter how good we feel about it, if we don't win we need, we have more work to do. And so that's kind of the way we're approaching it.
Mike Petters: Well as we've said all along these four ships 22 through 25 are challenges for us. Two of them are being built, were built in Pascagoula, two of them were being built in Avondale. The challenge specifically with LPD-24 was that LPD-24 was the last ship in the line, while in the production line while our shipyard was going through the trials and tribulations of LHD-8, LPD-22, the DDG-1000 swap, the startup of the NSC program, the other things that were going on there in the aftermath of the storm. So the 24 had a variety of issues associated with reallocating resources to those other programs. On the other hand LPD-24 had the full benefit or had the most benefit of the operating system that we put in place. And so as we approach delivery, the lessons that we learn from LPD-22 and 23 to get the ships to delivery, we absolutely applied and benefitted from. But on the other hand we still had to work through some of these longstanding issues that were out there. And as I, the other thing I said from the beginning is that the number one issue for these ships is we've to deliver. It's unfortunate and concerns us greatly when we have to do something like we've done this quarter. But we're very excited that we got the ship out to acceptance trials. We got to cross that threshold. The ship performed very well on acceptance trials and we are very strongly committed to getting that ship delivered before the end of the year. And the number one issue for us is getting these five ships delivered. This will be the third one. LPD-25 and LHA-6 deliver next year. The delivery of LPD-24 just enhances our confidence in and our plan to get those two ships delivered next year. Certainly, things that we learned from LPD-24 are rolled forward into 25 and LHA-6, Sam.
Mike Petters: Well, I think the first thing is let's step back at how do we do this. The way that Barb and I have set this to be done in this organization over the last five years is, we're very conservative on the front-end of the program. We identify what we think the risks are and we don't take credit for retiring a risk until the risk is actually retired. So, on all of the new work that we've started in Pascagoula the two destroyers, the two LPDs and LHA-7 were being fairly conservative there at this point given that, when you sign the contract you have a risk register and as we retire those risks then we will adjust the rates accordingly. That has been the approach to reduce the Newport News for many, many years. And so -- and it shows itself in all of the performance, in all of the programs that we have at Newport News. As we, we've had quarters where we've had step ups at Newport News due to a delivery of a ship, which is the ultimate retirement of risk on that ship, and that creates a little bit of a lumpiness quarter-to-quarter that you see. But over the long-term, it's a very, very solid way to recognize the profitability of the program, it's always stepping forward its pace I guess, is the right way to say that. And so, relative to the specific programs that you mentioned, the destroyer program, this is a restart of the DDG-51 line. There was a five-year gap in that line and we were given the opportunity to be the first two ships in production. We're very pleased with the way that production has started because we're actually brining the operating systems that we put in place, in the discipline and the culture to bare on these ships at the very beginning of the program. And so, we are performing as we expect to perform on those programs. I would say the same for the LPD's and the LHA. They are, particularly the LHA-7 probably not quite as for along as the destroyers are. But in all of those programs the things that we have done to improve our operating system and improve our culture and enhance the caliber and quality of our leadership team are all paying off for us there. At Newport News, and with regard to technology insertions, I'm not sure exactly what you mean by technology going into the DDG-51 program. This was merely designed to be a restart of a material product line. There is always some technology being inserted in the warfare systems and in the sensors. But in terms of building the ships, those are, the earlier we know about those the more we can accommodate them but they're not big drivers in the process that we use to fabricate the ships. Over to Newport News in the carrier program we've talked a lot about the Ford over the past several quarters. The Ford continues to be on track. It continues to be the very best lead ship that I've ever seen. We do have some of the standard issues that go along with lead ships. You have new technology that doesn't develop as fast as you need to and so you've to figure out how you're going to work your way around that in the course of the contract. Our contract structure recognizes that risk and we have the appropriate sharing mechanism with our customer, so that both of us get the real value for the taxpayers there, and so that's proceeding apace. The submarine program is going very well. And in fact, the submarine program is another program where the Navy is considering would really like -- I won't speak for the Navy but I would like to see the contract go to 10 ships. There is an effort in the Congress today to try to expand that nine ship offer in Block 4 to make that a 10 ship Block. And so, we're excited about that and we're leaning forward to it, and I think that's just a testament to the caliber of the team and the quality to work that's being done.
Mike Petters: Yeah, I think that's fair. We're -- we were comfortable with the pace that we're on right now relative to our disruption.
Mike Petters: It was, a combination of all the things we've already talked about George. I mean there was no major single event. It was we're in the same quarter where we're trying to get LPD-23 delivered. We're trying to take LPD-24 from builders' trials to acceptance trials. And so there is a big press on that to get that done. There is things that happen day in and day out. But then there is things that we're doing to recover from things that were a couple of years back. So I can't say that there was any single event on that. And I think Barb talked about how there was, the overall effect on the whole. Remember these four ships were all part of the same major contract and so the overall effect of the whole contract was impacted as well.
Mike Petters: Sure. Sure, thanks George. I think the first thing is that you remember we talked before these -- this four ship contract was it assumed a serial production line with a very steep learning curve in it. And it was signed post-Katrina and it assumed a pre-Katrina cost base line. And that's what we've been dealing with from the -- really from the day the contract was signed we've been Barb and I got there a couple of years later and we've been dealing with that ever since we got there. When we go to contract on LPD-26, we number one, are taking advantage of the operating system that we put in place, which includes class plan, build plans, serial production assumptions relative to how we're going to build things. We're going to do things the same way over and over again. It includes the full scale risk register that we've created. It includes the phase construction program with the hot washes and the phase start discussions that we do. All of those things are there and it reflects the cost base line that we have experienced post-Katrina. And so all of those things in tandem give us great confidence that these ships are not anywhere near to the same path that the four ships in previous contracts were on. Having said that, we still -- we manage it exactly the way we manage all of our other programs. We are conservative on the front-end. We only take credit for risk retirement when it's actually retired. And so we're ramping on those programs today. We go into the start of fabrication or the start of a major milestone and we don't take credit for that until we've actually accomplished it. And I think that that's a tribute to the leadership team there in Pascagoula, the way that they've started on these programs, and Irwin and his team are doing a fine job of getting these programs started the right way. And I think that will serve us very, very well over the next couple of years.
Mike Petters: Sure. I mean overall our number one challenge in this business is to achieve the full potential of this business. And that is to look for opportunities to create value and cash deployment is the way that we consider that. We're not completely focused in on any single approach. I think what we've described here is a very balanced approach of how we're going to deploy the cash. But we've talked about investing in the business that we're in to enhance new businesses like the carrier inactivation or the Virginia Class program or retire risk on programs to make them more affordable and may be help make them come to provision. But we also highlighted that; we're interested in doing those things that are -- that were uniquely qualified to do for may be other customers who may have a need for that. I think the team that we have at Savannah River is very a good example of how we are there to do nuclear operations. We are best in class when it comes to doing that kind of work and there are customers out there that need us to do that. We certainly want to bring the shareholders along and I think that from my standpoint, today is an historic day, really in this company today is the day we initiated the dividend and so we're very excited about that and we want to bring everyone along. We think that's a way for communicating and enhancing the value of this business as well.
Mike Petters: Well, what I'd like to say is that we've already made our decision. We are closing the yard to navy business. The point of no return is really a discussion about the workforce. The delivery of LPD-23 means that LPD-25 is the only work that's left there. And so over the next year we will be delivering LPD-25. And as we go through that in the normal course of a ship delivery, the level of the workforce, the number of the workers that are on that ship will decline, has been declining, and will continue to decline. We do see that in that area of the country there are significant projects being planned or announced that would require a skill set that's not unlike the skill set that we have in Avondale. And it's modular construction, it's high energy systems, it's high density systems that we know how to go do. The challenge for us is what's the schedule for those projects, would we still have a workforce if we decided to deploy in that direction. And the second challenge is can we be competitive. And what does it take for us to be competitive in that environment. The fact is that having a qualified workforce and a skilled workforce in today's economy and in today's environment is a great asset and we're really working hard to try to figure out a way to take advantage of that.
Mike Petters: Joe you got it exactly right. That's exactly right. I mean the issue here is that these programs have been under water really from for a quite a while now. And so whatever we do, as we said from the beginning whatever we do on these programs is going to be very visible. The fact that we would be not actually taking credit on LPD-26 or 27 until we retire the risk means that you shouldn't see this kind of thing as we approach delivery on the new contracts.
Mike Petters: Well number one, there is no way we would get involved in something that was not in our core competency. I mean the reason that we are looking at this is because we do actually think we have a core competency here for fabrication and design -- design and engineering and fabrication of complex systems. We do know how to do that. The question about the timeline. So let me just put everybody at ease here. We're not charging out to go do something that we don't know how to do. We will only do something that we know how to do; we'll do it in a measured way so that we can prove to ourselves that we can be successful with it. Relative to the timeline for it again, I think that the compete -- the competition on the timeline is, we're not sure the demand for these products is going to be soon enough to support the workforce that we've in place. And so that's the balance that we're looking at. And, in the meantime we will continue to execute our plan to close the shipyard.
Mike Petters: You know Myles; I've got lots of scars on my back from those kinds of initiatives. And so believe me, I'm treading very softly here. On the other hand we said from the very beginning that if we're able to create a partnership along the way that can take advantage of our unique capabilities where they would have an understanding of the role in the marketplace. If we're able to demonstrate the ability to be competitive, then I would have to say that's an opportunity for us to achieve some potential that we otherwise wouldn't have achieved. And so I'm being open minded about this at this point. We're not charging off in a reckless fashion at all. We're being very thoughtful about this. The reality is that the projects that are being planned or have been announced will require a manufacturing workforce that does not exist today. That is a reality. And so the question, if you're sitting here with a manufacturing workforce, the question is how you engage in that? And can you engage in that? And we're way in that.
Mike Petters: Yeah, I think the continuing resolution that goes through March does create an issue relative to the award of the contract before that. And so, this would be something after the March CR expires assuming that there was a FY'13 bill. And Myles that there is probably a range of possibilities there where you can have a normal bill, you can have a continuing resolution with anomalies, you can have a continuing resolution with no anomalies and you can kind of figure out which of those make sense for new starts and which doesn't. But in the situation we're in right now, well we don't expect that award to be in the current situation, it would be after this is resolved to the next phase.
Mike Petters: Sure Brian. And I think it's fair to say that we are -- we take small steps and we wanted to start here in a very modest way. And as we go forward, we would evaluate our next approach. Our sense here is that we thought it'll be better to start early than to wait. And let's get started with it and then see where it takes us. And again, no need to go jump into the deep end of the pool let's just start here at the beginning and start walking down the path. 
Mike Petters: Well, thanks for the question, Ron. We, first of all, we made a decision very early on in this year that -- and I would say that it was a bit of a bad but I think it has paid off for us. And that is, that prior year obligated funds are just not going to be part of this discussion. And so, prior year obligated funds for us are all the ship contracts that we have and the design contracts that we have. And the backlog that Barb has talked about, we've got the contract signed at Ingalls that carries us out for the next few years. We've got contracts of Newport News that are going to carry us out for the next few years. And so, the near-term affect of sequestration as it exists, our sense of it is, it's not a near-term issue for HII. We are watching very closely the impact to our suppliers. We have 5,000 suppliers in all 50 states and those guys they're very careful about this, trying to predict how things are going to go and what investments they need to be making to support us. And so, we monitor that very closely, and if that -- so any affect from that would have a little bit of an effect on us. But for the most part, we're just working our way through that in terms of the near-term. I do think that there needs to be and their will be a discussion about how do we allocate the resources that we have for the needs that we have. And I think that debate is going to play out over the next couple of years. And that's really a discussion about what this company looks like in the 5 to 10 year timeframe. And so, we're going into a phase here over the next couple of years where Newport News is going to be signing a series of contracts, the new carrier construction contract, the next carrier refueling contract, the Block 4 submarine contract, the inactivation of Enterprise. We believe that all of those things will happen. I'm not sure that I would go and place a large wager on exactly when are they going to happen, because I think that when is going to be the part that gets kind of move the ships to get moved around in some of this discussion. But in the main there is an understanding by the taxpayers and the navy that these are capabilities that we have that are critical to our economic and national security. And so in that sense we're engaged in the discussion about what is that you need to do, when do you need to do it, and how do you get from where we are to where we want to be. And so that's a debate really about what does the company ultimately look like 5 or 10 years from now. And that's kind of the way we've been approaching it. We care deeply about our programs and our people and our supporting role for the Navy in its missions. We will care just as deeply about that on January 5th, as we do on December the 5th whether the log goes into effect or not and the case that we're making now is the same case that we'll be making after this log goes into effect or doesn't go into effect. And so that's kind of the way we've been thinking about it. I think that we've, it's turned out that we're probably right about the prior year obligated funds being not part of this discussion. And so that served us well this year. It's kind of kept our workforce focused in on the work that we've got, and it's given us a chance to kind of breathe our way through this in a rationale, I'd say unemotional way.
Mike Petters: Doug, I'd say all of the above. I mean the fact is that when we go to sign a contract with the navy, we are -- both parties are certifying that the pricing that is there is actually achievable. And there is lots of data when we go to sign LPD-26; there is a lots of data about what that pricing ought to be. And so that's one part of it. But the other part of it is, we're good stewards of the taxpayer dollars here. These operating systems that we put in place are serving us very, very well. The leadership team that has been built and is executing the programs on the Golf Coast is doing a fine job and we're very proud of the work that we're doing and we're very optimistic about the targets that we set, and our ability to achieve our long-term objectives.
Mike Petters: Thank you. I just appreciate everybody joining us on the call this morning. As I said, I think today for us this is an historic day. We're initiating a dividend. We're initiating a stock buyback. In the history of the company today will be the day that we start with that and we're very, very excited about that. We said from the beginning that the number one objective over the next three years is to get those five ships delivered. We delivered another one this quarter that's exciting. We also took another one to acceptance trials just last week, and that's very exciting. And that would be three of the five ships by the end of this year will be out of the system. We are looking forward to next year and finishing that part of our process and then moving ahead and continuing to create more value for all of our stakeholders. So with that thanks for being with us today.
