Barbara A. Niland: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone on the call. Today, I will discuss key highlights from the first quarter and as a reminder, starting in January, our CMSD and AMSEC businesses were realigned under our Newport News segment and prior year results reflect this change. Moving to consolidated results shown on Page 4 of our presentation, we had a relatively straightforward quarter with modest sales growth and strong operating margin performance, which was primarily driven by risk retirement at Ingalls. Total revenues increased 2% for the quarter due to increased sales at Newport News. Total operating income was $159 million, up 67% over prior year, which was mainly driven by increased operating income at Ingalls and a favorable FAS/CAS Adjustment. Consistent with prior years, we were cash users in the first quarter. Cash used in operating activities was $214 million, bringing our quarter-end cash balance to $742 million. During the quarter, we made $39 million of our $123 million qualified pension contribution for 2014. We expect to contribute the remaining amount in the second quarter. Capital expenditures of $24 million were $6 million less than the same period last year. However, we continue to expect capital expenditures for the full year to be in the 3% of sales range. Under our share repurchase program, we purchased approximately 250,000 shares on a cost of $25 million. Before I get into segment results, I want to give a quick update on the Avondale restructuring proposal. We recently submitted an updated proposal to the navy, which included total restructuring cost of $284 million, up from the previous total cost of $256 million. The primary driver of the increase is the exclusion of potential recovery from the sale of assets in line with customer guidance. Now moving on to segment results on Page 5. Ingalls had slightly lower sales but significant operating income growth for the quarter. Sales were down less than 1% due to lower volume on LHA-6 and LPD-25. Operating margin was up 350 basis points over prior year quarter, primarily due to continued risk retirement on the NSC and LPD program. Turning to Page 6. Newport News first quarter sales increased 3.5%, primarily due to higher volume in aircraft carrier and the acquisition of Stoller which contributed approximately $25 million in Q1 revenue. Operating margin for the quarter was 9%, down 51 basis points from last year, mainly due to lower risk retirement on the BCF program and risk retirement on the execution contract for the Roosevelt RCOH, partially offset by risk retirement on Ford. Regarding 2014, we are still expecting interest expense to be roughly a $115 million, and our tax rate to be between 33% and 34%. With respect to deferred state taxes, we maintain our estimate at a $5 million benefit for 2014. However, note that our estimate of deferred state taxes can fluctuate due to timing of contract income for tax purposes. Finally, I want to briefly mention the new mortality tables released in January. Because the tables reflect the increased life expectancies, the general consensus is in that costs and liabilities will increase for FAS/CAS and cash. We do not expect this to have an impact on 2014 pension costs, and will provide most specific guidance for 2015 at the end of the year. That wraps up my remarks. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dwayne for Q&A.
Barbara A. Niland: Okay, sure. The resuming capital cost that we've incurred in everything would still be recoverable under restructuring. What would happen is we would contribute the assets into a -- potentially contribute the assets into the JV. Any assets that wouldn't go into that JV would also be recoverable under restructuring.
Barbara A. Niland: No, we don't give guidance on our cash unit. And part of it is because of the lumpiness, and I know you don't like that word, but a lot of it has to do with timing of collections at the end of the year. So if I gave you a pinpoint number and I miss collections by 1 day and I can be off $200 million on 1 day collection. So not going to provide that.
Barbara A. Niland: Sure, no problem. So, George, down at Ingalls, our contracts have retention clauses. So it's not performance related, it's just part of the contract. And depending on what ship, the retention clause calls for 1.5% to 7% of billings to be withheld on your contracts. So for example, LHA-6, the retentions on LHA-6 got to be about $200 million. And so until you deliver those ships, those high retentions aren't released yet. So you'll start seeing a little bit of that change, and in addition to that, you have some pressure related to Gulfport closure that you're not billing. And you have pressure related to issues from Katrina that we still haven't resolved, that we're not billing some of the rates. So those are the types of things that you're seeing. But the biggest drivers in the end are really just AR timing.
Barbara A. Niland: Yes, yes. But -- and it's constant pressure though because as the ships are maturing, those retentions increase. So part of shipbuilding.
Barbara A. Niland: Well, I think 2 things will happen, George, and I've said that before. As we resolve restructuring, as we resolve Gulfport, and we resolve Katrina issues, and I expect them to make significant progress by next year, that all that will come out of AR. And so you'll see a pickup there. So I've been saying that, I've said it last year, in 2015, you'll see some improvements there.
Barbara A. Niland: The only thing -- I mean we looked at it and we haven't come to our complete study with the actuaries and everything. I mean basically, if the mortality tables go up, your costs are going to go up, okay? I think that everybody's in a kind of panic stage that it's going to be a big number. It doesn't appear to be a huge number. But I think what happened was, with everybody looking at cash harmonization as this huge opportunity, it will eat a little bit into that, but it's not material.
Barbara A. Niland: Well, I think, part of the boat -- the work that's being done in Avondale, we use that as a bridge to continue looking at opportunities there and to help with the workload at Ingalls. So in terms of it going away, Ingalls will still have steady workload. There will be at tiny bit of pressure related to the Gulfport closure though.
Barbara A. Niland: Well, it's hard because the material and how we buy material. So if you want to go try to do a run rate, there are fluctuations based on material. I mean we long lead material funding and things like that. So if you're trying to go in and calculate the run rate, we're probably close, but it's -- again, it fluctuates.
Barbara A. Niland: Okay, I didn't say lack of ability. That's your words. So when we put that proposal together, the original proposal for $256 million, in there, we had assumed we were going to sell some assets, okay? So when -- during our customer negotiations and discussions on the proposal, they recommended that we look at the whole -- all of the assets and everything associated with the closure of Avondale, and then we would negotiate from there. So they didn't want us putting an estimate on asset sales. So that's what we agreed to do.
Barbara A. Niland: So I don't want to give away any strategy on that. But it would be very difficult for me to predict an end. When I think that we'll get in very deep discussions will be when we finish the units at Avondale and make a decision from there. I mean, it is both to our benefit and our customer's benefit to find a redeployment approach. We all make out better for that. So we're balancing that right now. And we're balancing that in this negotiation process.
C. Michael Petters: Well, I think what you'll see is that Ingalls will start to behave as everyone else in the industry from a financial perspective as the ships that we have mature and we get back to our blended rate of more than 9%. So it shouldn't be -- the 5 underperforming ships created an outlier situation for Ingalls there fore the last [indiscernible] it's good to be behind us. Now we need a little bit of time to get the newest contracts we have matured so that we're performing just like -- basically what everybody else in the industry does.
C. Michael Petters: Well, I mean, I think we talked to this before, Rob, and it's actually the 9 -- my view is that shipyards that are operating well, operate especially when you have multiple platforms and multiple maturities, basically operate somewhere north of 9% and less than 10%. I mean, that 9% to 10% band is kind of where you are. And our view is that, that will be in that -- will be kind of in that band with the right blend and the right maturities next year. And the idea, the hope would be that we'd be able to sustain that. We've got some challenges in terms of sustainment right now around our MFT program that we've been pretty vocal about. And so you see us being very vocal about pushing for a bridge between LPDs and LXRs and what's really driving that, first of all, is that's the most efficient way for the taxpayers to get the ships that they want to buy. But secondly, that's -- the effect of that is that, that creates a sustainment bridge for us and we're able to sustain the performance at Ingalls. And so...
C. Michael Petters: Well, it's starts to play out over next 3 -- probably the next 3 to 5 years. So it's a midterm issue for us, which is why we're on it right now.
C. Michael Petters: I'm -- you could argue that there's a bit of a hole right now because we're not really planning for -- we're doing a little bit of planning on the 73, but we're not really planning for an RCOH or the inactivation. We're kind of caught in between right now we'd really like to get on with it a little bit. So there's a little bit of a decline -- you probably can't see much of it, but there's a little bit of decline on the planning side right now. But this thing pushes out more than a year, and it starts to become a problem relative to how it effects the rates in the yards, as well as the volume in the yards. So I think this is a 12-month decision for us really for how we're going to proceed.
C. Michael Petters: Well, we're not going to comment on any of the activity. I would just say at this point that what we said before is that our aperture is wide open as we think about the capabilities that we have and how best to deploy those in a moderately risk -- moderate risk environment. So our balance cash flow strategy remains intact.
C. Michael Petters: Well, if you're thinking about quarterly margin profile about this business, you're not really looking at the business the right way. I mean, it's just -- we are not a quarter-to-quarter kind of business. We have products that take 4 to 8 years to build and we've a customer that puts out a 30-year plan. What we've said is that, wherever we are today, we're on track to get to something in the 9-plus percent range next year, and that's our path.
C. Michael Petters: Well, I think the first thing is, obviously, Kinder Morgan is a very credible partner to be working on this with. These are folks who have of a wide range of interest and capabilities. And so they clearly bring a very wide aperture to possibilities around that site. And we're open to that. And so the point of this is to actually try to turn over. As we said all along, we want to turn over every rock and see what we can find. Our effort to do that now is really with Kinder Morgan, and we'll see where it takes us over the next several months.
C. Michael Petters: Well, I think that on a sustainable basis, a shipyard that has many product lines and many maturities has a blended rate in the 9% to 10% range. And that's my experience for many, many years. And that's what the industry has told us and I think that that's where we've been trying -- Ingalls has been an outlier to that for many years and they're moving back into that range. And we're very proud of the work that they've done. We think that's what that businesses is capable of.
C. Michael Petters: Thanks, Doug. I'm not sure that there is a path at this point yet. I think that the best way to think about Ohio replacement program and the industry is that today, there is a submarine industrial base comprised of our friends at Electric Boat and the folks here at Newport News and all of the suppliers that are out there. Today, we are supporting the Virginia-class program. At some point in the future, that submarine industrial base will be supporting the Ohio replacement program and the Virginia-class program. And I think there's going to be a lot of discussion around how's the best way for the industrial base to do that in an efficient and effective way. And I don't think it's clear yet, whether you're talking about capital investment or technology investment or any of that. It's not quite clear yet how that's going to sort itself out. And so we remain committed to supporting these important programs and we'll see what the path -- how it plays out.
C. Michael Petters: Well, that's a great question. The -- 78 is a lead ship. And so we have moved -- now that the ship has launched and is here at our pier 3, we are moving in to the test program for all of the new technology that we put on to the ship. The ship has come together very well. I've said it before that it's, from a construction standpoint, it's the best lead ship I've seen ever come together. But now we have to go test it. And I think that while we have a lot of confidence about that, I think the proof is in the test. And so given that, I think that everybody kind of walks through a test program on a lead ship with a whole lot of awareness of where things can go. I think the challenge is that as you're -- when you think about the follow-on ship, the 79, I think everybody has been struggling with how do you go to a price-type contract on the second ship when you haven't gone all the way through the first ship. I think the navy was struggling with how to budget for that. I think we have worked our way through what we think the risk of the test program is on 78 and how we could accommodate that in a pricing package for the 79. But the decision that's been made is let's hold off and retire some more of that risk before we go to that final contract. Now doing that classically adds cost to the second contract and adds -- you're not able to cut everybody loose, you're not able to kind of turn the entire supply chain loose. The navy's worked with us very well to try to minimize that cost. And so that's why you've seen some pretty substantial incremental funding both from a supply chain and from a unit construction phase to try to minimize the effect of the delay in a pullout detail designing construction contract because I don't know that anybody's smart enough to know where the crossover is between the extra cost of delaying that contract and the risk retirement of -- that you get because you delayed it. I mean that's been the dance that we've been working through here for the last -- really for the last 18 months. And we're going to be working our way through that for the rest of this year. But given that, we're very confident about where we are on 78, and we're excited about the chance to move out and get moving on 79.
C. Michael Petters: Well, certainly the test program on 78 will have come through some of the bigger items in that program by the end of this year. And our ambition is that we would get to the detail, design and construction contract by the end of the year. I would say that's probably not carved in granite, but that's the plan. And I think that's the navy plan, that's our plan. And I think we have to see how the year unfolds to see whether that still makes sense or not.
C. Michael Petters: Well, I think that what we've said all along is that we're going to look for ways to achieve the full potential of this business. One of the things that we've come through since 2010 is that in 2010, we were part of Northrop Grumman. We announced that we were going to close Avondale, and we began a very detailed engagement with folks who could talk to us about the redeployment of that site and ways to go use it. We have a very mature risk management process and as of -- at this point, we still haven't found the right way to redeploy that. But in the course of that work, what we've come to understand is that we have a significant engineering capability that complements our pretty significant manufacturing capability, and the risk profiles of engagement in those areas are a little bit different. If we're able to engage in an area where our engineers can lead our manufacturers into that space, we think we can do okay with that. If we are trying to engage an area where our manufacturers are going to try to lead our engineers into that space, that can be real problem for us. And I think that in the history of navy-only shipyards trying to do commercial work, I think that's what you've seen is that the commercial business becomes a real challenge when the manufacturing side is leading the equation. It gets to be possible and achievable if the engineering side is leading the equation. So we're thinking really hard right now about how do we take better and fuller advantage of the engineering capability that we have to lead our manufacturing capability to achieve the full potential of the business. And I think you can think about Stoller as an example of that. Stoller is a company that has tremendous access to a couple of dozen DOE sites. We have tremendous depth of capability with no access. The marriage of Stoller to our engineering and technical support at Newport News creates potential for us in a space that we were not in before. We were there but we were not able to really break through. And so we're excited about that possibility. If we can find other opportunities in other spaces where we can do things like that, we will seriously consider it. And I think you see in our industry today, I think you see everybody wrestling with how do we create growth in an environment where the Pentagon is not advertising a lot of growth. Some folks are talking about international, we're not talking about international. Some folks are talking about commercializing and leading, we are cautious about that, but we do believe that there are some things that we can do and some customers that we can engage with that would enhance the value of this business. And so we're going to keep our eyes open for that moving forward.
C. Michael Petters: I think it just depends on the opportunity at this point. Again, we're interested in the access to the markets and bringing the depth of our capability towards that. Depending on a particular opportunity, we would then take a hard look at whether that capital investment made sense or not.
C. Michael Petters: No. This is just routine. After we deliver the ship to the navy, the navy will -- they actually -- the crew will work the ship, take ownership of it, if you will. And it's just -- it's kind of the normal course of business that -- we stay engaged with them because as they come on board the ship and they -- kind of like when you move into your new home and they find that something is not the way they would like to have it or they figure out something, we're right there to support it. But there is no issues along those lines. This is just a normal course of getting the ship ready to sail away.
C. Michael Petters: Well, I think the financial implications are less than the thickness of the pencil, so I wouldn't say there's any issue there. It has had an impact on us in terms of the way that we can -- we found this issue. We're working our way through all of the other places and risks pieces of our supply chain to make sure that, in a classic nuclear submarine way, you find the one problem so convince me that you don’t have the problem somewhere else, and we're doing that. So in that sense, it has had an effect but not in a financial or operating way.
C. Michael Petters: I think that the overall I think will go back to the original issue of we're trying to make sure we have some sustainable effort there around the amphibs. And so whatever fluctuations you might see quarter-to-quarter over the next couple of years, I think the big issues are going to be how do you bridge from the LPD-27 to the LXR and how is that going to work through in terms of the size of Ingalls and the scope of the work that they have on. And so I don't know if you want to add anymore to that, Barb, but I think that's kind of -- that's why that transition is so important to us.
C. Michael Petters: Well, I think trying to straight line that is fraught with some challenges, because you do buy lot of material on the front end of these contracts, and so that starts to -- that skews the program around a little bit.
C. Michael Petters: It's about the same time. It's a 6-month study. And so we don't have a direct linkage there and we're not going to force the study to finish early if it's not ready. But they're on 2 different paths, they just happen to be kind of coming -- probably come together about the same time.
C. Michael Petters: Well, you never say never. But I -- my -- I think it's most likely that once this production work is done, we'll be done.
C. Michael Petters: Yes. Or an approach. I mean I think it's -- that's why we don't want to try to prejudge what the outcome would be here, but the part of what we would see is a path to a market and then what's that path look like and play it out from there.
C. Michael Petters: Well, the political process of -- is a pretty convoluted one. We are generally overall pleased with the way that the HASC came through their mark. The process from here is a full contact sport through the end of the year. And so -- or through the end of the fiscal year. And so this, we'll continue to stay engaged in that at this point. I don't know that there's anybody who can actually handicap how any of the other committees are going to go forward. And so I think I'll join them and not try to do that.
C. Michael Petters: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us this morning. It was a great quarter. It's actually -- this now marks 3 full years as an independent company and the things we laid out at the beginning that we had to do. The delivery of LHA-6 is a major milestone in terms of moving down that road. We continue to look forward to achieving the full potential of this business, working on the programs that we have and moving ahead. So we look to see you around and I'll be talking to you soon. Thank you very much.
