Chris Kastner: Thanks Tom. In conclusion, I will wrap up on Slide 11 with the key tenants of our investment thesis. First we're focused on execution of our significant backlog, which provides meaningful earnings and cash flow. This coupled with our consistent long-term ship building growth profile and high growth opportunities in Mission Technologies positions us to deliver significant free cash flow and generate value for our employees, customers, and shareholders. Now I'll turn the call over to Christie for Q&A.
Chris Kastner: Yeah, that's a good question. This is Chris I'll start and then Tom can finish here. That was a bit of an acceleration in that milestone so we got some benefit in Q2, but labor, as I indicated previously is our greatest risk, what we're watching across the portfolio, in ship building, we've hired 2,000 to over to 5,000 commitment. Now, luckily we have leased labor and we have overtime and the good news there is people are actually working overtime now. Back in 2021 and after the pandemic started, it was really hard to get people to work overtime. So they started to come back and work overtime, which helps to offset it, but labor remains our large risk. So I'll kick it over to Tom.
Chris Kastner: Yeah, that's a great question. Obvious we're fortunate in that we have labor agreements for our own employees, but leased labor can be bit more expensive now they don't have the benefits. So you have to trade that off a bit. So what you do is you put estimates for what you think you're going to do in leased labor overtime in your EACs and that's been reflected in our margin profile. So I think it's a great question. You have to be mindful of that.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. So definitely some positive momentum, we're about halfway through. We like to say that it's a long process, positive momentum on LHA-10, acceleration LPD-33 and some really positive developments by the navy and the Marine Corps on establishing 31 amphibious, which provides some clarity from a planning standpoint. So yeah, positive momentum but we need to get through the process to completion. It solidifies the revenue profile that’s coupled with DDG 51, the 2023 multi-year that we're working on. All of that, all that activity within the 2023 budget really solidifies the Ingalls revenue profile moving forward.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. So it's over the last couple years, we do have a newer and greener workforce and we work very hard to train and get that workforce ready to be productive. So it's not new or unexpected for us. We've done it before. But it definitely is a greener workforce. That's why I mentioned the operating system in my script. It's very important that you kind of get into the fundamentals and make sure that all our ship builders are very productive. So, but you are correct. We do have a greener workforce today, but it's not unexpected. We've seen that for the last couple of years.
Chris Kastner: Yeah, So I'll start and I'll let Tom. In the pipeline within our presentation because we wanted to make sure everybody understood that there was a lot of opportunity in this space. It has started slow for the beginning of the year, but the wind of DMATS which will help backlog and then book-to-bill in Q3 and the win of the LVC contract with the air force, which really transition to legacy established program from the Navy established that over that end of the air force, which will allow us to sell to other services as well. It is a really good indicator that things are hopefully starting to break loose and really validates our strategy for the Alion acquisition. So we are seeing some things break loose. We're going to have to see how that translates into revenue. But I'll let Tom talk about how it's distributed by quarter.
Chris Kastner: Okay, great. Yes, so the VCS program, I would characterize that as stable from a scheduling standpoint and over the last few quarters, pretty stable from a EAC standpoint actually. There's always minor adjustments from quarter-to-quarter but I think some of the data you may be referencing is a bit dated as you know, we do quarterly EACs. We incorporate the risk in all of the ships and boats on a quarterly basis. So I'm pretty comfortable with where we are from an EAC standpoint on the VCS. I don't think anything is – any of us are comfortable relative to the how we performed historically on the program, we need to improve, right. I think the Newport News team is very motivated and dedicated to getting it right. They're making progress. There's some potential momentum within Block 4 which we ought to translate into Block 5. I think there's some upside in Block 5. So I think the team is very focused. I think they're working the operating system very well. We need to get back to two per year. We need to get these assets back to our customer because they need them. So I would consider it stable from a schedule standpoint and we need to continue to improve from a cost standpoint. And any details I'll send over to Tom here.
Chris Kastner: Yes, it is a little bit of unique for this quarter. That's a high number. The run range from Ingalls is usually lower than upper 6s and low 7s. I think just how all the map kind of like played out with the performance list. We talked about the economic adjustments that were allowed because of the clauses that we have in the contract. So you may just be a little high there, but generally speaking, we've talked about the maturity, the portfolio data at Ingalls, more our serial production and follow on ships down there. So their run rate is out in front of Newport News. And we generally say it's between 6% and 7%. So I'd leave you with that, George.
Chris Kastner: So just to be clear, the majority of what I talked about is in the plan and the forecast right now, those things could kick out, $25 million, $50 million, $75 million upside, the tiny aspect would be the COVID repay. So if I do not have to pay it at the end of this year that would be a pull forward from 2023 to now. But I believe by the time we have our Q3 call in November, I have complete clarity into that and I give you more visibility to that.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So Excel is progressing, right. We've delivered our first unit to Boeing really kind of a test unit. We're progressing through the other units, so it's going okay. I think normal, first of class issues that you have on a new program, on a development sort of program. So it's going okay.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So I think you may have seen in the press, we got the next contract for development there, kind of concept development working. I think the Navy's done some really smart things in this regard and with Bath and Ingalls working on the development of that program. I think the important thing on the DDG programs is to ensure we don't stop building DDG 51s prior to transitioning, getting the design correct on the next-generation destroyer. And I think that's a smart move. I think they're continuing with the design effort in both shipyards and we're continuing to build DDG 51. So I think it makes great sense right now.
Chris Kastner: Yes, it was awarded, it was not awarded to us. It was disappointing. We know how to build those ships. Coast Guard is a great customer. But we were not awarded that.
Chris Kastner: Not sure. I mean, they're just coming through this competition for the next block of those boats. So not sure at this point.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So interesting. Newport News is full, right. They've got a lot of the work to do. They're executing on it. And their legacy programs will continue over the medium to long-term actually, Ingalls is based on the pace of LHAs and LPDs, they're going to be in a very good place, but they have other opportunities. They have a DDG 1000 is down there now, and they're doing some combat system upgrades for that. And there's potential other DDG 1000 work that might be available. And then other repair sort of activity, but Ingalls is a pretty scrappy group. I wouldn't count them out and with the pace of LHAs and LPDs we've got a lot of time to figure that out.
Chris Kastner: Okay. Thank you for your interest in HII. We welcome your continued engagement and feedback. Please have a safe and great rest of summer. Thank you.
Tom Stiehle: Sure. Just additional comment on that front is we had a milestone that LPD-30 milestone that we referenced that was planned for Q3 that accelerated to Q2. So that's the timing event, Q2 was a good quarter for Ingalls overall. They had some DDG 121 post-delivery, clean up LPD-28 and LPD-29s, some additional risk retirements. And then on the large deck, we saw like a couple of dollars that popped into Q2 there. I still think on the back end, the reason why we haven't raised guidance is we don't have as many milestones. We do have DDG 123 in Q4 and there is the back half of the year to play out as Chris has, we're watching higher and how that impacts the portfolio here right now. And as the year unfolds and we continue to retire risk we'll provide additional guidance in that front.
Tom Stiehle: That's correct. You can see we're on a cadence here about $100 million, a quarter for 100 year. We'll continue to go do that in 2022, 2023 we pay down the two-year bond, 2023, the term loan gets paid off in completion in Q3 and you can see that. So we'll follow our capital allocation policy that we have. We'll continue to keep the yard up and running. We don't see any holes in the portfolio from an M&A perspective and barring that there's nothing ultra attractive in that timeframe. We'll continue to provide all excess free cash flow back to the shareholders. And basically that desk slug that I've talked about will just kind of transition into repos if we don't have anything better to do with cash.
Tom Stiehle: Yeah. Sure. So appreciate the question. It is volatile out there, both on the capital front, interest rates on the market front. Right now, there's a favorability for the higher discount rates, which is partially offset by the unfavorable returns on the assets. And it's hard to predict right now how that play-out by year end, but we do the re-measurement at the end of the year. But consistent with the prior years, we still will provide an update on our Q3 call for 2022 and then the outlook for 2023.
Tom Stiehle: Sure. Great, Seth. Yeah it's net of $68 million, it was 106 favorable, 38 unfavorable and on the net for $68 million, it was split between Ingalls, Newport News and Mission Technologies a ratio of 80:15:5, so 68 net 80:15:5.
Tom Stiehle: Yeah, sure. So just from a baseline perspective on this question, it was $590 million in the first quarter we had gotten about 5% on $620 million, we did stop in light here at $600 million, so we finished the year off just at under $1.2 million with a run rate at like $23.80 million against initial guidance of $2.6 billion, so that's background. Going forward we do think that we'll see for Q3 a run rate here of what we said the growth would be, which would be 7% to 9%. I don't know if you noticed enough, but in the PowerPoint briefing up front, we added Mission Technology slide and how we look at that business. Alion has a legacy process there, very robust on their pipeline and how they handle their work. Exploratory, $61 billion down to $27 billion on the Exploratory side, they break that down to which opportunities that they can qualify and capture. And then that goes into the evaluations it did. So we see that pipeline actually growing from the time that we picked them up last year. So that's a positive sign right now. As Chris said, we were impacted at the beginning of the year with the CRA and then just the general outflow of contracting and acquisitions have been a little bit slower than we thought. We have seen some awards that popped on here in the end of Q2 timeframe. And there's still additional opportunity that will happen on the back half of the year. So I'm still optimistic on the awards front. The other piece that holds us up there is, we do have more seats than we have heads right now. So like the shipyard, there's a hiring crunch there. The job market is tight, finding people with that type of background and tickets, so there's seats there we have unfilled and that brings in some variability on the sales outcome of the year. But we still have the $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion. We haven't let go of the top end, depending on a couple of awards, which the awards will really affect next year sales and this, and filling the seats that are unoccupied. We believe that we're still in the range there between $2.4 billion and $2.6 billion.
Tom Stiehle: Sure. Yes. I think when we took that charge back in Q2 of 2020, the preface of that was we had a list already with Columbia coming online, we saw that ramping up. And then getting to full two cadences launch and sell off a ship a year. There was already a list and a risk and a hiring ramp right there, obviously in 2020 after two quarters of that, it kind of midyear we saw with COVID impacting us. And then obviously, that continued without a prime into 2021. So there's been pressure on the program from what was the baseline of already being able to do two plus one between those two programs, hiring ramp with more junior people on board. And then that line that we've talked about in the past calls is very serial in nature, more than any of our other lines, each boat goes exactly through crew to crew. So if one boat in front of us gets impacted, it affects the line behind it, both the crews being able to cycle and then the schedule aspect of each boat. So I think when we took that look, see where we were in Q2 of 2020. We had a perspective of what was in the order was possible and how we could recover or we'll finish off the back end of Block 4 as that translates into Block 5. So I think as Chris says, we're relying on operating system, we're trying to stay to our manning plan that we have. We're doing lessons learned from boat to boat. We are seeing incremental improvement from operational where we were a quarter ago to now. So that's a positive sign right now. And as Chris says, we run a very rigorous EAC process and we look at our labor and material and overhead, a run-out, reevaluating our booking rates, the changes on that large. So you don't see them on the downside there, but we do have incremental changes from quarter-to-quarter here. So possible with where we're booking these ships right now.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. So astute question and you're putting pieces together out there, as we highlighted in the opening comments, we did say 300 to 350, we're holding that, that right now. I do feel comfortable that with the risk we've seen behind us and in front of us, we still have like five months of the year to play out. But right now, we do see although Q3 will be light just the way that year is playing out, Q2 and Q4 are going to be the cash flow quarters. But I do see we've been – the COVID repay is pushed to the back half of the year. And as I come through our planning process and I have the complete visibility in how the year is going to play out is the COVID repay either happening this year or next year, that's more of a timing play, the R&D amortization. You reference we'll see how that plays, but that could be the $100 million that we talk about as a down take this year could go away. And if the law changes, this seems like there's some traction and momentum to get attached to a bill at the back half of the year. That changes over. We could see the 100 million go away as we force out on a downside, and then it would validate the 3.2 billion over the five years. Cash from operations was very strong in Q2. We saw some nice pickups as far as older contracts, some service contracts we're able to get COVID costs that we had on our books included in our billing rates. So that was a pickup. And that's how Q2 kind of played out. When you think about Q4 on the back half of the year, I have 123 delivery. On the DDG side, I have a couple of supply capital incentives that play out LHA 8 billings, LHA 9 with the construction award helped clean up the long-lead contract that I have on there for cash. And then CVN 81 is going to be able to have progress payment billings as they work through kind of getting into Q4. We have some incentives on BCF and then Laurie Knowles kind of kick in that I'll use at the end of the year, too. So a good upside potential there, but I'm not ready to call that ball until I can get through our planning process.
