Mike Petters: I think you’ve already scratched that one of the things about the rhetoric and discussion and strategies and positions that everybody has out there is that none of this is a light switch that you just turn it on and you start building 350 ships this summer. Our view is that it’s going to take a few budget cycles even to start to align the programs up to do that. In order to get to those rates, they’re going to have to build, I believe they’ll need to continue to produce the ships that we’re already producing as oppose to go off on a whole new design program and design a new fleet. I think you’ll see mature programs get expanded. In the cases of particular programs that we’re involved with today, the capital investment that we’re making is in line with what we see in the current navy 30 year plan. If there were a significant expansion say in the submarine production or the carrier production or the destroyer production or the [Amphier] production, it would probably require more capital on our part to go and be able to meet that demand. I think though that I’ll stand by what I’ve said before. Our ability to meet that demand is - we’re a lot more faster than the government would be on this. We’ll be ready before they can get the money appropriated from the shipbuilder standpoint. From both Newport News and Ingalls perspective, we’ll be ready once we start to see the process begin to churn, we’ll have the workforce ready, we’ll have the facilities ready and we don’t see that as an issue for the buildup. We do though recognize that there are 5,000 suppliers that support our business, and making sure that they’ve been under a lot of strain over the 15 years. And if I thought there was a risk in the process, I think it’s probably in the supply chain. How do you get those folks to ramp up their production in order to support us? At the end of the day, if we don’t have the equipment from the suppliers to build on time, that ends up impacting the ship. So this would be a big buildup and it would require some pretty consistent messaging and some pretty consistent and persistent legislation over the next several years to actually achieve what you’re reading about right now. And so that’s kind of our view, although right now is that we’re very encouraged by the discussion. We think it’s better to have this discussion than not have it. There’s a lot of hard work to do. Number one, we’ve got to get through the FY’17 build, we’re in CR right now. Number two, we’ve got to figure out what the heck we’re going to do with sequestration and how that’s all going to work, and get that legislatively resolved. And then number three, the impact of ORP on shipbuilding in general. If you’re ramping up budgets maybe that problem that we’ve been talking about goes away. But until you do that, it’s still the number one issue out there. So that’s kind of our view of it.
Mike Petters: But frankly Doug that’s what we always do. I mean the ships that we have under construction are for the administration after next anyway. And so, we always watch that sort of thing and there are certainly some things that we could see happening right now that would be near-term that would make - actually would have real impact to the success of buildup. For instance, lets buy two aircraft carriers at a time instead of one. We’ve done that before. That is the most efficient way; frankly you could do even more than that. But buying them in bulk is, it works for the smaller ship program, lets’ do that for the carrier. The next multi-year for destroyers maybe, let’s go to three per year instead of two per year. The next time we start to go to a multi-year on submarines, lets change the production rate in that. Well when we start talking about those changes that’s well in advance of the actual building in the yard. That process is the preparation process. We get some pretty clear signaling on that. We are more than comfortable to go make those investments. Another immediate things that could happen is accelerate the LXR program. Now all of those things, you’re right, all of those things don’t result in ships that would be delivered in the next four years or so, but all of those things would be clear signals that we’re actually going to go and do this buildup and that it would be worth our while to go make the investment and bring the supply chain along with us.
Mike Petters: Sure. And I think they are still 9% to 10%. We’ve said from the beginning that shipbuilding business should operate in the range of 9% to 10%. If you’re at the top end of that range, you’ll probably have really mature programs that are performing very well, and if you’re at the bottom end of that range you’re probably doing startup programs or doing early design work. I think 2016 actually proves the point; the three ships that we delivered in 2016 were ships in mature programs. And I think going forward; particularly Newport News is in transition time. They’re going to be starting up programs on the Kennedy, starting up the refueling overhaul of George Washington, moving in to the next block of submarines, and starting up the ORP program. So you’re going to continue to see the transition at Newport News in particular, play out in terms of where they are going to be relative to our normal band. On the other hand, at Ingalls our effort right now is, let’s take advantage of those hot mature lines. If we’re really going to build up the fleet, let’s go accelerate the programs and make sure we keep the lines hot so that we can continue to be efficient for the navy.
Mike Petters: At Newport News, 787 delivers the submarines second or third quarter or mid-year 2017. And then DDG 114 and LPD 27 delivered out of Ingalls. But again the major risk retirement milestones are towards the end of the year.
Mike Petters: Well our approach - we’re very happy to have the kind of supply chain that we do. Like I said they’ve been under a lot of pressure. We evaluate that chain every day; we have lots of different ways to look at it in terms of where are the critical technology issue or the critical suppliers? What is their ability to support our demand? Does that affect the way we think about designing the ships? We do all of that sort of things. And I think beyond that, I don’t know that I want to say much more than there’d be case-by-case basis, where if we felt like there was a real need for us to step in and plot something up in some particular way, we might consider that. But in general, we want the suppliers to be healthy.
Mike Petters: This is something that Doug was talking about. If anything like that happened it would be after 2020. Our view right now, we can run all kinds of different permutations on it, but without being terribly specific, we’re going to watch the appropriation process and figure out what the real buildup rate is going to be. I’m confident that whatever buildup rate they decide to go to over whatever timeframe they want to go to, we’ll be able to make that investment in a timely way. I don’t see that as something that we would particularly make an investment in this year or next quarter.
Mike Petters: I think as George as we’ve talked about before. We’re in the early stages of Kennedy in terms of - we’re buying equipment and we’re doing early fabrication there. And so we just don’t want to get out in front of our headlights in terms of taking credit for risk retired on a contract. In order to get that ship to contract, we took up pretty significant but we believe achievable challenge in terms of the pricing, and so we’re just to be very - as we’re in all of our programs, we’re very thoughtful and conservative about the way we go in to these programs on the front-end. We’re also doing exactly the same thing in the start-up on the next block of submarines. We’re doing well in block 3, but we’re moving in to block 4, and so we will be very conservative on the front end of that. The challenge at Newport News is that their deliveries this year are all cost type contracts, with the exception of the submarine. But the Ford delivery, the Lincoln delivery and the Enterprise delivery are all cost type of contracts. And so while those deliveries are critically important to the operation of the business and great people are doing great things to make that happen down there. From the adjustment and financial standpoint, they are less consequential than say a delivery of a mature program out of especially the programs that are coming out of Ingalls right now. So that’s the - what you’re seeing here is you’re getting a real insight in to the blend that we’ve been talking about for the last six years. And right now Newport News is kind of holding the bottom half of the blend and Ingalls is holding the top half of the blend. That’s not unusual and that’s not to be not unexpected, but it does create, it just going to continue to create some pressure, particularly on the Newport News side of it. And as Chris pointed out, even the retirements we have at Ingalls are going to be in the second half of the year. So, that’s kind of the way the business and you guys are seeing a whole lot of it.
Mike Petters: Our overall strategy has been pretty clear that if and when we choose to do something to broaden our business, we’ll be looking at the balance sheet as a way to do that, because our commitment is to return substantially all the free cash. When we laid that out, we created some disciplined financial criteria that we would have to go through before we would actually do something like that in terms of how fast it needs to accretive and those kinds of things. Having said that, we continue to think about where the businesses are and where we need to be for the future and where do we think that our ray of customers is going to need for us to be in the future. And so we’re actually going to continue to keep thinking and looking and keep the aperture open for possibilities in that area for we got some pretty good filters on that to make sure that we do it the right way. So that’s our approach.
Mike Petters: Certainly the legislative process is something that we’re pretty keenly focused on in general. I think that in order to get to a supplemental you got to get through the ‘17 build of two. So all eyes are focused on getting through that; get out of the CR mode that we’re in, and get in to some of kind of regular order of sorts. So as we talked about before, the Newport News is kind of in the startup phase across broad range of their programs. Ingalls is in the mature phase of their programs. And what’s really important right now is that we continue to keep those production lines hot. So LPD 29 as a bridge to getting LXR funded and accelerated is a very important decision. The next NSC would also be crucial in that keeping the efficiency of that line that’s a very successful product line for both the coast guard and the company. And then getting the amphibs kind of locked down with the next LHA and the LXR program. I think those are all very important things too. What could happen in this supplemental though is really narrowly focused towards the NSC and the LPD. In terms of the fleet support side of the business, I mean we’re in that business today. We support the fleet all over the world. Our view is that as programs come along and as opportunities present themselves, we’re positioned to take advantage of that. If we see that areas where we are doing work are going to be expanded, we will be expanding. So that’s kind of our perspective on it. Kind of hard to say right now given a little bit of the fogginess in the crystal ball around the legislative activity in Washington.
Mike Petters: We actually look at that pretty much our investment. The challenge that you have when you have multiple programs in a facility is that most of the types of facilities that we build are multiple program kinds of facilities. And the way the budget process works and if the government decided it wanted to build the facility to support the building of a particular program, the funding for that would come out of that particular program. When the facility is going to be used for multiple program, it gets to be really hard for the government to do that kind of thing. And so from our standpoint, we look at all of this from the standpoint of those are investments that we will need to go make. But we also do them from the standpoint that its - they are multiple programs and they’re going to improve the efficiency and probably that the program will actually happen.
Mike Petters: I think it depends on how does it shake out. We are investing today for the 30 year plan, but our best guess is to have a 30 year plan is going to shake out. If there’s significant ramp up in that, we would probably have to go and make some additional investments incremental to what we’re doing now to be able to handle the throughput. But as we’ve talked about today, that throughput doesn’t show up until the middle of the next decade. So I think you just to take it program by program. And Chris is right, we do have great partnerships with the states and we have a great partnership with the navy. But in the end most of the investments that would have to be made would be ours.
Mike Petters: We see both of those programs in the first half of the year, given where they are now, and both of those teams are working pretty hard to get those ships ready to go to sea.
Mike Petters: No, not really. That’s why we put a commitment through 2020 George. We know there’s going to be times where we’re behind or ahead based on how the cash flow is distributed throughout those years. So it had nothing to do with Camber acquisition. It’s just how the plan was executed.
Mike Petters: Well thanks to everyone for joining us today on the call. 2016 was an outstanding year for HII, and certainly sets a high standard for years ahead. With that being said, I’m confident that our leadership team is up to the challenge as we see coming our way. Thanks for your interest in our company, and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Chris Kastner: I can also add that in 2017, the way that our programmatic milestones lineup, they are more towards the backend of the year, so the opportunity to retire risk and the opportunity for margin is towards the backend of the year and not towards the front end.
Chris Kastner: Nothing special going on there. We did deliver NSC 6 and did not get that receipt until subsequent or in 2017. So we delivered the ship and billed for it and haven’t received back in Q4.
Chris Kastner: Yeah, the non-recurring adjustments in the quarter were positive 89 and negative 32. Of the positive 89 million, it was roughly 70-30 Ingalls, Newport News and they split the negative adjustments. I would like to point out in Newport News there were two non-recurring items, the state grant for the apprentice school that we received in Q4 for $15 million and then $35 million through later through re-measuring our workers comp expense that Newport News booked in the quarter. So it’s not really a formal adjustment, but they are non-recurring items in the quarter that needs to be taken in to consideration.
Chris Kastner: That was re-measuring our workers comp expense with the discount rate increase. Towards the end of the year, you re-measure it and we receive that benefit. The large workers comp liability that we maintained down in Newport News.
Chris Kastner: This is Chris, Sam. Yeah, I think you can assume Newport News that’s a normal run rate. Again we’re not going give on 2017, but that’s a fair assumption. And then as we said in our release, we believe the TS segment is essentially a billion dollar business going forward at low single digit, starting out at low-single digit return on sales moving towards 5% to7% in 2020.
Chris Kastner: We’re watching 2018 and then the implementation of the new mortality tables, it’s unclear whether they’ll be implemented or not. This current contribution is consistent with our policy to be 90% funded on a pre-pension release basis. So it could provide some benefit when the new mortality tables are implemented. So we’re going to stay consistent with our policy of funding it to 90% on a pre-pension release basis. We think it’s a right thing for the employees and we’ve been fairly consistent in that regard.
Chris Kastner: Well we haven’t disclosed that amount. So, I’m not really comfortable providing that. We’re entering in to a formal stage with the Navy. While we’d like to get to a resolution on the matter at the end of the quarter, I believe we’re probably going to have to appeal to the contracting officer decision and proceed. But I’m really not comfortable. You know it’s a $273 million issue or $275 million of cost that have flown through our balance sheet. So we haven’t provided the actual P&L impact.
Chris Kastner: The first step will be to appeal at the end of the quarter and then it gets in the court system. I don’t’ have that information with me relative to the specific dates, but it could take a significant amount of time for resolution of the matter.
Chris Kastner: Yeah, 2017 is projection of 30% to 32%. Yes we obviously benefit from a tax rate change as everyone else would.
Chris Kastner: Good question Rob. We had a positive year in cash in 2016. There are a couple of items, you mentioned pension and also capital that are headwinds to meeting that number. We’re going to do all we can from a working capital standpoint to offset that because I have a personal goal to get to 1.0 cash conversion every year, and so we just have to offset those headwinds.
Chris Kastner: We’re going to do our best. Cash is lumpy, as we continue to say we have large invoices and a small amount of programs that can fall over a year. That’s why we really don’t like to give cash guidance. But you identified a proper headwinds and probably the proper amount that we’re going to try to offset.
Chris Kastner: I might add that the State of Mississippi and the State of Virginia are excellent partners with us in assisting us in capital investments. They’ve helped us previously and that’s a potential as well in the future.
Chris Kastner: Really just a rule of thumb that I have that I think you should always try to get to 1.0 cash conversion. I think the previous conversation was correct. There are two items of headwinds that amount to between $130 million to $150 million compared to 2016 that we’re going to try to offset.
Chris Kastner: Yeah, we don’t have a specific number in 2017. But we remain firm in our commitment that we’re going to return substantially all by 2020.
