Chris Kastner: Yes, okay. Robert, I'll start with the budget, the '23 budget request and then Tom can talk about Mission Technologies margins. One thing we should always remember with the budgetary process, this is the first step of the process. So we all work through that throughout the year, all our major ship building programs were supported the one line we do have to work on is the NCIB line as you identified. We need to get LPD 32 under contracts. We need to get LHA 9 under contract. We need to work on LPD 33 and ensure that we support the Marines and the Navy and the Congress really in analyzing that program going forward. So you're right, we do need to work on the NCIB line but I'm positive as we work through this process that will get to a solution that that makes a lot of sense. From a long-term big picture perspective, I think that the budget really does support our long-term growth rate, and I'm comfortable with the 3%.
Chris Kastner: Yes, I think it's pretty flat. They're coming through the submarine kind of maintenance schedule and how they're going to proceed with LA class and Virginia-class submarines from maintenance standpoint, but we think it's pretty, pretty flat from our perspective. Lots going to go into how they execute the sign up, but we think it's pretty flat.
Chris Kastner: Sure Seth. Thanks. January and February were tough on really impacted our attendance. But in March attendance recovered and we're back to tenants levels that we're used to seeing within both of our shipyards. We've hired over 1,000 people through the end of March. We need to hire over 5,000, so a bit behind, but we're really focused on our relationships with our apprentice schools and high schools, community colleges and we expect that to ramp over the summer months graduations happened. So it's definitely a watch item. We need to, we need to hire, we need to train and we need to be productive. So still comfortable with our guidance but labor is a watch item for us as we move through the year.
Chris Kastner: Yes, when they come out of the apprentice schools they're ready to go and if they can come out of the community colleges and the high schools where we have programs in place where there, they're learning. They're going to fill a critical role within the shipyard. Now they're not going to be first-class shipbuilders right away, but they're going to be learning, they're going to be making progress on executing, its all incumbent on our shipbuilding teams to make sure they're trained up and they've got the right mentorship and we did have very well. So yes, they're not going to be first class the shipbuilders coming out of the out of the gate, but we expect them to contribute.
Chris Kastner: Yes, Doug. It's a good question and I appreciate it. Remember the issues we had previously we were in the heart of COVID right and we had a significant outs and significant labor issues with the Newport News, which drove, which drove a lot of that but what we're seeing now is it's interesting we talk about serial production line, but the VCS program is really a production line. And when you miss you miss schedule, there's a knock-on effect. So, as you know, we missed a couple of schedules at the end of the year that drifted into Q1. We've accomplished those and it's really had an impact on the future shifts and so we had to deal with that in the quarter, we reassessed our risk and you see the results in Q1. That being said, there is some stability in that workforce. Now the tendency has recovered. We're a bit short of our hiring plans, but it's not like what happened during COVID. The team is very focused on meeting their interim milestones working that offers operating system very diligently. I got a lot of confidence that there is actually some upside as we move through the next couple of years on the VCS program.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So we've, we've assessed RACs in the risk on not only block four but block five boats and reset the GACS based upon how we, how we project them to perform over the life of both of those block. So we don't necessarily give margin guidance at a program level, but I do see after resetting that risk on block five going forward there is potential for upside if we're able to meet our milestones.
Chris Kastner: Yes, 79 were absolutely making progress on that ship from we're heavily into the volume part of that ship, completing compartments. If you walk through the, you walk through the base and that ship right now, you see a lot of installation of paint, which is a good place to be. When you think about an aircraft carrier attacking that volume and then starting to test program. I don't know specifically about the math around the, around the progress Christy yield fill you in, in that after the call. But they're very dedicated and making progress, really on a weekly basis on the aircraft carrier.
Chris Kastner: I'd also add that if there is EPA protection, it's an increase in sales without the resultant impact on margin. So that does provide us additional protection and that's in our EAC process as well every quarter.
Chris Kastner: Yes, that's a really good question, we think about it a lot. Unmanned we've sold internationally, about 30% of our unmanned sales have historically been international to NATO countries in nature. And then you think about ISR surveillance, big data platforms, cyber, Intel, all of that as part of mission technologies get some traction internationally. So we work on that, we're very tactical in how we do that we make sure of the opportunity is valid but all those are opportunities in Europe and actually any NATO country actually.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So interesting readiness and modernization in MT is very interesting tools related to big data and data analytics that absolutely support that. So it definitely helps provide tools and access for our customer to improve their readiness. So I actually, thank you for that question. It's very interesting thing we're working on with our customer. It's all upside. Right, but it will just give our customer additional capabilities. So, thanks for that.
Chris Kastner: No, I think unmanned can happen very quickly, the award of small is very important provides us additional opportunity to sell that internationally. The other stuff, we'll just have to see, but I don't see a short-term sort of upside related to it.
Chris Kastner: Yes, we're still working on it. I think you saw in the three budget additional funding allocated to capital and support of infrastructure in the supply base, we're in discussions with the Navy on that now. And we'll just, we'll just continue to discuss that with them in order to make the investments to support their critical the critical program.
Chris Kastner: Thank you again for joining us on today's call and your interest in HII is appreciated. We welcome your continued engagement and feedback. We'll see you out there.
Tom Stiehle: Sure, Rob, and I'll pick up the question on MT from a margin perspective, 1.5%. So we got guided 1%. So it's higher than the guidance that's coming up 2.7% last year, 2.7% last year for Q1 and 2.9% for a quarter ago in Q4. I would tell you that because of the purchase intangibles both with empty about $30 million in line specifically for 24 net return on sales metric is not, probably a good lead indicator as far as where we want to land that's why we kind of give you the EBITDA perspective from 8% to 8.5%. The quarter herewith was 7.3%, not unexpected, because we guided you from a gross perspective only at 1%. We take with the CRM or sales light and obviously the margin will follow the sales, so we're comfortable with where we stand and from a perspective of where we could go, we've told you for the year is 8% to 8.5% from an EBITDA perspective as a percent of revenue and from now going through 2024 we've highlighted that it's more appropriate to think about 8% to 10%is is a range at where MT can land. All right.
Tom Stiehle: So I'll take the 73one on the back of that. So right now we're still bringing that ship and trying to target for yearend completion through the EAC process. We are evaluating some risks to the schedule on that, that wasn't incorporate into the Q1 EAC share.
Tom Stiehle: Sure. It's Tom here. Good morning. Yes. So from an inflation perspective break, I know your question is focused on the existing contracts and how that it, I'll hit that but also now we're watching inflation as it applies to our new bids so it's like a two-part answer here but, from the mechanics that we have on how that fits as we spoke about this other earnings calls. And it really starts with our understanding of what we're buying, and how we contract for with these contracts being anywhere from 48 years long. Long-lead contracts upfront with an understanding of the material and the bill of materials. We have a very disciplined and dedicated process to make sure that we have live quotes and bids. And we go hand in glove making sure the quotes have the procurement side and ourselves locked into the contract value from a starting standpoint. So while we have a clear understanding of what we buy and at the onset of these contracts. We have a good bid from our suppliers. We do run into, from time to time as we move forward, we have the contracts awarded things purchased after that and on up commodity buys and we did see increases from time to time on raw materials and commodities. I will tell you that when we have a long lead phase of the contract, it operates almost like a cost-type contract and rolling those actions into the construction. The eventuality of the construction awarded that bit, so that's helpful. Another piece of that is when you look at, you'll see in queue, we have braked out across the three divisions. The percentage of cost type versus fixed-price contracts but from an high from entirely perspective, it's about 50-48 fixed price and cost. So this recruitment there are in the contract type. Mission Technologies has got the 90% cost price and Newport needed 50, 50. So that helps that. Several of our contracts do have EPA policies, which had a, recognizes things that we don't put on contract immediately. We have that risk covered with our bids within the estimated cost from bids that we see at the time of award. And the actual cost that we pay it can get adjusted depending on a inflationary industry. So that helps us on that side as well. Even our flexibly FX, flexibly price contracts there is a share on that. So we work ourselves through that as well. So I think the toolset that we have on how we manage our existing contracts as well as the change management process when we take on new orders to make sure that we maintain the equity of those contracts, keeps us in a relatively safe space. The last one I'd add to you too is a large majority of the cost of our existing contracts is on the labor side and we come through our union agreements, a four year down at Ingalls and a five year here at Newport News. So we understand those costs and there is a schedule of increases and we use that when we put things on contract. So I think overall it's a well-founded process and how we handle it and plays well against these inflationary times. On the new bids, I'll tell you that we're very, we are seeing on new bids price increases along the lead times and we're seeing higher costs kind of year-over-year but we ensure that we follow that same dedicated process of getting live quotes. Our customer sets are understanding of that, I mean, there may they're saying inflationary pressures across the industry and we bring that cost and pricing data for evaluation and make sure that we strike a reasonable risk balance here for inflation against the new awards.
Tom Stiehle: The back-end of your question. So with all that as the backdrop the mechanics of that obviously we go through our disciplined quarterly EAC process, I mean, we're getting a cost weekly a multi-program to do and then obviously our quarterly EAC process, so we can see how the material is trending both against the existing orders that we have and material requirements in any proper requirements. We'll evaluate that whether the EAC is improving or were degrading and-or the associated risks that we thought were going to be retired for the quarter and the rest of the remaining scope on those contracts that will get incorporated into EAC, if there is an increase obviously there'll be an increase in costs will run that for our, profit tables and it all revise the booking rate accordingly. So all that gets factored in by ship by ship across the program and then it kind of rolls up into our adjustments that you see here. I guess the portfolio.
Tom Stiehle: Sure, David. Yes. So it was 10%. So, and that's just upfront is just the timing on the, on the working capital that we have. It's both the timing on the receipts for the accounts receivable and the collections, the payments for the accounts payable. We anticipated it would be high on the front end here right now, a little bit of a draw, as we talked about these milestones of kind of just stretch a little bit on the VCS program. And as we work through the back half of the year, I see that that coming down. We will finish the 2020 year at higher than we were in 2021, but then it's to come back and break our way into 2023.
Tom Stiehle: So we don't give guidance specifically on that, but we are talking about a normal range, our expectations is that 6% to 8%. This 10% is heart of deliberate higher on that range, but not unexpected. We saw in the quarter playing out and then the impact that that we've discussed here. I would tell you that would get back more into that range and into '23. 2023 is a help on cash. And then for '24 about neutral. 2023 and 2024, we've talked about more ship milestones and deliveries in the out years and that's helps to facilitate that working capital coming down from 10% and be more to that 6% to 8% range.
Tom Stiehle: Sure. Yes, on the net EAC George was were $45 million and the split of that was 90% Ingalls and 10% Mission Technologies.
Tom Stiehle: You will see that for a $17 million adjustment. Yes. And also, it was a clean DDG-50 or delivery that we had in Q1 we usually get after both deliveries in the following quarter. We'll do a hot wash. The remaining work and this sometimes some profitability. It will happen in the next quarter. So that's been pulled into this quarter too, that kind of factored in in somewhat opening remarks of the 7% shipbuilding expectation in Q2 as we pull that margin into the Q1 time frame.
Tom Stiehle: All right. So we have several milestones on the back half of the year as we continue through the construction process on the LPD program. Milestones that we have know shifts and as we bring people back on board sales will rise with a margin perspective in this some efficiency gains on that. So we still feel comfortable with the 8.1%. We kind of highlighted at the beginning on the February call that it would be right upfront and both the sales and the margin will come in on the back half of the year.
David Strauss: Good morning. Hey Chris. So I think it was on the last call you talked about the discussions with the Navy in terms of additional investment in the shipyards, and how that was potentially going to be split and what it meant potentially for the expected CapEx drawdown. Can you just update us on where things stand there.
David Strauss: Okay. And Tom, on the, on the working capital side, I think networking capital represents sales that you guys calculate was around 10% this quarter. I think that's the highest we've seen in a while even kind of adjusting for typical seasonality. Can you just talk about the working capital trend through the course of this year and again kind of what you're baking into that free cash flow forecast for '23 and '24 from a working capital perspective. Thanks.
David Strauss: Okay. What are you targeting from a net working capital as a percent of sales in '23 and '24 specifically.
George Shapiro: Yes, Tom I was wondering if you could just provide what the EA's net EACs were in the quarter by division.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then, you had said that the LPD 28 was a major help in the quarter. Is that a singled out number in the queue or no.
George Shapiro: Yes. And then if the second quarter is 7%, it would imply that the third and the fourth quarter has got to average at least as good as the first quarter, if not a little better. So if you had this one-time major benefit in the first quarter, what is the benefits you get in the Q3 or Q4 to get that margin better than 8.3% to have the year at 8% to 8.1%.
