Mike Petters: Sure. So I think as we – as you’re reading in the papers all the time, I think there was authorization for some relief for COVID impact that legislatively that the Pentagon has authorization for, but it was never funded. And so there is a debate right now about, how do you get that funded? And that speaks to stuff that you could say was 100% related to the virus, the – whether it was new cleaning stations or quarantines or things like that. What’s behind that, though, is any sort of follow-on delay in disruption. Our customers have told us that they want to cover that. They want to find a way to cover that. It’s not really clear to us right now how that’s going to play itself out. There’s legislative work going on. There’s work with the customer going on. But our basic assumption for our report today is that while we think that there’s a possibility that could happen, and we’re pursuing all the angles, our basic assumption is we’re assuming that’s not in the numbers yet. And so that’s definitely an effect for us. Secondly, Carter, you know us pretty well. Whenever something doesn’t quite go right, our first inclination is to say, hey, that’s on us. We didn’t manage that right. We didn’t have the right qualified person or we didn’t have the right instruction. I mean, getting the quality and the qualified person and the sequence right and getting the instruction right, we start in with a very clear eye view, say, hey, look, that’s on us. We did not get that. That inefficiency was our issue. And we had some of that here in this quarter. But you don’t have to scratch very far behind those things. And we have those every quarter, but you don’t have to scratch very far behind those things that either there was a direct or indirect or direct impact of COVID or an indirect impact of COVID or we just don’t have the degrees of freedom that we need to be able to recover from that inefficiency because of COVID. And so the challenge is we can isolate costs in our business that are 100% COVID related, but when you move to the rest of it and say, we have inefficiencies in the program performance, to try to separate out how much of that is, this is because we didn’t have the right person at the right time, and this is because we had impact from virus, it becomes really hard to separate all of that. And that’s why we reported it the way we did.
Mike Petters: I’m going to suggest, Doug – that’s a hard question. I’m going to suggest that that’s probably a little bit more related to the uniqueness of Newport News shipbuilding. Newport News has got a wide assortment of different products and different conditions of those ships. And at the beginning of this process, working with the Navy to try to make sure we prioritize deployable ships and then unit deliveries, that starts to move around the priorities in the business a little bit. And so that’s – when you think about deployable assets, you’re thinking about the submarine repair work that we’re doing. You’re thinking about the RCOH that we’re doing. We’re supporting the Ford at sea right now with weapons elevator work. We’re supporting – we’re, frankly, supporting naval shipyard work around the country in some – with some key skills. What happens is that you start – when you’re at less than full attendance, you start moving people from one area to another and you start trying to make sure that you are focused on getting the right skills on to the right place. And so I think that’s unique to Newport News. I think that dealing with commission ships and deployable assets is a unique challenge for them in this environment. Having said that, I would say that the focus on near-term milestones across the business has been pretty good. It’s the tail and the opportunity to recover in the tail that is the challenge. So I don’t know, Chris, if you want to add anything to that.
Mike Petters: And let me just add. I think that in general, the trajectory at Newport News today compared to what it was four months ago is going to be a little bit – it’s going to take a little bit longer to get there. And I think it’s two parts of it. One is, how is Block IV going to play itself out? Two is we haven’t negotiated the single phase delivery on 79 yet. And as Chris mentioned in his remarks, that’s going to push milestones that we were looking at for this year and the beginning of next year, it’s going to push those milestones out. So the trajectory is going to be a little bit flatter, but my overall view of what’s going to happen in Newport News is they’re going to hit home runs. It’s just going to take them a little bit longer to get there because of the kind of work mix they have right now.
Mike Petters: I think that’s a really good question. And it’s certainly a topic of conversation that we have with the customer. I would suggest we probably have that conversation with them weekly, if not daily. The other side of that, Myles, and I’m just going to tell you how the conversation goes, is that the other side of it is it’s – there’s $45 billion of backlog. And there’s revenue for this business that we can see into the next decade. And so there is a lower risk around the stuff that’s under contract and the other stuff that they’re working. So this is all part of the contract negotiations. And I’m not sure that we actually had pandemic in our risk registers when we entered our last round of contract negotiations. It will certainly influence the way that we think about negotiations going forward, but it is a bit of the conversation.
Mike Petters: Well, I’ll start, Rob, and then Chris can chime in and correct me. I’m going to take you back and remind you from the very beginning that the capital investment that we made was a generational capital investment. We described it that way from the very beginning. We actually started down the path and said, this is not going to create new sales and, it’s not going to necessarily improve any current program performance. It’s going to be a generational reset of how the business is going to be operating for the next 25 to maybe even 50 years. What happened is that as we made that investment, they created confidence in our customer that they could – as they saw requirements for more ships, they basically came back and said, we need to go buy more ships. And so the last three years, the order book has filled up. Where we are today is that we’re on the back end of the capital investment, and we have a backlog that is historically high. I wish I could say I was smart enough to say that investing in that capital was going to create that backlog. I was not that smart, but it sure worked out. Now we have recapitalized facilities, and we have – the investment we’ve made in workforce sets us up to go execute the backlog. The returns that we’re seeing here so far, I’d say that jury is still out. Quite frankly, the – we’ve had to reset the workforce over the last five years. We’re on the front end of several major – with the backlog, we’re on the front end of several major big programs. We have three carriers under contract for construction right now. It’s been 30 years since we’ve had that situation in Newport News. Ingalls continues to compete successfully in the destroyer program and the Navy continues to move forward with amphibious programs, and then the Coast Guard program seem – goes very well. And the investment that we’ve made in the shipyard of the future in Pascagoula has been very effective in driving efficiency into the programs. So I think that – I’d say that the jury’s still out on the returns, but I’m excited about where we’re going to go because I do think that kind of narrowly around COVID first, we had about 10 days from the time we stood up our crisis team until we had our first case. We absolutely did not have mature set of protocols when we started. And we started down the path trying stuff. And some stuff worked and some stuff didn’t work, and we backed out of things and we tried new stuff. But let me give you a sense of where we are today. Today, we are – we’ve had as many cases in our business in the last 2.5 weeks as we had in all of the time before that. And yet we’re operating in a very sustainable way with a mature set of protocols that’s allowing us now to be able to predict the business going forward. And beyond that, we have a workforce that’s been through this particular event as a common behavior that will be a unifying then or catalyst for them for the remainder of their careers. And I think that now they’re moving into, and we’ve even seen their ingenuity to take advantage of the capital investment, take advantage of the technology investment and accelerate the opportunity to do better on that. So it’s been a rough three months, but, man, we have learned a lot, and we’ve accelerated a lot of opportunity here to transform the business. And I’m very excited about that. I’m really interested and really, really excited to be leading a chance to go after those returns that you’re talking about on capital. And I hope Chris…
Mike Petters: Yes. Why not? I mean I think it’s actually – could be, yes, 9% to 10%. The question is, when are you going to get there? And that’s going to be driven by some of the contracting things that we’re doing around 79 and the activity around CARES Act and that sort of thing, but it’s also going to be driven by, how do we come through the pandemic and accelerate out the other side of it? Whatever the other side of it is. But yes, it’s definitely a 9% to 10% business.
Mike Petters: It’s a show-me story, Ron. I mean, our view of it is that we know we’ve got to go do. We’ve built the team to go do it. We’ve made the investments we need to make, go do it. It’s going to be just the rhythm of actually executing over and over again. I’ve been through this before. I haven’t had – I haven’t been through the pandemic before, but I think I mentioned in my remarks, coming on the back end of Katrina, where, when we started at Katrina, we did not have really the cohesive workforce that we have today across the business. And in fact, I used to say that at the beginning of 2008 in Katrina, we had the youngest workforce in the industry at Ingalls, and in three years, they delivered 10 ships. And three years later, they were still the youngest workforce at Ingalls, but they had been the – they were the most experienced workforce in the industry, and that has served them very well over the last decade. I think that’s where – I thought that’s where Newport News was anyway before the pandemic. And what I see in the pandemic is this young workforce is accelerating the transformation of the business. I can’t tell you anymore than you got to – we put milestones out there. We’re going to go achieve those milestones, and you’re going to track the performance. That’s probably the best thing I could say.
Mike Petters: No, no. And so we don’t give ship margins by division, but we’re between 7% and 8% for the last Q3 and Q4 for the balance of the year in shipbuilding, consistent with how we guided for shipbuilding for the year.
Mike Petters: Yes. So we wanted to provide you an anchor for next year. So she could do your modeling, as I just told George. We’re coming through that single-phase delivery on 79 and we will adjust our plans based upon that final negotiated settlement and the schedules that result from it. So right now, the best outlook we have is what I provided in my script and what I provided in the outlook. If that changes, I’ll definitely let you all know.
Mike Petters: And we do it every quarter. And the review at the end of first quarter did not indicate that there was an issue.
Mike Petters: I think it’s – I don’t remember the specific comment. I would say that we know a lot more about it today than we did at the end of April, beginning of May when we had that call. I do think that we said we were going to be working near-term milestones, given the attendance. We’re going to be working near-term milestones at the expense of long-term ones. And we thought our suppliers were going to be doing the same thing. And so we’re kind of working our way through that now. But I’ll go back to – where we stand today, we have a pretty predictable, sustainable understanding of the effort that we have and the protocols we have in place. And so we can now start to predict how the business is going to go forward. I would not tell you that we’re going to make up all the milestones from Q2 by the end of the year. I don’t think that’s going to happen. And some of those things may take quite a bit longer to make up. So we’ll have to just see.
Mike Petters: It’s all Block IV. We’re very comfortable with where we are in Block V right now. We just started that program, and we’re very conservative when we start off a block.
Mike Petters: Yes. So we’re – we completed the Hydroid acquisition after all of this started. And we just made an investment in Sea Machines for some autonomy in the unmanned space. We’re very comfortable with where we are in unmanned and where we need to go, and we have a view as to how to proceed there. And so the market is really the issue in terms of how things are getting valued today. But that’s kind of – it’s just the environment we’re in. On the DOE side, the energy side, it’s the same thing. I mentioned that we are – we continue to increase our presence as a prime to the Department of Energy. We continue to increase our presence across all of the DOE sites. And so we’re – we have line of sight there on things that our customers are looking for and capabilities that they need and we have thoughts as to how to go and provide that in the remaining piece, the government services piece. I think where we have to go there is because that’s where valuations are really kind of hard to pin down. I think we have to go there is, a, demonstrate that we can execute in that business; and then, b, understand the niches in that business where specific capabilities will make a big difference for our customers and proceed down that path. So that’s the way we’re thinking about it. We’re not changing that. We’re maybe refining it a little bit, given the current environment that we’re in, but we remain committed to it. One of the things that we have – we are kind of living the dream on right now is that we are in a place where we are very heavily centered on manufacturing. The nonmanufacturing part of our business, the services part of our business actually did pretty well and is doing okay during this pandemic. So the challenges that we’ve had in manufacturing haven’t really replicated to any extent on the services side, and that just validates our idea that we have to continue to try to diversify the business.
Mike Petters: Well, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I hope that you and your families continue to stay safe and healthy. And as always, we do appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again real soon. Thank you.
Chris Kastner: Well, I’ll start. But for the – thanks, Doug. For the total business, we thought it was important to get some 2021 information out to you all. We’re still coming through our plans for the future years. I’ll give a comprehensive analysis of 2021 and how we see shipbuilding margins evolving, but I only see it improving from the numbers that we gave you for 2021 as we move into future periods.
Chris Kastner: Yes. Well, no doubt, the $61 million is discretely identified as delay and disruption that we estimated against our programs. So it’s very difficult to estimate the impact on the balance of the negative adjustments. No doubt it is included in there, but it’s just very difficult to estimate it at this point.
Chris Kastner: Yes. Okay, Jon. This is Chris. I think it’s – there’s a lot of moving parts in cash right now. We have line of sight on 2020 where we’re comfortable with a bit over $500 million. But with the CARES Act and shipbuilding schedules moving a bit, the single phase delivery, I think it’s a bit early to talk about 2021 and beyond from a free cash standpoint. We’ll give you a comprehensive look at that at year-end in February.
Chris Kastner: Sure. CARES Act, obviously, is timing, timing-related capital, and pension seem to be very consistent. Working capital will move between the years, but I don’t see much impact there. And then obviously, less profitability this year and next will impact us a bit. But that’s really the moving parts at this point. So to give you a good timing and a cumulative number, I’ll just wait until the end of the year.
Chris Kastner: Yes. And I’ll add, Rob, we use all the appropriate measures to measure capital or capital deployment decisions, but I’d also point to some investments we’ve made over the first part of the year in the unmanned space in Hydroid and Sea Machines. These are very important to the future of the Navy and the future to HII. So we’re very – we’re pleased with those investments, and those are the type of investments we’re looking for in the future.
Chris Kastner: Yes, Ron, that’s a good question. This is Chris. So specifically on the VCS program, the story is going to be told by 794 and 796. So the float off of 794 over the back half of the year here and then pressure hole complete at the beginning of next year. Those are the next major milestones on those boats. And we’re going to provide you information on every quarterly release until we get those done to give you progress against those.
Chris Kastner: It’s simply projecting the schedules for the ships out into next year. We wanted to provide an anchor out there for you all to do your modeling. We’ll provide an update to that at the year end.
Chris Kastner: Yes, that’s a hard answer, Gautam, hard question and a difficult one to answer. I will tell you that it’s very disciplined process we use every quarter to assess our EACs. And as Mike indicated in his script, when we came through the VCS EAC, it just became apparent that we needed to reset our risk registers and reset our expectations for that program. So it’s kind of a challenging answer relative to the way you asked the question. But this adjustment in this quarter is a product of an EAC process that’s very disciplined and that we need to follow on a quarterly basis and similar to what we use on all of our shipbuilding programs.
Chris Kastner: Yes. As I said previously, we need to come through our planning process prior to updating that. But essential factors that made up that guidance haven’t changed the backlogs there. Profitability, it will take longer to get to 9%, as Mike indicated. Capital is the same. Pension is the same at this point, and we’ll provide updates if we need to. But yes, there’s no reason to change it at this point, and I’ll provide a comprehensive update at the end of the year.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So CARES Act absolutely helps us with the deferral of the payroll tax. That’s a positive. The Navy customer has – have done an outstanding job of ensuring that we get paid through this entire process. So we’ve been paid on time, and we’ve been making our milestones, right? We deliver 119, delivered 62, been making most of our milestones. So pretty comfortable with where we are from a cash flow standpoint this year.
Chris Kastner: Well, we have to come through the negotiation of CVN-79 to determine what that impact will ultimately be. And I hate to be a broken record, but there are a lot of moving parts right now. And while we’re confident we’re going to get there, we just need to finish our planning process before we can give you a better guide at this time.
