C. Michael Petters: Well, it's -- I mean, let's step back and recognize that whether the ship is refueled or inactivated, the work would be done at the Newport News site. And so the discussion around George Washington has some -- would have a little bit of impact in Newport News in the -- really, in the timeframe of the inactivation, the RCOH, may affect the planning, although that's not really clear yet. It looks like we may be planning either way right now. But the bigger issue is that this is really a debate about how big is the Navy going to be. And interestingly enough, if you follow this very closely, you'll have a front row seat at how the nation makes that decision. You'll see all the opinions come out in the blogs. You'll see lots of viewpoints on how many carriers we need and where they need to be. There will be some discussion about industrial-based impact, but I don't expect the industrial base to be the driving force in the decision around how many carriers we have. And so at Newport News, it's going to be how much is the planning affected over the next couple of years. We don't know that yet. What does it do to the volume if there's an inactivation instead of an RCOH? I think we said before that an RCOH is about half the volume of a new construction job, and the inactivation is about half the volume of an RCOH. So the actual execution volume would be impacted a little bit, which would then have some effect on rates and things like that in the shipyard. But the real issue around 73 is going to be the much broader strategic issue of how does the nation decide how big a Navy it wants.
C. Michael Petters: No, because, I mean, certainly we have teams today that are bringing new construction ships to life at the same time that we're doing the RCOHs. And so you think about an RCOH, it -- the RCOH is probably the most complex work that we do, because you're doing the defueling of the ship, you're doing the refueling and startup of the ship, you're repairing the ship after 25 years at sea, and you're doing modernization work. As far as the nuclear test program, the refueling and the startup of the ship and the RCOH is comparable to the work that we do on the new construction carriers and in the submarines. And so the folks that do that, you have to make sure their training and qualification is all aligned, but the basic principles are essentially the same. Where it comes to the modernization and repair packages, those are basically driven by the amount of planning that you do and how detailed the planning is. And so I don't see it as being -- I see it as being a volume impact. I don't see it as being any specific critical skill that would decay away and be a problem for future RCOHs. I don't really see it that way at all. I do think that you have to make sure that you keep a sequence going, because the facilities that are available to do these RCOHs and inactivations, they're very, very limited and very tightly scheduled, for as far as we can see. And so what will matter is that if we decide to inactivate the ship, it needs to be inactivated on time. If we decide to refuel it, we need to refuel it on time so that we can do the next refueling on time.
C. Michael Petters: Yes. Our -- the 79 contract, Kennedy, is the one that is kind of in play now. Our desire was actually to have that contract before the end of 2013. For a lot of reasons around the fiscal issues, as well as the cost caps on the Ford itself, the decision was made that before we can actually go to a contract for 79, we need to actually have further progress on the 78. Now we are doing extensive construction preparation work on the 79 today in the shipyard. There are units that we are working, very high-volume, frankly, through getting that ship ready to be constructed. We have been working with the Navy to move towards a contract. Our expectation is that we can get to a contract this year that -- probably later in the year, and we'll just have to see how this plays out, I think. This is not -- I mean, it's a little bit hard to talk about, but it's really not unusual. This is what we went through when we actually went to contract on the Ford. The original Ford construction contract was set for 2006. We ultimately did not get to that contract until 2008. In that case, we were coming through the design, and we needed to make sure that the design matured before we went to the contract. Now we're coming through the construction of the lead ship. And we expect this contract to be, as opposed to the cost-type contract that we have on Ford, we expect the contract to be a price-type contract on the Kennedy. And so everybody, the Navy and the company, everybody wants to make sure that we understand what the risks are associated with the construction when we go to that contract. And so we're working very closely with the Navy to get that done. The delay in the contract is, it's not the optimum way to do this. On the other hand, it's not slowing down construction on the ship today.
C. Michael Petters: Well, without trying to predict any certain amount, what I would say is that we're taking a hard look at what our capabilities are and what are the markets that we think we can address those capabilities to. We are a company that has a very strong engineering background. We're very solid in managing a very deep and expensive supply chain and we have a long history of doing modular manufacturing construction. We have already, before the Stoller acquisition, we had already formed a partnership with Fleur to operate at the Savannah River nuclear site, and that's been going on for several years. We have explored partnerships with other firms in pursuit of potential opportunities in the DOE space. Because, quite frankly, that's one of our key areas of capability. We do very solid -- we're best in class when it comes to nuclear operations. And so there are a lot of companies out there that have wanted us to be part of their teams for different opportunities. In the course of that effort, we found ourselves partnering with S.M. Stoller on a number of different occasions and meeting with them and finding that they have a set of skills that are very complementary to us. One of the things that I like the most about this company is that they have a customer intimacy that we would take, frankly, years to develop. They're located in dozens of sites around the country for the DOE. And I liken that to our operation in the Navy side at AMSEC, where AMSEC has a couple of dozen offices around the world. Wherever the Navy is, that's where AMSEC is. While wherever the DOE is, it seems that Stoller is there as well. And this is an opportunity for us to work with them to leverage the unique capabilities that we have to better address the DOE space. Going forward, it is my view that we have some unique capabilities to offer to other customers. And we have talked pretty extensively about we do think that we can bring our engineering skill set and our modular construction skill set, we can successfully deploy that towards the oil and gas sector, so we've opened an office in Houston to do that. And we are taking a hard look at how do we take advantage of our skill sets, who do we partner with, and how do we do that in a way that is moderate risk, but has a great chance to be successful. And so we'll continue to evolve. I don't see this as being something that's going to double the size of the company in a year. I see this as being something that's going to evolve over time. And as we build a record of success, we can -- just like we've done over the last 3 years since the spin, but in the last 6 years since Barb and I first got responsibility for all of shipbuilding, we have evolved the business to a place where we're ready to go and achieve more of our full potential. So this is a walk down a path to see how do we redeploy the tremendous capabilities that we have.
C. Michael Petters: Well, I think that, Doug, the challenge that I would suggest that every defense company is dealing with today is how to, in this environment, how do you articulate the way that you're going to grow the value of your business. A lot of the companies, as I look around, I see that -- and hear that they're talking about international opportunities or commercialization of products and those kinds of things. We don't really believe that international is a really solid way for us to try to enhance the value of this business. But we do have 5,000 engineers and designers in this company. We are an engineering company, and engineering is a great way to see a window into a new space. I don't know exactly what the path will take us, I don't exactly know how it's going to go down, but I have to tell you that I feel like I'm obligated to pick up every rock and look under it and see if we can find some value there. It's going to be an incremental approach at this point, because we certainly recognize that a big bang opportunity would be fraught with risk. And if you know anything about us, you know that we are very, very thoughtful about the risk that we consider.
C. Michael Petters: Well, it's very early. I mean, you heard the same things that we heard. And ultimately, this will depend on how the requirements get set and how you can match up against those requirements. But we have -- we have been building the National Security Cutter for the Coast Guard for several years now. And we have a -- this ship is proving itself at sea for the Coast Guard. If the requirements align with that kind of a platform, then I think that we have a great opportunity. If the requirements align around some other set of missions and facts, then I think we'll have to take a hard look at that. But that's a platform, that's the size of a ship and a platform's capability set that we have been executing on for the last several years, and we've been doing that very successfully. So we look forward to the chance to understand it better and to engage with our customer to see how we match up with what it is they're looking for.
C. Michael Petters: I'll take that one. When we -- AMSEC was -- and Continental were originally part of Newport News back in when Newport News was acquired by Northrop Grumman. They followed -- when we put all of shipbuilding together in 2008, we decided to keep -- to let AMSEC and Continental go with the nonnuclear side of the business, because all of the work that's done at Continental is -- at their yard, is nonnuclear shipbuilding. And frankly, Irwin had been responsible for AMSEC before that, and we just let him take that with him. The rationale today is that we're bringing them back home to where they were, primarily because the alignment between what AMSEC is actually doing out servicing the fleet and what Newport News does with the carrier support, there's a high degree of alignment there. And Continental plays an important role in resourcing the work that we do in support of the carriers at North Island in San Diego. And at Ingalls, the issue, the primary issues for Ingalls going forward, are really in capturing new business related to the amphib business, which we've talked about extensively here before. With the transition of the leadership team, as you know, Irwin is stepping down and Brian Cuccias will be taking over. With that transition, we felt it was appropriate to realign to get the priorities for each of those leadership teams better aligned with the folks that we have running it. So that's really why I wanted to do that. And I think it sets both Newport News and Ingalls up for a higher degree probability of success going forward.
C. Michael Petters: And I would just add that we do look at these projects in terms of what they might mean for reducing the risk of a program. Whether it's the risk register of a program that we have in place or the acquisition cost risk of a future program, we look at it both ways. I'm not sure that I'm ever going to be in a place where I'm going to let anybody convince me that a capital investment in something this quarter is going to change our margins next quarter. I just don't see that being this kind -- this is not that kind of business.
C. Michael Petters: I'm not sure that it's changed that much. We have said that the Navy's hierarchy of priorities is carriers, submarines, destroyers and then amphibs and then auxiliaries after that. And that we've described that the resources seem to be running thin at the amphib line, and so that's where the scrum is for work to go. We are still advocating that a follow-on LPD be bought as a way to bridge from the current LPD production line, which is going very well, to a future program that the Navy has identified as LXR, which is a smaller version -- basically the small version of an amphib and it's a replacement of the, I think, it's the LSD 41 class. The gap between the end of our production in Ingalls and the beginning of that program is fairly lengthy. And so unlike the carrier discussion we had earlier, which is a -- I really think is a major, big strategic issue of how big does the Navy need to be, I think the amphib discussion is really a pure industrial -- it's not a pure industrial-based issue, because it is about how much lift do the Marines need and those kinds of things, but the industrial-based issues play a much bigger role in how you think about the amphibs. The Congress has appropriated $260 million for a follow-on amphib. They did that a year before last. Last year, they directed the Navy to come forward with what's your plan for continuing to support the industrial base around amphibs. We still believe that a follow-on ship makes good sense. The Navy plan does call for a follow-on large-deck amphib, LHA-8, and we're engaging and excited to engage with the Navy on how does that program, how's the best way to successfully execute that program. So there's a lot of interaction right now in the area of amphibs, and a lot of it is being driven by how do we get the capability that we need for the cost that we can afford. And we are happy to be part of that discussion.
C. Michael Petters: So George, the way that, that works is that the recovery becomes part of our billing base, and it's not a separate payment by the Navy over a period of time. The negotiations kind of move around a little bit. If you're thinking about what we're doing at Avondale as we continue to think about how do we redeploy it, there's the part of the recovery that's associated with the asset that's there, but there's also the part that's associated with the workforce that's there. We've incurred a lot of the workforce cost, and depending on how we move forward with the asset probably affects the way that, that negotiation goes. I don't know that anybody has a lot of experience with these kinds of events and negotiations. But what you, I think, typically -- where I think where we're headed is we're going to be negotiating around a set of actual costs over a period of time. And I think that, that in the meantime, I think that we'll be talking about what's our rate base look like.
C. Michael Petters: I think that the top line answer is we expect it to be a fixed-price incentive contract. As we go to the table and as we think about where the different areas of risk are, I think that the team has the latitude to try to find the right way to build a contract around the risk that's there. There may be parts of this that are not fixed-price incentive, and they may -- and I think the whole range of different contract options are available. But in the main, at the highest level, we expect it to be a fixed-price incentive contract.
C. Michael Petters: Well, I think that, one of the big, one of the major discussions that we have going on today is there's a substantial amount of government-furnished equipment that comes to this ship and how is that scheduled and what does it look like. There's also a question of, what does the government want to buy for the next ship? What is the ship actually look like at delivery, and are they going to buy those pieces or are we going to buy those pieces? That's all part of the discussion. If it's something that's well proven and understood and they want us to go manage it, and we've managed it before, then we feel very comfortable with that. We can get an appropriate contract for that. Something that's brand-new that nobody has ever managed, and the risk register is very high, and you have a different kind of contract for that. So that's all part of the negotiations, and I think it's premature to try to say how that's all going to turn out. But I think that the headline of it will be that it's a fixed-price incentive contract.
C. Michael Petters: Yes, I don't think I want to say too much about that, except that we view every -- we do everything we can to learn from every experience that we've got. And our view is that we want to understand this better. And so we've filed a protest so that we can have a better understanding of how the decision was made, so that we can go learn from this. And we'll see how the protest plays itself out.
C. Michael Petters: A different kind of ship. I mean, a really different kind of ship. And the frigate that they're talking about for replacing the -- or the follow-on to LCS, or whatever it turns out to be, we need to set it. We don't know -- exactly know what the set of requirements are. But that's a small ship, a small surface combatant with a lot of capability. The LPD is a platform that is fairly large. And in my view, the reason it's so powerful is because it's incredibly flexible. It is -- I really think that the key to success going forward, when you're building platforms that last for decades and you're using technology that gets superseded every 18 months, I think the way that you are successful there is by putting survivable volume at sea. I think that Enterprise has lasted 50 years -- it was online for 50 years. The planes that flew off that ship at the end its life were not even on the drawing board at the beginning of its life. But the fact that the Enterprise was large and had large volume, gave that ship and gave the Navy great flexibility to do all kinds of missions. Whether it was power projection or humanitarian aid, whatever it was, that volume at sea was very important. What the LPD brings is large volume at sea. And so bringing survivable volume at sea is something that we think makes a lot of sense. We know that there are folks who actually understand that, that does make some sense, that we have a production line that's hot, and we continue to try to work that. But it's not related at all to whatever happens with a future surface combatant of some kind.
C. Michael Petters: So George, we have talked about this many, many times. The way that, that shipyard operates is that the 9% is a blended rate. The blended rate has to come from programs that are very mature, as well as programs that have just started. 3 years ago, we said we had to deliver 5 ships and we had to sign 5 new contracts. We have now delivered 4 of those 5 ships, the fifth one will deliver in the next couple of months. The 5 contracts that we signed, we signed all of those and we signed some extras to that. What you have to have, is you have to have a maturity, you have to have the time to mature each of those programs to a point where the risk has been retired to, so that their blended rate can bring the whole shipyard to 9%. And we have pointed out that the reason 2013 was the year of inflection was that our expectation was around the end of the year, around the end of the year of 2013, we would be pretty much through the 5 very mature ships that were not performing, which was driving the blended rate down, and we would have these new contracts. We actually don't get to 9% until 2015 because we need the new contracts to mature. And each one of those contracts has the opportunity to contribute positively to our overall assessment.
C. Michael Petters: Okay. Well, thanks to everybody for participating in the call this morning. We do believe that we have achieved the things that we set out to achieve when we first spun the business 3 years ago. We'd identified 2013 as the year of inflection. We are at that point. The delivery of America is the last delivery of the 5 underperforming contracts. We're excited about the prospects for the future. We're committed to the 9% target for both of our businesses in 2015. We continue to think very carefully about how do we take full advantage and achieve the full potential of this business. And we're excited about everybody's interest in our business, and we're excited to engage with our customers as they plan their path forward. So we look forward to seeing you all. And thank you for your interest. Everybody have a good day.
Barbara A. Niland: I think that it is unlikely -- we will attempt to start recovery in the fourth quarter, but it is unlikely that will occur. I believe it will move into next year. And as far as the free cash flow conversion, like I said, you have to look at us over a 5-year period, a much longer period. I can't guarantee we'll have 100% cash conversion in any given year.
Barbara A. Niland: We are working that to start recovery this year. Again, that has the potential to slip into next year, but we're doing every effort that we possibly can to make it begin this year.
Barbara A. Niland: From '13 to '14, so I haven't really given specific guidance into '14. I mean, we have given you what we think the pension would be. In terms of cash taxes, I really don't want to give specific guidance for '14, so...
Barbara A. Niland: Okay. So let's start with the cash taxes side. And on the cash taxes, that was $126 million, okay? And then on pension, the CAS piece of that is $227 million for the recovery side, and the FAS piece of that is $135 million, okay? And that includes PRB -- I don't know if you want that. PRB is our...
Barbara A. Niland: Sure. From a pension standpoint, the CAS piece is $192 million, and the FAS piece is $118 million. Okay, so that net for just pension is $74 million.
Barbara A. Niland: So okay, the intent is that they will help us achieve higher margins longer term, not near term. But one of the capital projects that's included is we're replacing very old weld equipment. And with that replacement, it will be easier for the welders to get the equipment to where it needs to go, more efficient use of it. We expect that we'll see headcount reductions, as well as gain significant efficiencies in the new processes with this new equipment. And I believe this equipment is like 30, 40 years old. It is ancient. And so it makes the welders have a very difficult time. So that's one of the projects that we have. We have some other projects to gain efficiencies on the Virginia-class program, as well as for CVN-79 that we're looking at.
Barbara A. Niland: Okay, George, let me start with the receivables. Some of that's also timing on that, okay? But as far like an increase for Avondale and Gulfport closure, it will be small. The majority of it is sitting there now, so less than half. So probably in the $20 million range.
Barbara A. Niland: Very confident. The reason why it's delayed, is one, we're doing work in Avondale for Ingalls. And so that is creating part of the delay. You can't close it down and start recovery. So that's part of the delay. And then part of the delay is just typical negotiations that we're going through.
Barbara A. Niland: Well, right now, we have our buyback program in place. I don't see a huge change to that this year and we just have to see how things play out. No commitment, one way or another, except for with the current program, which is $300 million, and the current dividend policy that we have in place right now.
Barbara A. Niland: I think it's tough to say that. I don't see any significant change, really. But you have to remember, a lot of things go into G&A. Every company is different. So in terms of thinking about that, you have, state taxes in there, you have group insurance, corporate leases, BMP, legal, all kinds of things in there. So I hate to give this answer, but it just depends, Brian.
