Mike Petters: Yeah, I'll start and then maybe I'll let Chris talk to the rates issues. We have as a sort of core principle of at least my career is, you should launch no ship before its time. And as we were heading up to launch on Delaware, our approach to a quality launch there we started to recognize that to get to where we wanted to be on that ship for a launch, there was both cost and schedule pressure. So we don't launch until we're ready. So when we -- when the launch got delayed, we had to step back and say what were the root causes of that and what is that mean to us, not just on this particular program and Delaware is the last ship of Block III. But is there something that we do account for in our risk register in Block IV. And so that process is a very -- it's a routine process that we go through in our EAC process every quarter. But also the risk management process is very, very disciplined. And so as we went through that process, we recognized that we needed to reflect that in the risk registers for Block IV. So we did both of that. We took the program adjustment for Delaware, but also adjusted Block IV. And we also accounted in the ongoing negotiations we're having for in Block V. We absolutely believe that the problem is a rather challenge that we experience is bounded. The team is -- they recognize how they got here and they recognize the approach to get through it. I feel very confident about where the submarine program at Newport News is. And I'm also pretty excited about the future of that program as we go forward. So I'm -- this is was a routine adjustment that caught us on the cusp between Block III and Block IV, and so that's why it kind of shows up the way that it does. But I'm very confident about where that program is going to go in the future.
Mike Petters: Yeah, I'd go little just maybe expand on that, Doug. You know, across the whole business we will be -- we're starting up now, we're adding to launch on Kennedy but we're now behind Kennedy we have two more carriers to build. We're at the very beginning of Block IV and we're negotiating the Block V contract at Newport News. We have the steady refueling business at Newport News. We're coming through the second half of a refueling and will beginning -- the beginning of the planning phase for the next refueling. At Ingalls, we have 10 destroyers now under contract to build. We are negotiating the first ship of Flight II of LPDs and we are in a place where we just signed a contract for two more NCSs, NSC 10 and 11. And then across the whole range of the business, all of our programs are -- were getting the business into the production lines that are hot. And even though there's a -- the backlog is expanding pretty dramatically. We're in a place where we feel pretty comfortable that next year we're going to back into 9% to 10% range. And that's going to be across the whole business, there would be pieces of it, that will be -- because the risk registers we won't be at that level, there would be other pieces that the risk registers are going to be in a good place and we'll be above that. So at a blended rate we believe that in very short order, even though the backlog was expanding as quickly as it is. In very short order we're going to be in that healthy 9% to 10% range and we're pretty excited about that. Whether that's going to happen exactly the way that we see it play out, you know, this is ship building. So we'll see. But I've said this is the most exciting time that I've seen in shipbuilding and this is when it gets really good now. The orders are in the book and the team can get cut close to go execute those orders.
Mike Petters: Yes good question Doug. I think of the scale issue we don't look at it the same way. We and that may be because we just record that smart. But I think that we post that we've taken without navy customer for decades has been to understand the customer well enough to understand what capabilities they need then go invest in those capabilities so that you can become the preferred partner for that customer. In this space whether it's cybersecurity or data analytics and those kind of things when we acquired Kimball we brought on several new customers and we've gone through a pretty rigorous evaluation of what are the capabilities that those customers are going to need for where they are going to be in the future. And then we've been pretty selective about go and build that capability in our business. And both G2 and full-term are exactly that. I don't believe that you can we just successful by being made. I think you're going to have to be intimate to the customer you're going to have to be talking to them about what capabilities they need and then you've got to go her figure out how to create that capabilities so that they have it when they need. And we're excited about the approach because it helps us become more intimate with these customers over time and we become a much more interested partner. And we think that that's going to be the foundation of a very successful services business.
Mike Petters: I mean this was a, I would say for the sides for this size of the program for block 4 this is a relatively small adjustment for that.
Mike Petters: Lead back and I would just go and find out that what what's actually going to happen have beyond the persistent 3% growth in shipbuilding is that backlog is going to put us in a place where we're going to be able to talk about not just five years but 10 years. And we'll be able to talk to a pretty persistent growth rate across a decade that's going to be for a work we have under contract that is buy and large immune to some of the winds that might blow politically. So that gives us a lot of confidence in terms of the foundation of our business with our core customer we think that puts us in a very unique spot.
Mike Petters: Yes I think that when we first talked about the 3% the two carrier contract for instance was being talked about but not I think was uncertain. The destroyer piece was uncertain at that point. I think where we are now as that we're very confident about the 3% because of the work that we've captured. There are some things out there that frankly we'd like to see that could help this move along more. If you can do for instance if you can do a two ship by for Aircraft Carriers you can do also do ship by for LHAs. We've got figure out a way to get the LHA program back in phase because it's out of phase right now. And we got to do that as very efficiently as we can from a shipbuilding perspective we've got a LHA seven and LHA 8. But LHA nine and LHA 10 are out there and they are not in phase. So we've got to get to those in phase. So that remains to be seen. We're negotiating the first contract of flight two LPDs. The best way to build the flight two LPS would be to move to a multiyear contract. So we need to go do that. So those are things out there that would enhance our view the frigate program is out there and that will enhance our view. So while we saw defied around the 3% because of the work that we've done we're still out there doing more of this to try to be as efficient as we can.
Mike Petters: Yes George that was driven by the LA class submarine availabilities the three boats that we had in Newport News in 2018.
Mike Petters: Well I think that there is a bigger strategic issue around how is the Navy going to try to do maintenance going forward. There's been a challenge in terms of their readiness they they've talked about. And as they moved the resources towards more readiness, they've also been talking with the whole industry about how do we do that more strategically. We're certainly engaged in our discussion with the Navy but it's very premature at this point to try to talk about what impact that might have on our particular business. The LA class is actually an example of sort of the dynamics of that space in terms of those were pop-ups that we were available that we were able to do. But right now we can't forecast what after that. So and I think that sort of the challenge of that space historically has been the unpredictability of it and the volatility of it. So I think that the discussion is going on between the government and the industry right now. So how do we do this on a more efficient way which would drive out some of the volatility. And if we can do that then we can start to project that into our into our look ahead. But we're really not able to do that right now.
Mike Petters: Yes so I we do have good terms with our customers so working capital doesn't as we grow working capital does not increase that much. So it's all about timing with working capital with us and what happens around the end of the month. So you're correct relative to the pull forward. And we'll just see how 2019 goes.
Mike Petters: Yes we don't give specific projections of what we think that might be. We have to execute it a then evaluated. As not necessarily even without the launch we believe we can get to 9% to 10% return on sales range for next year. There's a lot of things going on in 2020.
Mike Petters: Yes. I would, interesting question. Frankly my view is that if we get too far above the 10% range what that will indicate is that we're not backfilling the work. And so while it would feel really good because you got a really good number. It's not exactly the healthiest place for you to be. And so our intent our focus will be getting the risk registered retire. So we can optimize the return on these programs. If we see that we have a different outlook at that point we will. But more importantly we're going to be working hard to try to continue to backfill the work so we keep that were added late in the healthy range.
Mike Petters: Well we thank you all for your interest in the business. We continue to focus on execution and the work that's happening across the full range of our business. We appreciate your interest and your time today and we look forward to seeing you in the future. Thank you.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. So they definitely wind down a bit. I'm not comfortable providing 2021 data at this point. Trying to get you '19 and '20 from a planning standpoint that FAS/CAS and contribution start to normalize subsequent to '20, for sure all things being equal, of course.
Chris Kastner: We're -- as Mike indicated on his prepared remarks, we're still comfortable returning the 9% return on sales in 2020, and the Flight III boats or Flight III ships are in that mix. So we're comfortable with how those ships are starting and we're comfortable with that 9% return on sales projection.
Chris Kastner: Yes so I'll handle the last one first. So we did have a good Q4 and working capital both receivables and payables. Grad paid early on some stuff that we weren't really expecting its testament to the team that was working cash over the year to ensure that we maximize it so that we did have a positive working capital quarter for sure. And Mike you want to handle the DCS but we don't specifically give bookings in the program.
Chris Kastner: Yes you can think between $100 million to $150 million right at the end of the year that came in because of the team is working very, very hard at it.
Chris Kastner: So I'll give you gross and net first. Positive of 62 and negative of 50. Ingalls was a positive 30 and Newport News was a negative 18. From a free cash standpoint what I intended to do this year on this call was give you all the various factors that influence cash flow at HII the nonrecurring type of items. So depreciation amortization capital net pension cash and then everything else is just working capital and that's timing related. And as you know as you saw in Q4 you may have seen be a bit lumpy. So hopefully I've given you more information where you can understand how cash flow within a corporation.
Chris Kastner: Yes Jonathan I appreciate the question. And as you know we don't provide that residential what I tried to do is give you all the components that make up cash flow. I really would rather not give you directional and my thoughts relative to how it's going to be prepared to 2018. But I think you can probably get there with the information that I provided.
Chris Kastner: And Jonathan I apologize i did not hear you very well. I think the question was about growth. This is Chris and Mike can chime in subsequent that we are still confident with 3% CAGR 2017 through '22. obviously we had pretty good 2018. But we don't really don't expect that to continue obviously because of Los Angeles submarine work will finish this year. And then tailwind 2020 potentially. So we're feel still comfortable with that sort of growth rates for those years in shipbuilding.
Chris Kastner: Well that's getting on a run rate sort of margin for a return on sales for Newport News in the quarter. Obviously there will be opportunities for step ups as we achieve milestones at both ship yards. So well it is run rate that's not how we think about return on sales within the year.
Chris Kastner: I'm not entirely sure the awards you're referencing I apologize. But all of the all the awards we had in the fourth quarter and the perspective that Mike previously gave relative to the growth rate.
Chris Kastner: Yes so I apologize again but we don't provide guidance. What I've tried to do is give you all the variables that impact cash. And addition to that we provide top line and where we think we're going to be from a return on sales standpoint and what the tax rates going to be. So I think based on the information I provided you can get to a fairly consistent or number that you can count on. Obviously working capital moves around a little bit in that it can be lumpy at times. But with I think with the information I provided you can arrive at a fairly reasonable number.
Chris Kastner: Well the answer Ron this is Chris. And I consistently said if things go perfectly it could be better but you have there are constraints within a shipyard. There's only so many boats you can build at the same time. So it's not as if we get these orders and they provide for immediate sales growth. What they do provide for is amazing stability within our business space. So it's not as if it immediately show up in sales and margin.
Chris Kastner: Well I think certainly we've got a contract here that's going to carry us out to 2032. So we have a pretty large this register at this point. And as we with all of the advantages come us along are historic and very disciplined process for making sure that we don't retire the risk before we've actually retired it. Now what happens here is that as you are going through the first ship it's really going to be the third ship in the class. And so you're going to be able to take advantage of what's you've learned from the first 2. And you'll have opportunities where you're at high risk on the first ship and you'll decide that maybe that's not a risk on the second ship. So there'll be a progression just like it is on any other program it's just going to be a 13-year curve as supposed to a 8-year curve or a 5-year curve that we have on other programs.
Chris Kastner: That's the current program of records. I think the question around submarines is it as the industry has been expanding itself to be able to handle the two submarine per year delivery rate in Virginia-class as well as support the Columbia program. Discussions about future submarines and adding more submarines to the budget I mean that's been a very loud discussion and we stand ready to support that. But the capital that sort of things if you just going to add one or two ships to the budget along the way and kind of option them in. They're not really won't require substantially more capital. That would just be putting them back into our production line and working them through the process. If the nation were to decide that they wanted to go some other build rate. We're we wanted to go to a three Virginia-class stream extreme be and go to a three Virginia-class per year build rate confirm with the Columbia-class program. Then that would probably require another thought on capital. But we are not seeing that being the discussion today and so we feel pretty comfortable with the capital investments that we've made on the BCS program. And even if they add a ship here or a ship there we think that that will be that we're in we're well positioned to support that.
Chris Kastner: I think the way to think about this and welcome to the stock. I think the way to think about our ship building businesses is that brand new programs are going to be booked very conservatively because we just we have too many scars where we've gotten out in front of our head lights. And so we went to be conservative in new programs. Very mature programs we can where we understand where the risk is we will be more aggressive. Where we are right now is that we have a tremendous amount of new work at Newport News. And so as a result we're being pretty conservative at Newport News. And on the other hand at Ingalls we've got some pretty mature programs there. And we're hot production lines. So we're in a place where we can be more aggressive. Both teams are executing exceptionally well and we we're of the work that they are doing and the positioning that they are making to accelerate into the next decade. And that's across all of our programs. And so our view is that the healthy blended business of shipbuilding ought to be a mix of very mature product lines with the significant volume of new work and then that blended that puts you in a 9% to 10% range. We've been very consistent about that since we left we still believe that to be the case. And we expect that even with all of the new work that we're taking in Newport News in the next we've taken it on and in the across the rest of this year. We expect that our blended rate next year is going to be in 9% to 10% range we're pretty comfortable with that. So we're excited about where this positions us because it does put us in the healthy place for the next five to 10 years.
Chris Kastner: So we have five ship deliveries we have Delaware and then for angles two DDGs LHA seven and NSC-8. So it's going to be normal course of when we evaluate over risk registers when those ships delivers and if we have an opportunity we'll book some additional margin.
Chris Kastner: Sure. Avondale is behind is now. We've recovered that. I think that was $15 million that went into AR from an inventory related to Avondale. But we did get you the information. So that is absolutely behind us we saw in the facility the restructuring is fully and that's covered.
Chris Kastner: Yes I'll not going to comment on where I think it's going. I've given you all the information would on the tax rate we have not that's book tax, the cash tax will that will settle out 2019 or '20 when we get agreement with the IRS. So I'm being punished by giving too information here unfortunately. So I tried to give you all the factors that influence cash flow. You saw what happens in working capital in 2018 and that potential effect that can add for 2019. And I think there's enough information for you to derive a reasonable estimate for 2019 and 2020.
Chris Kastner: Right. yes we've been as we've been program team set up a target for launching this ship earlier and moving the launch into 2019 from 2020. They've been pretty steady and persistent at achieving the things they need to achieve get done. We're encouraged by that packet and it's been holding the line for quite a while now. So that program is coming together. And I think even more importantly now with more two behind it becomes a really important key foundation for the future of the business.
Chris Kastner: Yes I'll give you 2019 and '20. '21 it does come down a bit and that a little less than we thought in '20 driven by discount rates and asset returns. But you should see beyond '20 metering down a bit along with FAS and contributions.
