Chris Kastner: Thanks, Tom. Before wrapping up, I would like to highlight on Slide 12 that we will release an updated HII's sustainability report in the coming days which will be available on our website. We are focused on the alignment of the program with our mission, values and purpose and structuring our strategy around securing our business, building our community and protecting our resources. We have enhancements in process for future sustainability reporting and expect another update to be released in the spring of 2023. Finally, turning to Slide 13. We remain focused on successfully executing on our strong backlog and positioning for long-term growth which will generate value for our employees, customers and shareholders. Now, I will turn the call over to Christie for Q&A.
Chris Kastner: Yes. Thanks for that, Doug. Some -- definitely some stability in the Virginia class program right now, the Block 14 and 796 which is the [indiscernible] to be delivered, some positive developments from a schedule standpoint. They are very, very stable and looking towards the beginning of next year to get that [indiscernible] delivered. So I'd say stability in the schedule. Still working very hard on the fundamentals of cost and efficiency. But I think we're in a pretty good place from a schedule standpoint there.
Chris Kastner: Yes. Sure. So fundamentally, when you have stability in your schedules and stability in your planning documentation and you know what work is in front of you, then you're going to have a better chance to have an efficient performance from a cost standpoint. So first things first, let's get the schedule right. We've got the labor. They are fully staffed on Block IV and Block 5 and they're making progress on their milestones. And now it's just knocking down that work, getting to the test program on 796 and progressing on 798. So I'm not going to give you a trajectory on margins on the VCS program. I will say, the best indicator within the submarine program is, are you making your milestones? Are your schedule stable? And if they are, you're going to meet your cost you're going to meet your cost objectives. But there's a lot of fight in that team, they're working very hard to get that done. I know the team is working very hard on the fundamentals of the operating system. If they get that right, they work on that every single week which they are, they're going to be successful.
Chris Kastner: Yes. Well, so as I said previously, we do have some protection. The biggest issue for inflation for us is going to be in our -- really on our new contracts and ensuring that we get the bids right from the supply chain and ensure that the cost and schedule is correct when we bid those new contracts. So that's probably the greatest risk for us. We do have some inflation issues within some of our piece parts in the supply chain where we didn't have those under contract. But as I said previously, we have some protection for that, although not fully protected. So the real issue for us related to inflation is getting the bids right on our new contracts and we're working very hard to ensure we do that.
Chris Kastner: Sorry, Rob, I don't recall if you just said that, Tom but I think that we had pro forma growth of 8% year-to-date within Mission Technologies. So I'm feeling very positive about the business. We had 2 real good wins in DMATs and Air Force training contract which is very positive. The book-to-bill is positive. So I think that team has a lot of opportunity moving into '23.
Chris Kastner: Well, we assume that the Columbia class will kind of orderly based on the planning documentations we've received from the Navy and Electric Boat, that that's been included in all our capacity planning and how we think about the business going forward [indiscernible] growth rate. Now I think the Navy has been very thoughtful in how they order material and how they're thinking about bundling procurement to ensure they get the best economics relative to ordering material from the supply chain. So I think it's a smart way to do it. We're just in the initial stages of kind of talking about it. But it will definitely be involved a part of our growth rate going forward. It's -- it will be a source of growth in Newport News and I think the team is smartly working on it.
Chris Kastner: Absolutely. But you think -- jeez, as think about defense strategy and you think about the CNO NAV plan and the amount of visibility we have right now into what our backlog will be and the demand signal we're going to get in shipbuilding, we have very good visibility and high confidence that we're going to be in a pretty good place over the next 10 to 15 years from a visibility standpoint. The important thing we need to do is focus on execution, make sure we get these bids correct and then get the ships delivered because the Navy needs them.
Chris Kastner: Yes, Scott. I don't want to comment on the specific mission. But I think getting these assets in the water executing missions for the customer is very important because it's going to demonstrate how positive and productive these can be as a force multiplier. And we think it's the most positive thing we can do is get these in service so they can demonstrate their pretty impressive capability. Now I don't know if we've hit an inflection point from a revenue standpoint as of yet but there's definitely momentum that's being gained both Subsea and on the surface and a number of different con ops and missions that are being contemplated for these type of vessels. So we only think it's a positive development and we think it will continue to gain momentum and we really like where we're positioned.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So we'll give you a comprehensive update on the milestones on the next call. But the 5 deliveries in '23, we're still very positive on those schedules are holding and we're pacing towards delivery on those ships. And the balance of those milestones are in process and on schedule as well as that we previously indicated to you. So yes, there's some opportunity but we're going to assess the risk and opportunity every quarter. It's definitely still a tight labor market. There's been some positive indicators here as of late but I don't think 2 data points is necessarily a trend. So we're going to be measured in how we deal with that, assess our risks and opportunities and then provide you a comprehensive update at the end of the year. But the milestones in '23 are holding. We're very comfortable with that we need to get these assets delivered and the team is working very hard to do that.
Chris Kastner: Well, it's going to be [indiscernible] percentage simply because we think we've made really good investments in growth markets when you think about the technology markets that we're in Mission Technologies. They really directly relate to the national priorities when you think about AI, ML, cyber, unmanned, ISR, live virtual constructive training and advanced synthetic training. Those directly relate and apply to the defense priorities moving forward. So they will naturally grow. And so shipbuilding will be less of a percentage of the portfolio. But make no mistake, shipbuilding will always kind of be at the heart of this company and we're focused on it. But I think they'll naturally reposition a little bit based on the technology. And it's interesting the Navy is asking for this, right? These are the Navy priorities. And I can think of no better way to serve your customers than to answer their call relative to additional more complicated missions that they need to execute. So -- it's a good question. It's one we think about a lot. And we think we're making the appropriate investments in these technology areas.
Chris Kastner: They're still on for '23. And we assess the labor situation and Gautam, thanks for the question, this is Chris. And we assess our labor plans and our program schedules on a quarterly basis. So all of the labor situation that we've seen this year, what we expect for next year is always included in those program schedules and we're still comfortable with those milestones.
Chris Kastner: Well, we're on pace to get to 5,000. I'm still comfortable with that number. We're going to have to see how it goes. We've had a couple of good indicators here. So we're still comfortable with that. As we said previously on this call, we'll give you a better highlight on what we think about '23 in February.
Chris Kastner: Not at this time. We're working on that now. We're coming through our plans. -- and we'll provide you that information in February, Gautam.
Chris Kastner: Sure. So 123 is on schedule has some really good trials. They're on pace to get delivered before the end of the year. And then -- it [ph] has been initiated. I was actually down in the spaces last month, maybe 2 months ago. All the equipment is installed, doing localized testing, starting that test program. So some positive developments there. So yes, each of those are on schedule.
Chris Kastner: Well, we'll assess them when they're complete and review the entire risk and opportunities and then deal with the outcomes at each.
Chris Kastner: Yes. Ron, remember, a lot of that work is cost-plus. There's a lot of we think there'll be a lot of stability in the margin rate moving forward. So we're still comfortable with that.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So we had minor adjustments or what I'll call tweaks in -- within the quarter on a few programs at Newport News, not material enough to be mentioned here and that it was offset by the Columbia class incentives. Now incentives and schedule incentives, performance incentives are normal in our contracts, it's a normal way to incentivize performance. We think it's a good method to incentivize performance. So it's not out of the ordinary. But we have to assess our EACs every quarter, we make minor adjustments where we see fit to the risk and opportunities and there was just some minor adjustments on a few of the programs there.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So we only do that twice a year. We kind of inserted that as a convention. So we've done it twice a year. I can comment on any one of them that you'd like. As I said previously to some of the questions, the last 2 for this year are on schedule, deliveries for next year are on schedule. So it's just been our convention twice a year if you go back in time.
Chris Kastner: It's something that's happening with the milestones, I'd tell you. So -- but they're on schedule. So thanks for that. It's just -- that's our convention.
Chris Kastner: Yes, it could. I'll start and then Tom can chip in here. So we do have some protections, right, from an inflation standpoint. We were very fortunate that with our relationship with the labor unions, we're able to get long-term arrangements there which helps us mitigate it to some extent. Having suppliers under contract before we entered into this mitigates it to some extent. And then our EPA clauses mitigates it some. But absolutely, when you think about our workforce and some of the increases that we've had to provide from a salary standpoint for new hires, that impacts our labor rates a bit. And then some of the general inventory that you can't put under contract could impact it a bit as well. So I would say it modestly impacts it. We've assessed all of it in our EAC process and we think we have it but we're going to have to be mindful of it moving forward.
Chris Kastner: Thanks a lot. Thanks very much for your interest in -- continued interest in HII. We welcome your continued engagement and feedback. Thank you.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. So when I look at that, you are right. We closed August 19 of last year. So the third quarter last year was incomplete. So the organic growth for the quarter specifically was about 1.5%. But I look at it for the year, it could be choppy because of the [indiscernible] at the beginning of the year. We've talked about the slow contracting environment, the wins and then the supply chain issue a little bit on the operational side of that. The overall emission technologies growth for the year is 4.3%. Alion stuff grew 8%. Q2, we told you about 6% Mission Technologies as a whole. Mission Technologies, revenue top line is a little light. Usually that third quarter for us or the fourth fiscal quarter is a sweep up quarter for both line and legacy MDIS we had anticipated when we told you about an 8% growth against the Q2 top line, we would see about that didn't materialize there. As I said, factors were that we didn't sweep up as much as we thought were in funds and have open seats we've talked about and hiring professionals there and then just some material -- some material didn't hit in the quarter. So that's where we stand with growth.
Tom Stiehle: I'd comment, too, on the back end of that. We added a new slide to kind of hit the strong demand for shipbuilding. You can see a backlog chart on Slide 5 there which shows that backlog at the $46 billion range that sustained itself through at least 2026. We have excellent visibility from both the shipbuilding [ph] plan, the 5-year side plan and then the more immediate FY '23 budget of expectations what we see in the near term and we have tremendous visibility of the awards we expect to come in the next 3 to 5 years.
Tom Stiehle: Yes, sure. So you'll see that in the Q later this morning when it comes out. The quantification is $41 million of Columbia incentives. And over the last 2 or 3 calls, we've highlighted that as we're working closely with our customer or customer and how the Virginia class and the Columbia class play out, both the additional boats to Block V, the Block VI boats and then we're working closely to program offices as far as what those requirements look like, what are the schedule requirements the both have to fly out here and that drives capacity and capability requirements within Newport News. So we've worked closely with the program office there and we see a need for additional capacity that we have in the yard. We've negotiated a position right now and we've achieved those incentives in the quarter. So it's $41 million.
Tom Stiehle: Cumulative adjustments that we had then. So it was $84 million [ph] favorable, $57 million [ph] unfavorable, a net of $27 million and a proportionate of that was about half of that was on Newport News and then 25% each for Ingalls [ph].
Tom Stiehle: Yes, sure, George. I appreciate the question. Yes. So we did raise that. When we look at the company as a whole in business now 11 full years, this 12th. 9 of the 11 we exceeded the target of 7.5% that we've had. Obviously, this is a down year 2 years we were less than in the quarter. And as we've highlighted to the Street where as our peers are too, we're in the double-digit negative returns against the pension plan that we have here. So we do think it's prudent when we looked at it going forward, that at least for next year, we have an expectation that the return on assets could be 8%. So we raised that [ph]. Relative to the pension, you can see from our table that we gave you that updated the parameters 2023 is that rate has changed, it's gone from 3% to 4.90% [ph]. So that's up 190 bps. We gave you the returns on what we saw through the year-to-date at minus 15%. And you can see that flows through the fast cash adjustment was down about $102 million. So that's some headwinds on EPS next year. But we'll keep you updated and at the next call, we give you the entire [indiscernible] a 5-year projection going forward.
Tom Stiehle: We think there's interest -- it's Tom. Yes, thanks for the question. We think there's interest there up on the hill. I don't think it's a top priority right now. We'll have to see how it plays out. We get through the elections. Does it get inserted into a bill by year-end or not? As the year progresses and there's just one last -- may kind of mid-December time frame, the benefit this year doesn't play out. But obviously, as soon as that loss swings over, as we've been highlighting, it's a $250 million impact, a positive impact to the free cash flow. So we're eagerly awaiting that. I'm hopeful that it does could change but we'll just have to see how that plays out.
Tom Stiehle: So I would tell you that, as I told you at the Q3 call that believe it was going to be pushed to the end of the year right now and that's a piece of the uptick that we have in our free cash flow guidance that we gave you. So we told you it was 2.25 [ph] was the midpoint. We now project to have to pay those payments back in 2023 time frame. So it's an uptick in -- for this year, it's an adjustment in the free cash flow bridge that we gave you in the briefing and we anticipate paying those back in the first quarter of '23.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. So we're on cost right now. When we look at the EBITDA right now, we've given you the numbers on where we finished the previous year and 8% range. If you noticed, we just adjusted the EBITDA NDA target down from 8.5% to 8.3% because of the volume pressures that we have but we feel comfortable with that right now. As the -- in the rising we have, we still have a robust pipeline. We feel comfortable that we're getting our momentum. The portfolio itself and the technology that we're going after many opportunities at this. So I do. I think there's a little stress on it right now for 2022 just for the volume of sales as we adjust around that. But that's still a target that we've been highlighting and it's good for modeling going forward.
Tom Stiehle: I think it's more of the latter there. Obviously, we want to come through. We're watching a risk profile, the risk registers what gets burned down this quarter, the performance and the cadence. We're maintaining schedule, the hiring and the experience in the yard, progress that we make with the experience and the material [indiscernible]. A piece of that process is the contract adjustments we get, the EPA and other type of provisions that will handle for inflation. To piggyback on what Chris said earlier, depending on the portfolio and the mix, Ingalls is more 90-10 fixed price, Newport News is 50-50 cost type and fixed which contracts have EPA clauses which contracts are being impacted. So a lot of things are moving around there between inflation, supply chain, interest rates, performance, material receipt and progressing. So, we really want to get a look see on where we stand right now. We told you 8% to 8.1% and we still feel comfortable with that right now. We had a strong first half which we kind of foreshadowed -- we told you the back half would be about 7% for shipbuilding. We came in at 7.4% with those incentives. So you can do the math. We're still holding at 7% for the back half of the year. So you can do the math on that, what Q4 looks like. But I think 8% to 8.1% is still a valid endpoint for us. I'd like to see where we land on that, see our run rate and then we'll factor that into the baseline going forward on the February call.
Tom Stiehle: Sure. Yes. So for -- yes, that's exactly right. I left her at 9.3% -- about 9.3% was the working capital sales in Q2. We are just about 11%, 11.1% for Q3. I anticipated that. We'll turn the corner a little bit as we exit the year here as we kind of work ourselves through the trades, the invoicing, payments and progressing. That will come down. And then we've talked about the milestones with the 5 deliveries of next year which are still in play here. So I see '23 dropping back to more traditional 6% to 8% range. And I would expect that we would run in that rate over the next couple of years. And that's the plan and we're on that trajectory.
