C. Michael Petters: Well, I think, the first thing to recognize is that the most important asset that we have in Avondale is the workforce that's there. And we're phasing into a market that appears to have a large demand for a highly skilled and qualified workforce. The projects in Louisiana and Texas that have already been announced, and the ones that we know are on the books to be announced, demand a workforce that's larger than is in place in that region of the country today. And so we're being swept -- we're being pulled into that. People are calling for our skilled workforce to be applied to that base. I think there's 2 elements of that, that we have to think through, and we will be working our way through that mostly this year is, number one, how do we sustain the workforce to line up with the work opportunity? Make sure -- how do we bridge from the Navy work that we're doing? If we just go and finish the Navy work, the workforce at Avondale will continue to ramp down through the end of this year when there'd be no workforce left. And we have to kind of understand when would that workforce be required, and is that this year or is that early next year or how do you bridge through that? And that's still unfolding in front of us. And so we're working our way through that piece of it. I think the second part of it is to recognize that it really is about getting the Navy work out of the business so that we can restructure the cost and be affordable. We may have the most skilled workforce in the area, but if they're not competitive, we won't be able to go very far in that marketplace. And so both of those issues, how do we sustain the critical skills that we need, how do we demonstrate our affordability, those are the things that we're going to be working on. I mean, we're working on them now and we'll be working on them through, basically, the next couple of quarters here this year.
C. Michael Petters: Yes. That's a great question, Doug, and we've spent a lot of time on this. I have said from the beginning that sequestration, by itself, is not nearly the issue for us that it is for a lot of other folks in our space. Sequestration, the way that it's laid out is typically going to -- it's going to be about today's cash expenditures. So the short of it is, the way you get at today's cash expenditures by the government is, you talk about flight hours and steaming hours and training dollars, which is not really in our -- we have some business in that area at Continental and at AMSEC, but it's not the principal source of our business. And from the beginning of this, we've been focused on the continuing resolution. If you want to think about where we are, it's the end of February, we are operating under a continuing resolution for 2013. Well, the fiscal year 2013 started in October, October 1. And frankly, Doug, we go through this every year. You need an appropriations bill to allow you -- new programs to start on October 1. Well, this year, October 1, 2012 is actually March 27, 2013, and we're about halfway through the process, and we still don't have a budget for 2013. So all of the things that were due to start in 2013 have not been allowed to start by the way that the continuing resolution was structured. So in one sense, we look at March 27 as just October 1, except the dynamics of and the interplay between sequestration, the delay of sequestration to March 1 and now the 2 of them are interacting, and amongst themselves creates some level of uncertainty that March 27 is actually going to have an appropriations bill. And our concern, and we've actually been saying this for some time now that our concern has been that if you just extend the CR the way that it is now, many of our programs will be affected. One program that's already been affected has been the destroyer program. The destroyer program was a bid that we put together last summer. My view is the Navy would've been able to evaluate those bids and make those awards before the end of last year, but because we had a CR, they have to push that off until the end of March or April, can't do a new start under the current law. If we get an extension to the CR, then that award gets moved all the way out, past October 1, 2014. Now let's go down the list of all of the starts that we have to have in 2013 that we were -- that we have been counting on and that we are working very hard for. We mentioned the Lincoln. The Lincoln was due to arrive here on February 14. A few days before that, we were notified that the Navy, because of their uncertainty around what would happen on March 27, decided to postpone that and have the work continue at the Naval Station but not come into the shipyard. That's not the most efficient way to do business, but it is the way the Navy's chosen to do it under the restrictions that they have to operate under. Now we have a workforce that's working on the ship there, but it is not -- they're not making nearly the progress that we would be making if we were here in the shipyard. Other work for 2013 that we would see if there had been a normal appropriations process, the start of the Kennedy, the detail design and construction contract for the Kennedy is due to be awarded before the end of this fiscal year. The inactivation of the Enterprise is due to begin during this fiscal year. I've mentioned the destroyer award, I've mentioned the Lincoln. There's cost to complete effort on LHA 6 and LPD-25 and on -- I'm sorry, LHA 6 and on CVN-71. Now we find ourselves in a place where our list of things that we have to have in FY '13 is an exact copy of what the Navy's list is for what they have to have in 2013. And if you look at the testimony that the Chief of Naval Operations and the Vice Chief have given over the last 6 weeks, their list and our list are the same. And so we expect that March 27 will ultimately look like October 1 should have, and that's the way we're thinking about our business. But it's a pretty dynamic time right now, and we're getting a lot of visitors to our business to understand what these impacts are.
C. Michael Petters: Yes, Doug, I don't know how to put my arms around all of the potential variations that are here. The fundamental question is that we're halfway through 2013, we don't have a budget for 2013. We actually are trying to figure out the 2014 budget legislatively while we don't have a budget for 2013. The degree of uncertainty is as high right now as I've ever seen it. We've operated under continuing resolutions in the past. Typically, we've had continuing resolutions with anomalies that would allow us to go start programs on time. This hasn't happened this time and this one has -- this continuing resolution has been exceptionally long, and the prospect of an extension is what our concern is. How the numbers between what happens with the sequester and how that interplays with what the ultimate numbers that come out of a continuing resolution or appropriations bill, how those interact, there's probably as many variations as there are people with opinions. What I would say is that, overall, we believe that the fundamental issue of the fiscal challenges facing the country are strategic issues for us in the -- on the horizon in terms of the size of the Navy and the amount of support that we would be providing from a shipbuilding perspective. There may be things, like we've talked about many times, there may be things where a program might move from 1 year to another because of budget authority issues or outlay issues, that's -- we kind of typically deal with those kinds of things as they come up. But the strategic issue of how big is our Navy, what kind of ships are going to be in it, I think that's a 5- to 10-year time frame, and that's really the longer-term strategic impact of this.
C. Michael Petters: Yes. Again, I think there's just so many variables here relative to how this all plays out. If all you had was a sequester and then you had shipbuilding, all of the shipbuilding things happen the way that they happen, our continued discussion about a business that's got flat revenues pretty much holds in place at this point, as best we can understand it. The dynamics of what might happen in a particular harbors and how Continental might be affected or how AMSEC might be affected, those are very important businesses to us. But in terms of affecting the kind of numbers that you're talking about, we're not as -- we're much more focused on the shipbuilding starts that we have to get done.
C. Michael Petters: Sure. We said we needed 4 things, actually, to be successful here. We needed the Navy to support us, we needed the state to support us, we needed a sustainable marketplace and we needed a good partnership or a good partner that understood the marketplace. What we've got is the Navy is definitely supportive of us pursuing this, and the state has been more than forthcoming in trying to create an environment where we could be successful here. Our view of the marketplace is that this looks pretty sustainable, at least for a while, and the demand, the fact that there's a demand for this and it's a pull into the marketplace instead of a push by us into something is a much -- that's a much different perspective than we had a couple years ago when we were first starting to think about what happens with Avondale. As far as the partnerships, what we found is that the folks that are in that business today are looking for good, skilled workforce, and they have been working with us to help us understand what the cost requirements would be, what the quality requirements would be, the schedule performance would need to be, the safety requirements that we would have to be able to perform to. And so we're getting good support from other players in the industry who are looking to us as maybe potential suppliers to them or maybe, ultimately, partners with them as they support this industry. So we're not charging into this with our blindfold on and just suggesting that we can do this better than anybody else. We're actually getting a lot of good constructive engagement from the folks who need to really make this be successful. And so we're treading carefully down that path of "does this make sense?" And as I said, it's going to come down to, "are we going to be able to sustain the workforce and can we meet the competitive requirements that, that industry will require?"
C. Michael Petters: Well, certainly. I mean, the Navy has made some major decisions about -- they're not deploying assets on their normal deployments. They have provisionally announced availabilities for the third and fourth quarter that would not be performed. All of those things, at this point, and let's go one step further, it's more of a CR impact but something as simple as the Lincoln. All of those things -- none of that work is being done the way that it ought to be done. So it's all becoming more inefficient. The challenge for us is that some of that, you just have to wait and see how this plays out because I think what really is going to happen here is that the sequester law will go into effect at the end of this week but then, I think that the resolution of all of this issue is going to become apparent with the resolution of the CR at the end of March. And then, there's a lot of pressure on the sequester itself. My view of it, my personal view, my view is that the law will go into effect and that the energy will be focused on creating an appropriations bill or some kind of continuing resolution that actually creates a stable base for this to go forward in the next month. And so trying to speculate on how that's all going to play out is -- we've just chosen not to try to create any particular cases because we know that whatever cases we create will be wrong.
C. Michael Petters: Rob, I would tell you that I'd go back to what we said before, we're assuming that all of this will work out. We're looking at March 27 as being October 1. And so I haven't added the numbers up the way that you have, but our view is that after March 27, we would expect that we would proceed on the path that we had laid out, that these programs would start in accordance with the schedule that's out there. If we find ourselves a month from now in a different place than that, then we will have to have a different discussion. But that's the path that we're on. It's encouraging to me that the Navy has identified the same priorities that we have and I think that our position and frankly, the industry's position, is pretty well understood. I was once told that short-term decisions in this business are political and long-term ones are economic. We're, quite frankly, in the middle of a big political decision right now that's going to play out over the next 30 days.
C. Michael Petters: I don't know how to put my arms around that, Rob. I mean, we're looking at a carrier contract that with the -- the Kennedy contract itself was a multibillion-dollar contract that we have been spending money on for a couple years in advance procurement. If the Navy were to decide or if we were to find ourselves in a place where we were not going to go to contract in 2013, the next question is, "Okay, how do you bridge the work that you're doing to the contract whenever it gets awarded?" We've done that in the past. In fact, that's how we did CVN-78. That contract was supposed to be done in 2006. We actually didn't go to contract until 2008. We had 2 years of construction preparation there to bridge from the time when the contract was planned for, to the time that we actually went to contract. That allowed the design to mature more, it allowed all of those things to happen. But the sequence of how all that plays out is something that is very difficult for us to predict. What I do know is that none of these programs, none of these programs are being talked about in terms of cancellation. So that all of this is going to happen, it's really a matter of when and how is it going to happen, and that's what we're trying to work our way through. Our plan today is that it will happen on time because that's the most efficient way for this work to proceed in our business and it is absolutely the best way to be good stewards of the taxpayer dollars.
C. Michael Petters: Well, our story 2 years ago is the same as it is today. We have 2 ships left to go that we expect to deliver this year. This year is a point of inflection for the business and that you will see earnings accelerate. I don't know that we will ever tell you that it's going to be a quarter-over-quarter slope on earnings for any part of our business. To quote my Chief Financial Officer, "This business depends and is lumpy." And so we're headed to 9% from where we are today. This year, we'll probably look more -- a little bit more like last year than it will look like next year. But that's because we're getting those last 2 ships out. We need '14 and '15 to make a progress on the new work that we've signed at Ingalls to get them to the point where they're mature enough to book at the normal rate, and that's what we're focused on.
C. Michael Petters: Well, the normal course of business and the synchronization that we talk about in this business is that as you finish the Roosevelt, that workforce would transition to the Lincoln. And you know, the Roosevelt is in its last few months and will be heading towards its redelivery, and the people would normally just come off of Roosevelt because you ramped down towards delivery and they would move onto the Lincoln and ramp back up there. Instead of ramping up in the -- inside the shipyard, we're starting to ramp up over at the Naval base. I would say that what's happening to us right now is less about the people that are in the yard and it's more about our hiring rates and what our expectations are for the whole business. The reality is, and I had a chance to tell the President this yesterday, that over the next 5 years, we plan to invest nearly $1 billion in our corporate -- in our Navy business across the whole corporation. We will hire more than 10,000 people, and we will be investing $0.5 billion in the training of those folks. And we are throttling that right now based on "let's get some certainty about what these future programs and the timing of these programs will be." And I'd say, that's probably where the first effect is, is what are we doing with our hiring rates right now? Now let's go hypothesize. We have said that if the Lincoln doesn't come at the end of March or the beginning of April, we will be in a position there where we will have to start talking about layoffs, particularly because of that program. And how many and who and all of that sort of stuff remains to be determined based on how the rest of the business plays out at that point. But yes, we would be affected at that point, and we have a couple of thousand folks working that program today.
C. Michael Petters: We do. The Navy has actually made a pretty good case. You set aside the -- I know it's hard to do for everybody, but if you just set aside the extraordinary budget process that's going on around sequester and the CR and everything, and you can actually find a way to look at the regular budget process that's going on where the budget gets submitted, the Navy defends its budget and the Congress weighs in on priorities, that process has gotten us to a place where the Congress is interested in a 10th submarine in that -- that's a 9-ship Block and they're interested in a 10th submarine, and they're interested in a 10th destroyer in the 9-ship program that we have already bid on. Both of those, to me, are indications of how important the Navy is going forward strategically. And I believe, I don't know whether those 2 platforms actually survived the extraordinary budget process, but I think that -- I believe we'll get to a contract on Block 4 by the end of the year. I do. I'm pretty comfortable with that, assuming that we get through the next month politically.
C. Michael Petters: No. But what I do know is -- what we've seen is that there's strong support for carriers, there's strong support for submarines and there's strong support for destroyers. There is also strong support for amphibs, but by the normal course of business, we were going to be entering a bit of a lull in the amphib production. LPD-27 could've been the last LPD and LHA 7, we've got under contract, and LHA 8 is out there on the horizon. The Navy has a great desire for amphibs. The Marines are looking for lift capability. But in my -- I've said this before, in my opinion, it is, despite all of that desire and demand, that seems to be where the resources start to thin, in my view. And that's one of our core businesses and that's a big thrust of our political engagement right now is around how do you sustain the amphib lines. We've got a really -- we've squared away the LPD program at Ingalls, and we've got a pretty warm production line down there right now. You've probably seen that we've come up with some creative ideas to use that hull for other missions for the Navy that would create some affordability relief, if you will, for the Navy. And so we're going to continue to push that. But that's kind of the way that I think about it, Myles, is that the Navy's priorities at the top of the list are the carriers and then, the submarines and then, destroyers and the amphibs. That's where our business sits, and we're seeing this resource discussion kind of focusing on the amphib piece, not really on the other parts.
C. Michael Petters: Frankly, I'd counter back to -- I hate to sound a little bit more like a broken record, but this is tough to handicap because the way that the sequester and the CR now are interplaying with each other and the fact that we are very much more exposed to the CR as opposed to the sequester makes that -- as we said before, the work that we have under contract is probably not going to be terribly affected by the sequester. And the work that we have under contract doesn't get really affected by the CR. So in that sense, we keep doing what we're doing for the near term, and it keeps moving things the way that they've been moving. It's the signing of new contracts going forward that is really the big issue for us, and that's really about what does this business look like in 2015, '16, and '17.
C. Michael Petters: Well, we certainly don't believe that we can be competitive if the cost structure is a Navy cost structure. So we'll have to find other ways to deal with creating a competitive cost structure for that business. And so I think you have an interesting perspective of -- this is the very beginning of this process and we will be exploring all kinds of alternatives there relative to how do we make that business -- in order to be successful, how do we make it competitive.
C. Michael Petters: Well, thanks for your time today, folks. I think we've demonstrated that our crystal ball is no better than yours relative to the politics that are out there. And the next month is going to be a pretty dynamic time. It'll probably be a new story, if not every day, every hour between now and the end of March. And as you know, we are very, very heavily engaged in that process to the best of our ability. And the thing about our business is it shows well, there's no misunderstanding about how important our programs are. The alignment we have with the Navy relative to the importance of getting the '13 budget, the things that they are prioritizing are the things that we prioritize. And I think the President's visit to our shipyard in Newport News yesterday just demonstrates the priority that our business has and the alignment we have with our customer. We've got a political process we've got to work through over the next month, and we'll be doing that. But our core business is staying -- we're very pleased with where that is. The progress that we've made in the last 2 years, but really, over the last 5 years since Barb and I first went to Pascagoula. Our focus on safety and quality and cost and schedule continues to drive the performance of this business towards our goals in 2015. And where I sit today, I'm not backing off of that. I think that we'll fight our way through the politics, but the execution and the risk retirement and the creation of value in this business, we're very focused on and then, we keep moving ahead on that. So thanks for your engagement with us, and thanks for your time today, and we look forward to seeing you.
Barbara A. Niland: Okay. So I'm going to sound like a broken record myself, but it all depends on the timing of the ship deliveries and the timing of the payments from the customer because we'll be having big invoices after this delivery. So I won't commit that it'll be 100% cash conversion, but I will commit over a very long period of time, you can look at it that way and it works out.
Barbara A. Niland: Yes. Don't worry, we look at it all the time. But I'm not going to go out on a limb there because it'll depend on what asset returns are and things like that. But in 2014, what you see is 25%, I believe, of the pension harmonization coming into play. So that's increase in your CAS recovery over your FAS expense, so it's starting to align more. But I don't want to go out on a limb and say, yes, it's going to be positive, because I've got to take a look at whatever the returns are and I don't have that crystal ball.
Barbara A. Niland: Okay. So I'll take one on the carrier increase in sales. It's just really, it's a cost type contract, and it's just labor and material coming in. There's -- can't really say we're ahead of schedule in any way, but we're progressing well on that program. So I don't -- there's nothing special going on there, it's just timing. So as far as your question related to sales being flat, we're sticking with that story given what our expectations are in terms of the programs to get funded this year. Timing will drive a potential impact this year, but overall, don't see any issues as long as those programs are funded with our long-term projection.
Barbara A. Niland: Okay. So for your first question, the answer is yes. But for the tax, it's a combination of a lot of things on the tax. In the fourth quarter, most state taxes are done and you're doing it for the prior year and it's just an increase provision adjustment related to free spend returns. So it isn't all pension on the tax side.
Barbara A. Niland: Well, we didn't say it was or it wasn't. Mike did say it would look a little like this year, but it'll be leaning towards the 5%.
Barbara A. Niland: 236 -- I'm sorry, for the -- 2012, minimum required was $64 million and we did $172 million of discretionary, so $267 million.
Barbara A. Niland: That's a tough one to call. Pension expense drove G&A up from 2011 to 2012, and it'll really depend on what my pension expense looks like. And so I gave you ranges. So it could be close, it could be a tiny bit higher.
Barbara A. Niland: I mean -- Mike talked about that AMSEC and CMSD are probably less insulated, so it would be out of the services side for that.
