Christopher Kastner: Thanks, Mike, and good morning. As I review our second quarter financial results and provide a few updates to the full year, you may follow along with the slide presentation we included with our earnings release this morning. Beginning with our consolidated results on slide four of the presentation. Our second quarter revenue growth was particularly strong as this marks the first time since we spun that we generated revenues in excess of $2 billion in a given quarter. Revenues in the quarter of $2 billion increased 8.7% over second quarter 2017, driven by higher volumes in aircraft carriers and Navy nuclear support services in Newport News. Operating income in the quarter of $257 million increased $16 million or 6.6% from second quarter 2017. The increase was primarily driven by favorable operating FAS/CAS adjustment in the quarter compared to d same period of 2017, partially offset by lower segment operating income. Operating margin in the quarter was 12.7%. Turning to slide five of the presentation, cash from operations was $239 million in the quarter after contributing $60 million to our pension and post-retirement benefit plans, of which $50 million were discretionary contributions to our qualified plans. Year-to-date, we have contributed $84 million to our qualified plans. And as discussed previously, we expect to make a total of $508 million in discretionary contributions to our qualified plans of 2018, with the balance occurring in the third quarter. Free cash flow in the quarter was $154 million. Net capital expenditures in the quarter were $85 million or 4.2% of revenues compared to $79 million in the same period of 2017. We continue to expect capital expenditures for the year to be between 5% and 6% of revenues. We returned almost $280 million to our shareholders in the quarter by repurchasing approximately 1.1 million shares at a cost of $247 million and paying $32 million in dividends, bringing our cash balance at the end of the quarter to $398 million. Now the segment results on slide six of the presentation. Ingalls revenues in the quarter of $629 million decreased 1.6% from the same period last year, driven by decreased volumes on the NSE program and surface combatants, partially offset by increased volume on the LPD program. Ingalls' operating income of $83 million and margin of 13.2% in the quarter were down $15 million and 214 basis points year-over-year respectively, mainly due to lower risk retirement on LHA 7 and the NSE program, partially offset by higher risk retirement on the LPD and DDG programs and $12 million of income from recoveries related to a settlement involving a legacy commercial contract. Turning to slide seven of the presentation, Newport News revenues were approximately $1.2 billion in the quarter, increased 18.2% from the same period last year, mostly due to higher volumes in aircraft carriers and Navy nuclear support services. Newport News operating income of $91 million in the quarter was up $11 million year-over-year, primarily because of higher revenues. Newport News operating margin in the quarter of 7.7% was 30 basis points lower than the same period last year, primarily due to changes in contract mix. Now to Technical Solutions on slide eight of the presentation, Technical Solutions revenues of $243 million in the quarter were relatively flat to revenues in second quarter 2017. Technical Solutions operating income of $7 million and margin of 2.9% in the quarter decreased $2 million and 81 basis points year-over-year respectively, primarily because of lower performance in fleet support services. Before I turn the call back over to Dwayne for Q&A, let me address our lower than expected effective federal income tax rate for the quarter and the expectation for the full year. Our effective federal income tax rate for the quarter of 8.8% deferred from the statutory rate because of the claim for higher research and development tax credits for the post spin-off 2011 through 2015 tax years. We now expect our 2018 effective income tax rate to be approximately 17.5%. That concludes my remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Dwayne for Q&A.
Christopher Kastner: No, Doug, it's Chris. That's a really good point, Block IV will be maturing 73 will be maturing as well. So along with 79 you have both of those programs maturing. But we are still pretty comfortable with the 7% to 9% return on sales. It could fluctuate some quarters, but we are comfortable with the 7% to 9% for shipbuilding.
Christopher Kastner: Sure, I'll take the adjustments first and then I'll kick it over to Mike. There were $50 million of positive adjustments, 13 negative for net 37. 70% of that net was Ingalls.
Christopher Kastner: George, this is Chris. I may add we've three submarines in Newport News right now in availabilities. That's really not work that is consistent over the long-term, it'll be lumpy overtime. But we are still comfortable with a 3% CAGR at this point.
Christopher Kastner: Yes, I think overtime what we've said is that, as we get new ships at Ingalls, there should be less opportunity for the higher margins, as they have had over last couple of years. I still think we're comfortable with the 7% to 9% return on sales for shipbuilding.
Christopher Kastner: Yes, we don't provide free cash flow guidance, but I had discussed $100 million of pressure to where we finished last year and we finished last year around $450 million. And then just the significant swing based on our accelerated pension contribution, net pension cash of about $400 million in 2019. There are other puts and takes that will go into 2019 cash and we're coming to our plan now. So as things evolve through the year and when we get into the year-end call I'll be able to provide you more color.
Christopher Kastner: Well, don't necessarily think of it as a hole, right. The major swings for cash for us right now are our capital program, which we think makes great sense that is $1.8 billion through 2020. And then pension driven by CAS cash and FAS, so overtime as we become more fully funded, all FAS/CAS and cash should come down. We provided the information where we directionally think that is in 2018 and 2019, we'll come through the plan and we'll provide you additional guidance or additional direction for 2019 and 2020 for pension. So there is not a lot of moving parts, when you think about cash and shipbuilding, it's really capital net pension and working capital and working capital is fairly consistent. So, we really don't think of it as a hole we need to fill, it's just a normal operation of the business.
Christopher Kastner: It's a good question. The 3% CAGR is really a risk adjusted viewpoint on how things could evolve between now and 2022. If things fall perfectly, it could be more than that, but it's really a risk adjusted look at shipbuilding revenue taking into consideration all of those competitions and all of those programs.
Christopher Kastner: Yes, this is year I don't believe there was anything materially that we would address. And I don't have the specific cumulative adjustments for the first six months of the year last year versus this year in front of me. Gautam I could walk you through that later today if you like.
Christopher Kastner: Gautam, I don't right now. We're going through our planning process and I'll be able to update our analysis for pension for both 2019 and 2020 and provide that to you on the year-end call.
Christopher Kastner: Yes, Gautam, we don't - as you know, we don't provide margin guidance. What we have said, is it will be 7% to 9% return on sales in shipbuilding for the next two years.
Christopher Kastner: It's all part of that story. It's an essential part of the strategy within TS was to be successful in the DOE space, team has done an excellent job there. I think Mike's done two of the facilities here. So, if he wants to comment on it.
Christopher Kastner: Well, thanks for question Krishna and welcome. We assess issues on a quarterly basis, we have adjusted those previously on the Indiana. I don't anticipate material adjustments related to that, that both going forward, and I still believe that 7% to 9% is the right way to think about the business over the next couple of years.
Christopher Kastner: Well, you have to assess each program and each program and each ship will have its individual risk register. So there is not a path formula that's determined for each of the milestones, it's all based on the risk register on the specific ship, on that specific program, as it runs through the manufacturing cycle.
Christopher Kastner: Also timing is very important you could have six month delay on a ship, which could impact your revenue, be very successful on acquiring a ship and building the ship, but that six month delay could impact your revenue. So the 3% is really a risk adjusted answer based on knowledge of all those factors.
Christopher Kastner: Well that's all included in the 5% to 6% of sale from that shipyard of the future proceeds from the State of Mississippi.
Christopher Kastner: Current posture hasn't really changed since we came in a few years ago and described it. We're going to invest in our core business. So, large capital investment that we've been - and we're in the middle of that right now. And then when you move from capital investment to the free cash, we're going to return substantially all of our free cash to shareholders in the form of either share buyback or dividends and we have a commitment to increase our dividends every year. As far as M&A goes, we believe that our balance sheet is strong enough to - if we have opportunities to take advantage of, we'd be able to do that. That's the path we've been on. That's the path we expect to be on through 2020. I think this quarter we had a little bit more share buyback than we've had in the past, but that's completely consistent with what we said back in 2015 and we're not changing that posture at this point.
Mike Petters: Doug, we've talked about this before, really the next major event on 79 from a risk while we do quarterly EACs, our risk-retirement milestone is going to be launched. And the nominal schedule for launch is the beginning of 2020, but the team is pushing hard to get the launch done in the fall of next year. And at this time, we seem to be on track for that and we're happy about that. But we're probably not going to do any sort of major risk reassessment between now and launch.
Mike Petters: Carter on the - as far as the NDAA goes, as I mentioned, we're very encouraged and pleased with the way that Bill came out. And we look forward to the President finally signing that Bill. There is still an appropriations process that has to work through self through. I think I said before, this is the most exciting time that I've seen in shipbuilding in 30 years. And if you step back and just look at what we're doing right now. We actually have an offer into the Navy to build two aircraft carriers. Our team has an offer into the Navy to build 10 submarines. And we are in a competition for our share of 10 destroyers and that's right now their support for multi-year procurement of LPDs. So we're all very encouraged by all of this. But the way the nation makes its decisions to go and actually execute these requires both authorizations and appropriations where we're engaged in the appropriations process, but we are not through that process yet. And so, we're at a place where all the things that need to be happening or happening, but we are not across the goal line. And have been around long enough to know that you don't get points until you get across the goal line. So, as far as the longer term view, I do think that we're going to - I am encouraged to things that we're going to be able to get contracts for all of these of ships over the next year to 18 months and get that done and that's going to set the shipbuilding piece of our business up for the next 5 to 10 years and I am very encouraged about that. But we're not done yet and before we look at the scoreboard, we're going to keep trying to get first balance.
Mike Petters: Yes, George, I think that we talked about the 3%, we talked about it over several year period. Yes, we've had a couple of good quarters, but we're comfortable with our 3% estimate over a longer timeframe.
Mike Petters: Yes, I think in the main it's - I'd say it's in the same box, but it's in the different part of the box. Because I think the Navy came to this solicitation this is my perspective, but they came to - this time around they came with a view that they're trying to figure out how to get quantity as well as value out of this Block by considering that it's also is a radar upgrade. And so we actually had to price several different scenarios of schedules and quantities of ships complementary between our yard and our competitor's yard. And I can't speak to the Navy's evaluation process, but I think they were looking at all of those different scenarios and trying to figure out how to optimize their return. For us, it created a circumstance in the proposal that basically if you want the ships faster, there is an opportunity to do that. And so it's just going to be interesting to see how this all turns out on the backend. But I think where we're going to be like I said we're going be in the same box, but I think this is going to be a case where the industrial base is trying to support the Navy from a quantity standpoint. And I think that's going to be pretty good, however it turns out. And it's going to be pretty good for at least for us. It's going to be pretty good no matter how it turns out.
Mike Petters: Yes, share repurchase is an essential part of our strategy that we kicked off in 2015 where first we invest in our shipyards, n we're investing $1.8 billion in our shipyards through 2020. And then returning substantially all free cash flow back to shareholders. What we did in Q2 is consistent with that strategy and we're going to continue to execute it. Relative to raising debt, we don't necessarily need to do that for our pension contribution in Q3, we have our cash balance of I think $398 million and we have a $1.3 billion revolver. So, we have a strong balance sheet that we can deal with that.
Mike Petters: Yes, I would just - as Chris said, this is an essential part of our TS strategy. And I would kind of offer that in my over 30 years in the business. I have watched this over 30 years try to chase down some of this business with really only one success and that was at Savannah River. At the end of 2016, we reorganized the business and we created a separate division and we created and established new leadership lines. And we became much more focused on going after that business. And since that time, we have become - we're on the team at the Nevada test site. We are subcontractor to the team at Los Alamos on the M&O contract. And we're the prime for the Los Alamos legacy clean-up. So, in basically 18 months we've won three awards where after 30 years we had only won one. So, I am excited about where we're going with that business. And as I said, and Chris has said, it's an essential part of where the TS business profile is going to go, not just over the next couple of years, but really over the next several decades. We're a principle partner now with Department of Energy and we're proud to be there and very supportive.
Mike Petters: Yes, like as Chris said Ron this is the 3% is kind of risk adjusted. We're not home on the two carriers, we're encouraged but we're not there. On the submarine business the 10 ship Block V contract is one we're working on. Congress is considering adding a couple of ships to that, but not sure how that's going to play out. The destroyer business is 10 ship competition so there's share of 10 ships with an option for five more, not really sure how that's going to play out. There's desire to go to multi-years on the LPD, the LXR program, the LPD Flight II, but we're not at that point yet either. And the frigate competition is in end of next year RFP and maybe a 2020 award so we're really way up in front of that. And so our view of it is as that, Chris said if all of those things break our way it's definitely more than 3%, but as we step back and handicap where we think that things are going to go with some confidence from a risk standpoint we think 3% is a good number to work from right now. If some of these things start to break our way and we see a different number and see it and make an adjustment we'd be happy to let you know.
Mike Petters: Sure, you saw it when you were here, we have made pretty significant capital investment to reduce the cost of 79 and we targeted a pretty significant man hour reduction just in the labor side of that contract between 78 and 79 we see opportunity to continue to advance those reductions when you go to 80 and 81. Especially if you happen to have it in a two ship contract where you're able to just have the teams move from doing the work on 80 and going right over and doing the work on 81. Shift gears if you're able to do that inside of the shipyard you ought to be able to do that in the supply chain as well and approaching the market and approaching our suppliers and talking to them about buying two ships that's worth the material as oppose to one should create some efficiencies for us there. And then, as we go through and I think Ron when you were here we talked with you all like we've talked with everybody about the digital transformation that's going on in Newport News and how you bring the technologies that are out there to bear on this pretty complex manufacturing enterprise, we believe there's opportunities there as well. And the real push for the two carrier contract is to create that stable floor so that we can then go and prosecute all of those efficiencies and opportunities. So as I keep saying we're very encouraged about where we are today. If we had - if you were able to do us time lapse and say a year ago today we were preparing a one ship proposal for the Navy for CVN 80. Today we have a proposal into the Navy for CVN 80 and 81 and we are seeing and encouraged by a lot of broad support both inside the Navy and across river and the Congress for proceeding down that path. We think that sets the foundation for affordably producing and delivering aircraft carriers in the future and we're really excited about what that means for us.
Mike Petters: We do had delivery of NSC 7 this year and then we're moving down the path on delivery of the other two boats, DDG 117 and LHA 7 towards the back half of this year, the first half of next year. And then we have incremental milestones on a number of ships that we'll assess on a quarterly basis.
Mike Petters: Yes, we have a pretty discipline process, where we - when we come off a contract we map all of the risk that we see to the milestones in the program. And we evaluate at each milestone, we evaluate whether we actually retired that risk or not and if not, can we continue the work to retire that risk at the next milestone or another milestone. Or do we have to actually recognize that we didn't retire that risk. Every program has its own profile, we tend to be conservative in that regard. And so I'd say - and that sort of the blend that we have been talking about for almost eight years now. That early in programs, we tend not to go and recognize risk retirement, we don't want to recognize it before we know for sure we have retired it. So, there is probably a bias towards the backend of programs, but each one has got its own profile, as Chris said.
Mike Petters: Yes, we actually think that we're in a pretty unique position right here, because if you step back just a little bit and look at what happened in the FY 2018 process and now what's happening in the FY 2019 process, with regard to shipbuilding, there is a pretty good surge, that's why I'd say it's the most exciting time I have seen. In these two years there is a surge for ship authorizations and appropriations, each program has its own path and sequence for playing it, for win you actually go to contract for the particular ships. But the issue that I think that makes us a little bit unique in the industry is it, this two year window is really special for shipbuilding. There is a big question really about what happens out in 2020, sequestration kicks back in, what happens after that. Our view is that a lot of the work that we're going to get under contract before 2020 puts us in a pretty unique place. If you see the same kind of activity in 2020 and 2021 and follow-on, than that's just going to be even better for the business. But we're - we think that - I think I have described it before, are we going to be at a new - is this an indication of a new sustained level for the business or is this just going to be the rat and the snake where we have a lump in the business that we're going to work through over the next five to ten years. The job right now is to get the lump under contract and then we'll go figure out how do we keep it at that sustained level.
Mike Petters: Well, I mean, the work share is a little bit different than it is on Virginia Class. We will not be delivering any of those ships whereas we deliver half of the Virginia Class programs. We will be building units and we're doing design work for those. Our scope on Virginia is about half, our scope on Columbia is less than that and we're going to be moving into a lead ship environment for ship that's really 100% new. And so for the next period of time next few years we're going to be in the design phase moving into construction. And we're going to be incredibly as supportive as we can be to make this program as much of a success from the gate - from the opening gate as we can. But I don't think you want to just turn around and say it's the same as Virginia and it's just the expansion of volume I think that would be a misread. This is a new program and I think you need to treat it as a new program.
Mike Petters: Yes, I think that's completely driven by whatever assumptions you want to pick. And it could be something as simple as are there going to be any options picked up on the Destroyers or not. Is the RFP for the Frigate going to come out on time, is it going to be only one builder and they're going to make that award on time. And I think you start getting into a top line guess based on and it's driven entirely by your assumption. So I don't know that there's much value in trying to do that. Our view is that we've looked at all of that we think that right now the best way to position the business and to talk about where the business is going is that from a risk adjusted standpoint 3% seems to make sense. As I mentioned before if a couple things start to break our way and it changes our view we would be happy to describe that with you and discuss it with you.
Mike Petters: Actually, I have no indication. We've submitted our offer. What was unique about the proposal was that we actually put - we actually price several scenarios and the scenarios included building more than half and building less than half of those programs. So, then the Navy will go and they will make their choice. And since we priced all of that, I think that this is one of those - it's a unique situation because I think the Navy bid per quantity on a pedestal with cost in this competition. And I think that's good for the whole industry. And we will see how it turns out.
Mike Petters: No. I don't think it would be any more than what you've seen in the past. But I - yes, and let's just leave at that.
Mike Petters: Well, thanks everybody for joining us on the call this morning. As I mentioned, this is an exciting time for our business. Not only is it the most exciting time that we've seen in shipbuilding in 30 years, but we have feeling that growth now in our TS division that with a couple of key wins in the DOE business and our footprint in the UUV business. We really see that some of the seeds we planted a few years ago are starting to sprout. And we're very encouraged by that. And we look forward to the rest of the year and for the years to come. Thank you all very much for joining us. Bye.
