Tom Steely: Sure. Thanks, Myles. I'll take that. Tom here. Sure. So as we've been kind of guiding and as we get into the out year this year, the portfolio is maturing. The ships are getting deeper into their build cycles. We're getting deeper into prime. We're seeing -- and we're getting more ships as we've highlighted in the past in deliveries into '22, '23, '24 time frame from where we've come from. So we're seeing additional progressing and improvement in working capital in the out years and then a higher conversion rate as we released retentions and run through the deliveries of those ships. So, I'm with you that there's a couple of years that we're playing catch-up actually and the bridge I've given here in half of Page 10 actually kind of shows that there's some headwinds that we have in working capital exiting '21 going into '22. The working capital actually gets a little bit worse. And on the top end of our range, almost 8% in the high 7s. But then as we get into '23 and out, we actually see that turn back and become favorable for cash and cash contribution as we work off the progress of the ships and we deliver the ships there.
Tom Steely: No. No, I think what we've highlighted, long term, I mean, as we work the ships off, have the collections and then deliver, the margin and free cash flow will gravitate into a one-off. You'll see years where there's some pressure on that as the maturity of the enterprise as a whole is on the front end of the cycle. And then as we kind of move a little bit more on the back end of the cycle, we've accumulated this backlog of $48 billion. And now that we're kind of heavy in the ramp-up of pushing that work through the state here, hiring up and then achieving the progress, you'll see that swing backwards to favorability both in 2023 and 2024.
Tom Steely: So Ron, it's Tom here. And consistent with the notes I gave you, actually, if you pull a line out, the organic growth year-over-year was flat. So we can walk you through that on the side if, for some reason, you see something that's driving a different way on that. We did have some pressures unmanned, although we feel positive about that business and we've highlighted that we think that's going help. Although the budget is smaller right now. We think that's going to be a high-growth area on the Navy side of the budget, probably fast-growing if there's any account that they have there. We did see that the appropriations and the awards were delayed and we've been foreshadowing that, that's going to be pushed out to the summer into the full time frame in 2022. So that actually stymied the organic side of TSD. From Alion perspective, though and you can work yourself through the -- in the K through the pro forma information that we gave, they actually had a stellar year last year from a growth perspective. They were up 23% from 2020 to 2021. And consistent with what we've highlighted at '18, '19, '20, they were in the teens from a growth perspective. We've incorporated that into our TSD $1 billion business. And within the $2.6 billion, we feel comfortable about the growth rates that we've been highlighting there from 7% to 9% for at least 2024. So also, as I noted in my opening comments, whether it was in Q3 for the first 9 weeks or through Q4 and Q3, Q4, the run rates have been consistent. They've been slightly kind of moving out there where we thought they would be to date. And as I've highlighted with the actuals at $507 million, with that run rate itself, it needs about 11% growth to kind of make the $1.6 billion of the $2.6 billion that we're highlighting for TSD division for 2022. So very comfortable with Alion to date, although you're always good at your next bid and win, so they have to go do that. And then from the other side, Andy Green has restructured his business over there. He's got his leaders aligned. He's getting some synergy of combining the leadership and resources with the organic TSD. And we're watching closely how unmanned unfolds to see the growth in that area.
Tom Steely: Yes. So from the previous quarters, we were kind of highlighting that, that was a possibility there, much as we've seen the CapEx come down from 3.6% in 2020. And last year, it finished up at 3.3%. We're guiding to about 2.5%. More recently, because of our taking a look at -- we're evaluating both the current submarine requirements as well as future anticipated awards that are coming down on Block VI -- Block V, Block VI, the Columbia class follow-on, we're in discussions with our Navy customer on these requirements. And there is a need for additional investments for the submarine industrial rates, specifically infrastructure and some tooling. We would partner with the Navy on that investment. And with capital incentives, we would be moderately increasing our CapEx to now the forecasted range of 2.5% to 3% and that would run out over the next several years. Again, we would only go forward with the customer assistance. And to be clear, we'd only move forward if the investment made sense and we just had an appropriate return against it. This is a minor change that we've incorporated into the business plan but it is considered in the forecast of the $3.2 billion free cash flow, the generation through 2024 that we've reconfirmed.
Tom Steely: Sure. So for Q4, we saw a net of $10 million favorability, $45 million favorable and $35 million unfavorable. And the net debt of the $10 million was basically attributable to a split between Ingalls and TSD.
Tom Steely: So yes, thanks. I appreciate the question. It's Tom here. So yes, from the working capital perspective, you are right. The bar there shows $200 million, so there is a lift there both in the volume and then the expected returns from the $7.7 billion drop that we gave you for shipbuilding. It's now the range that we have here. So you can do the quick math of that and it's about 1/4 of that, although -- for that. The rest is either in working capital which is the preponderance of it. And there is a piece, even though the CapEx is not at the 2.5% but 2.5% to 3% on the low end of the range, there is a little bit of a push there. We did put it on the chart kind of going forward. The CapEx could be $10 million to $20 million on a run rate cheaper going forward on that. The working capital itself, the way I kind of look at that, as I mentioned, is we see a drag from the working capital leaving '21 going into '22 by about $100 million in additional working capital. And then that reverses itself to over $300 million. I mean it's both the bar there as well as what's kind of sitting in the advanced progress and the FICA repayments, that's a give back there, too. And that comes about through both contracts -- working capital that we have as well as the trade working capital. So, you can work yourself through that. It does improve, as I said, significantly from '22 to '23 and we find the sums going from the top end of the range in '22 of the 6% to 8%. So actually, with cap incentives, it actually kind of gets us even below the bottom end of that 6% range in '23 with a slight improvement going forward in '24.
Tom Steely: Yes. So to date, we give our outlook against the enterprises, so we don't kind of break that up between both Ingalls or Newport News. As I kind of mentioned earlier a little bit, it is the ships that we have in the contract, working them through the EAP processes, the registers burning down risk. As we get deeper into the build cycle, the additional progress, payments clause allows us to have more collections. And with the bringing down on risk, we'll have high booking rates as we get into more deliveries in the out years. So I mean, that's the essence of it.
Tom Steely: Sure. Yes, it is a more precise range than we gave last year. Last year, we started out at 7% to 8% and then we narrowed that in Q3 to 7.5% to 8% and it came in at 7.7%. And although that range was probably a safe -- a conservative range, we went up on the top end of that range. We did see -- foresee that, that could happen but we wanted to see that the play out with COVID. So that was why we did that. I think going into 2022, we didn't want to give a really wide range. We felt we'd be a little bit more transparent where we think the year is going to land. We feel comfortable that from where we exited at 7.7% for shipbuilding, we know the work we're doing, the backlog that's coming on board which isn't really going to influence 2022 that much. But the work we're doing, the serial production, the lessons learned that Mike and Chris have talked about, we feel strong about that kind of going forward. The -- COVID could have an impact on the revenue but the cost efficiency and how we're operating right now, we feel good about and we think that this is going to be a lift. We've been guiding that we're going to march our way back up and we think that's still in sight here right now. The portfolio mix, as we've said on, what we take it behind us on DCS in the mix, so that's going to slow the march back but it's still the march back up for high of -- from where we thought we'd be. So we feel good about it right now. As we work -- as we get into the year and work down the risk, we'll see that we'll realize that, right? Now specifically, what we see happening here is with more deliveries in '22, '23 and '24 than where we came from in '18, '19, '20, with the ships as we're building them with the lessons learned in serial production and there are a couple of ships in the next year or so uniquely contracted and higher incentives, I think of like DDG-125, for example, that was a modified plateau. We incorporated in ECP a unique -- uniquely how we contracted that with incentives on the schedule side of it. So there's a couple of nuances in the ships that we believe are going to be -- provide additional margin, say, than a normal ship. But we have line of sight of that right now and we feel comfortable on that outlook of 8% to 8.1%.
Tom Steely: We didn't provide that guidance. I would tell you, it's pretty flat. I mean, I think, obviously, Q1 is going to be light. And then from there, we'll see how it plays out. But after we get out of Q1, it's not a significant driver from quarter-to-quarter there.
Tom Steely: So they were planned happening last year. I will tell you, though, that just as we go over the goal line, some of the milestones don't specifically bring margin immediately. Depending on where we finished in the quarter, there's an EAC and hot wash that we do and it could be both a subsequent fourth quarter. Even though they will bring a couple of dollars that goes into the mix against the portfolio. So when you really -- out of all the math, you're not going to see a big drive in one specific quarter like that. But it is a slight lift and that's probably at more accretive. So the 7.7% last year without them coming into this year bolsters our outlook and our perspective on what 8% to 8.1% looks good.
Chris Kastner: Myles, it's Chris. I think you're getting into a new normal from a free cash flow generation standpoint up at those elevated levels. So it just naturally gets there.
Chris Kastner: Yes. No. Doug, this is Chris. Actually, it's pretty encouraging from a module standpoint in Newport News last year. They met their commitment on module, so they're getting some stability in the manufacturing organization in Newport News. So it's pretty stable. Missed the milestones at the end of the year related to Montana and New Jersey but those will happen here momentarily. But they're pressing towards getting back to a 2-tier cadence; the team is very focused on it.
Chris Kastner: Ron, from a market standpoint, I mentioned some significant opportunities that we have bid on and will bid on in the first part of the year. I don't want to comment on the specific items because they're competitive but there -- it's broadly across ISR, advanced training, cyber-intel. And then we have unmanned opportunities that were delayed from last year that will come out this year. So it's pretty broad within growth markets that Alion and the legacy TSD are engaged in.
Chris Kastner: Yes, that's a good question. There's some -- some really -- some positive indicators related to Omicron where we're cautiously optimistic. We only had 20 outs in Newport News or 20 folks that had the virus earlier this week and attendance is improving and that's half the battle. So getting the attendance back to stability, we have a predictable labor force to execute on the program. So it was really nirvana for a shipbuilder. So that's half the battle. The other half is we need to hire north of 5,000 people. So I don't want to get into attrition and splitting it by the shipyards. But we're pretty good at building a workforce relationships with our apprentice schools, community college, high schools. We think we can meet that commitment. It's going to be a challenge but we think we can build that workforce in order to achieve our sales guidance.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So remember, we did take a charge on Block IV. So there could potentially be some upside in Block V. The team is very focused on early module fabrication. We met our commitments this year in that regard. And the best thing about kind of the rhythm we're getting there on the VCS program is you're training a team, right? And you're training a team to deliver one afloat off one every year. That team is going to roll right on to Block V. So if we can get predictable performance, that's really the place you want to be in shipbuilding with -- in serial production. So we just need to keep the positive momentum going.
Chris Kastner: We don't have that specific information for you. We don't really provide guidance at that level. But deliveries on Block IV happen 1 a year for the next 3 years after we get through Montana and then we'll transition. So it will slowly evolve into more Block V revenue.
Chris Kastner: Yes. Yes. Some progress there, small and medium, we think will both be awarded late Q1, early Q2, really after the budget is agreed upon. So we'll know a lot more after small and medium size are awarded. We're making good progress on XL. We shipped our first modules to Boeing, so it's critically important we get that ship -- or that boat -- or Boeing gets that boat in the water to start demonstrating its capability. So, reasonable progress in unmanned and we'll know a lot more this year.
Chris Kastner: So, we think -- this is Chris, Gautam. I think the book-to-bill will be north of 1 based on the significant opportunities we have there. If the CR extends too far into the year, there could be some pressure on the top line. But we're pretty comfortable. With our pipeline and the significant opportunities we're bidding on and the markets that we're in, we're pretty comfortable with Alion in Technical Solutions.
Chris Kastner: Yes. With south of that, I don't have that specific information in front of me. So Tom, if you have it, go ahead.
Chris Kastner: Remember, George, those are Block IV boats and we did take a charge on those. So the opportunity for risk retirement is reduced.
Mike Petters: Sure. I'll take that. I appreciate that. Thanks, Doug. So yes, we gave some color on how 2020 finished out against 2019. And when you look at each year, specifically depending on how that material and labor hits at the quarter close of each year, it can sway how the trend line looks. If you think about the shipbuilding we finished off 2019, just on the $7.8 billion, we had thought 2020 would be about $8 billion but we had a strong, strong fourth quarter in 2020. We actually closed out in shipbuilding at $8.250 billion, $8.25 billion in that. So that was almost a 6% year increase on that. So that material kind of slid in a little bit earlier than we thought it was going to be in '21 to '20. So the trend line that we have here is at $7.8 billion and $8.2 billion. And then last year, although we highlight a 3% medium to long term, with the movement just kind of accelerating into the 2020 time frame that have shrunk a couple of hundred million dollars out of 2021. We did see pressures because of both Delta and Omicron at the end of 2021 which kind of pushed down. We saw -- although Newport News was a slight growth outlook, about $50 million in air sales. Ingalls was up about $150 million under and that was primarily driven either from a planning perspective, things were accelerated on the material side and some pressures on the labor on the back end. So it is true that if you look at 2020 and 2021, you're looking at $8.250 billion and then at $8.191 billion. We actually backed up $50 million in shipbuilding itself for 2021. Now relative to the range and your question of $8.2 billion to $8.5 billion, we're seeing right now problems with the virus and Omicron lightening right now. The case rates are going down at a quick pace at the beginning of this year. And if that sustains itself and we have a normal run rate year in 2020 and then '21 were both impacted with the virus in case rates. But if we see a normal year right here, we still think that $8.5 billion for shipbuilding which is a clean over 3.5%. -- clean 3% on the actual would be about at $8.436 billion. So that's why we've given you a range of $8.2 billion to $8.5 billion. I think $8.5 billion is a clean year. And for some reason COVID runs through the entire year or there's another variant, we could still see another flat year. The pressure would manifest itself on the labor side, right? So we do see some disruption at the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022. On the labor side, we have hiring plans. We know how to go do that. Our human capital is the most important resource that we have. So we've been successful over the years in being able to establish our labor plan, hire, train, retain. And we just got to put our head down and that could happen this year. I do believe that the pressures that we see in my opening notes in Q1 that we see at the beginning of the first quarter, Q1 was going to be a low quarter anyway and then a little bit light because of the labor are recoverable this year as well in both perspective. If you're concerned about that, if you strike the line and we always say, it's lumpy, whether it's cash or even on the revenue side. So you can kind of look at it from quarter-to-quarter EBIT from 1 year to another year stuff. But if you look at from 2017 using that as the base of shipbuilding at $6.6 billion, the CAGR on that over 4 years is 5.5%. If you use 2018 as the base, the CAGR on that is 3.7%. And even using these 2 years where we had an acceleration in 2020 and then a little flatness in 2021 because of COVID is a 2.4% CAGR. So I mean, we're being transparent in the notes that although we believe that shipbuilding is still 3%. And as I said, over the last 4 years, it's 5.5%, the last 3 years, it's 3.7%. But we believe it's sustainable that we can get 3% long term. We moderated just slightly and did guide to a range of $8.2 billion to $8.5 billion.
Mike Petters: Yes. Ron, it's also consistent with the 2 per year, plus the next phase of the Columbia class. If they were to accelerate to 3, then there'd be initial investment that would be required.
Mike Petters: Seth, we're pretty good at hiring people. We hired that -- almost that much last year; we'll actually hire north of that this year. So yes, we're pretty good at this; it's -- we -- my boss considers it a core competency and so do I.
Mike Petters: Yes. I will say, David, just I agree with Tom that it's really the maturity of the ships that Newport news are going to drive a lot of that earnings growth.
Mike Petters: Yes. We do have the mod on the Kennedy. I got an old aircraft carrier program manager here that hasn't answered a question, so I'm curious if he wants to jump in here on the aircraft carriers, then I'll jump in after.
Mike Petters: Yes. So we don't have a specific learning curve on Kennedy at this point. We just figured -- extended the schedule for the single-phase delivery. They're heavily into the volume work on the ship. They're miles ahead in some systems and making really good progress. So I'm comfortable with where they're at financially but I don't have a specific learning curve for you right now, George.
Mike Petters: This is my last earning call. I just want to take the opportunity to say thank you, again, to all of the folks that I've had the opportunity to work alongside with the last 35 years. It's been a privilege for me to serve as CEO of this company for so many years and I frankly have enjoyed working with each and every one of you in the financial community, in the business, in our customer set. And I do appreciate your research and thoughtful questions, even if I didn't say so at the time. I've learned a lot. I would hope that maybe you've learned a little along the way. But as we look forward and as you can tell by today's call, our company is in very good hands with Chris and the senior leadership team. And I am confident that HII has a very bright, bright future. Thanks for joining us on today's call. I hope that you and your families continue to stay safe and healthy. We appreciate your time and your continuing interest in our company. Thank you very much.
