Michael Petters: So we'll start with the LXR program, because I think that's kind of centerline of good news here. The Navy in their budget request they've identified LXR as a program that stays inside the fit-up, and they've actually -- I think they've got it set for the first ship procurement in 2020 I think. But the main thing there is last year we went through a decision process, the Navy made a critical decision to say that the LXR program is going to be based on the LPD haul. And then last year we had the first round of funding for LPD 28. We've now gone through and completely funded LPD 28, which is sort of a transition, if you will, from the production run of LPDs on a path to the LXR. So from my standpoint this is all really good news, because we have a very efficient path to keep the amphibs moving. I've said for five years now that the amphibs are in the scrum, really when it comes to some of this funding. And I think the Navy and the Marine Corp have shown their commitment to the program and we're excited about that, and when it shows up in the President's request, that's a further validation of the importance of the program. It's consistent with the Navy's plans for making it proceed in an efficient way, and it aligns with the way that we're thinking about the business in terms of that production line. So we're excited about that. We have the opportunity to really capture the efficiencies of serial production, which we've been trying to do across all of our programs. On the Ohio Replacement Program, I've been pretty vocal about, we've got the find a separate source of money, we got to find more money for the shipbuilding budget to handle the Ohio Replacement Program, because it could and it's big enough, so that it would crowd out other shipbuilding. I think this is going to be a discussion that we're going to have for the next five to 10 years, really, is how we're going to pay for the program and how comfortable can we do it inside of the Navy's budget. But this first-go round is a great indication that it's going to happen, that it's going to happen and that the other programs are going to stay on track. And so we are very pleased with the way that came out. Now, there's a lot of discussion about different kinds of mechanisms to fund this and from our standpoint we're somewhat agnostic about whatever the mechanism is. What we really need to see is that the funding is there without affecting other programs, and that's what happens in this budget and that's what looks like is happening in the Navy's plan by and large. With regard to the icebreaker, we're on the front-end of that program. We're still at the point of our customers that are out there, trying to set their requirements. And setting their requirements and setting the pace for the program are things that are always kind of influx right now. It's clear there is a commitment to the program. It's a program that we're very interested in and we've been in dialogue to understand what those requirements are and to position ourselves to be able to participate in that program and support the Coast Guard's plans when they go forward. So all of that is good news for us.
Michael Petters: Yes, it's going to be quarter-by-quarter. I mean the dynamics in that marketplace have been pretty volatile just in the past 30 days. And our commitment here is to maintain the relationships we have with those critical customers out there that are in that space. And that means that we've got to preserve capabilities that those customers are going to need. We are winning our share of the work that is out there, but it's not going to be worked, it's going to kick-in until the end of this year or next year. And so the time facing of that is something that we just got to fight our way through quarter-by-quarter. I wish it were different, I wish it were a different way, but our commitment here is to those customer relationships and we're going to do what we have to do to make sure we get that right.
Michael Petters: Sure. We talked in November about both the commercial nuclear space as well as the government services space. And in government services, there is both support of the fleet around the world as well as participating in the Department of Energy areas. So commercial nuc, and let's start with that, we're supporting the project that Southern Company and Westinghouse are constructing down at the Vogtle plant. And so we're proud of the performance that we have there. And our hope is that as that market starts to expand, we have an opportunity to do some more in that space. We're navigating our way through the creation of the design and the regulatory oversight of the NRC to make sure we get all that right. And so we've done great work there so far and we're hoping that can turn that into something bigger than what we've got today. In the Department of Energy space, I think the biggest thing that's on the horizon right now is out of Hanford. But there the Nevada National Security site is coming up, we've made a bid on that and we're partnered with Honeywell and Jacobs. And of course in the DOE space there is always a lot of those things going on and a lot of different teams be informed and moving around. So that's a little bit tricky to try to handicap the timing of some of these things in the way that they get awarded. But we're very happy with the way that SN3 has kind of stepped into that market space now and is creating the alliances we need to be successful in that space. And then supporting the Navy around the world; we're watching and participating as the Navy continues to be on call. Longer deployment cycles are putting pressure on maintenance cycles, and support from both an engineering and planning perspective that our folks at AMSEC are very deeply involved in, and so especially as the Navy continues to be forward deployed, we are forward deployed with them. And today, we have a 100 people supporting the Navy in Japan, for instance, and so we're around the world there doing those kinds of things to support them, and that's really a services as the need comes up kind of business. Our expectation is that the demand for that is going to go up. And so I'm not sure, I can put a specific target out there as in terms of a date on that space or a specific program in that space, but I am a believer that the demand for the Navy is going to drive that market.
Michael Petters: Well, I'm not sure I would use the word undisciplined, but I would say that the next carrier will not be, from a cost and schedule performance perspective, will not be like Ford. Ford was a lead ship. We've talked many times about the challenges that lead ships have. This was a particularly challenging project because of the major insertion of technology into the platform. We basically kept the haul and redesigned everything else in that ship. And so today, what we have is we have ship that's built. The ship is completed. We're in a test program now that's going to drive us through the first half of this year. What we have done though, when you build a lead ship, as we've talked about, that lead ship is it's your first production unit, but it's also your first prototype. That is the prototype, and that's where you -- in prototypes you test out your build plans, your test out your training plans for your employees, you test out the tooling that you have, you test out your supply chain. You're basically testing everything. In the course of that testing, you learn things. And what we have is a very extensive process for capturing those lessons learned and applying them to CVN-79. And Doug, as you know, we signed a contract for CVN-79 in the middle of last year, which frankly reflected, a lot of that learning. Some of that learning is capital that we need to invest to drive the efficiencies. And so that's part of our capital plan going forward is to invest to support that program. But there will be a substantially fewer man hours required to build CVN-79 than what we took on CVN-78. The other thing I would say is that there is a broader discussion going on about capability and capacity, which is really interesting to see part of. In the Navy's parlance, this isn't a light switch where you go from one to the other, it's really -- these things take a long time. If you go back a decade ago, CVN-78 was not the only lead ship program out there. The carrier was a new design program. We, at 10 years ago, we were coming through the first new submarine at Newport News. Texas was our first delivery of a submarine in 10 years. So we were kind of on just at the very beginning of clearing up the lead ship kinds of issues in the submarine program. The LHD program was a new design program. The LHA program was a new design program. The DDG-1000 was a new design program. The LPD program was a new design program. So 10 years ago, the navy was basically redesigning all of the shifts in its fleet. Every one of those programs on the front-end went through the first ship of a class kind of perturbations that you got to work through when your first ship is a -- your first production unit is also your prototype. Ford actually is the biggest of those ships and has taken the longest to come through that. But now if you go and look at the sequence of things that are in the Navy's budget today, the carrier is not a new design ship anymore, the Virginia-class program is a gold standard for serial production and technology insertion into a mature platform. The DDG-51 program has been restarted and we're back into serial production on that program. We are now coming through the -- we're in the second ship of the LHA class. Have come through all of the design challenges that LHA-6 had and LHA-7 is performing fine. The LHA-8 is in the budget. And you can just take down every one of the programs that Navy has today are all mature programs that are basically in serial production. And the most important thing that we have to do is keep that moving. So from my standpoint, the capability versus capacity discussion is the really interesting one, but it's different for the Navy because the horizon is so much further way in ship building than it is in anything else, and that's why I am so happy about where we are with the budget, because it definitely shows the Navy's commitment to preserving these production lines and keeping not just the capacity out there, but the capability out there as well.
Michael Petters: That's a great question, Doug, and pretty insightful. Without commenting on the competition what I would say is that remind you that in our shipyards we build multiple classes of ships and so when we think about putting capital investment in the shipyards, most of the capital investment that we put in is designed for multiple classes of ships and so we're focused on those processes and those things that are going to be common across different classes. It's not uncommon, but it's lesser and it's a lesser investment for us to turn around and say we're going to invest in a facility that can only be used for A platform or A class of ship. And so given that, we step back and we don't look at necessarily -- we are investing and improving the performance in the LPD program and we are investing in those kinds of facilities that would help us to be successful in the T-AO program, should that be our program, but it's not. We're not looking at making a specific investment to chase a specific program at this point. So that's kind of the way we think about it and that's why we talked about this investment over the next five years, this $1.5 billion. This is a generational reset for our businesses and we're going to end up building classes of ships in these capital facilities that are not even on the drawing board right now.
Michael Petters: Well, on the second issue, it's a cost type contract, and so in terms of reserve release it's going to be pretty insignificant. As far as the schedule goes, I don't even want to put any sort of a stake on the ground in terms of saying this is what we're going to go do. The bottomline is that we're testing the ship, and the ship as I was told 20 years ago when I was doing career construction, the ship will leave when it's ready. We're doing everything we can to get the ship out. We expect that to happen in the middle of the year. There is a sequence from builders' trials to delivery that we go through, and so the team down there is committed to getting it done as quickly as possible. As I said earlier, the ship is complete. We're testing systems now that have been installed, and not only are we testing the systems themselves, kind of, is the system working the way that it was designed to work, we're also testing does it work with the other systems the way its supposed to work too. And as a lead ship, all of this integration is a big challenge for us. And the Navy and the company are working through this with probably the best team in the business to get it done. And so like I said, I don't want to commit to any specific date on the schedule, what I'm going to tell you is it's going to go as quick as we can get it out.
Michael Petters: Yes, I think you have all the essential elements there, George. Those are the large drivers. I don't see much moment in working capitals. It's fairly balanced through the year. So I think you have it. We don't provide guidance, of course, and payments could move beyond the quarter and through yearend, which would drive it a bit on some of our larger contracts, but I think you have the essential elements.
Michael Petters: Yes. We don't break anything out by program and so probably not going to do much to help you with the trade-off between $78 million and $79 million. But our commitment is that our core ship building business, over the year, is going to perform at 9%-plus. As Chris pointed out in his comments, there is going to be some lumpiness there and the Ford in the first half of the year is going to have pressure in it. There is no other way to say it. But across the whole business for the whole year, we're going to be at 9%-plus.
Michael Petters: Well, we won't comment specifically about any particular opportunity. We've got our radar up and we're looking around, the question is how do you value anything and how does it fit in with the strategic view of the organization? As I again, have said from time to time, the first question we ask ourselves is that why would we be a better owner of that business? I mean you got to get through that before you can do anything else. We laid out at the Investor's conference, we laid out some very specific filters that, or hurdles, if you will, that you have to get over for any transactions. And we're insistent that we're going to stick to that.
Michael Petters: Yes, I mean, I think the challenges that our core ship building business is right now, even though, there is good things in the budget, the things that are in the budget don't manifest themselves for a few years on our program. And I think we've said for five years that the best way to think about the core ship building business that we have is that it's flat. And so I think that if you want to do the math, our commitment to buyback shares and those kinds of things are out there. But our basic business is a flat ship building business with an opportunity to do some things on the services side from time-to-time. And the earnings are going to be 9%-plus.
Michael Petters: Well, I'll let you to talk to the Navy about what there acquisition strategy for LXR might be. I do think that we are in a place in ship building where there is really a lot more allocation than there is competition, and in some cases competition actually slows down the process and/or stifles the innovation somewhat. So I think you have to kind of think our way through that a little bit. I don't exactly know how LXR will come out. We do think the decisions that have been made on LXR so far have been very smart decisions on the part of the Navy to take advantage of all the challenges that we had to fight our way through a decade ago to get these programs up to where they are today. And I think it's a really key decision not to go and start over with a clean sheet of paper and redesign that ship, and so all of those are really good. I want to make sure that I catch -- I think I might have said that LXR was a 2020 program, but I think it's really a 2021 program. And so whatever it is, it's inside the fit up and that's the most important thing is that it's not one of those bowriders that sits right outside the fit up forever. I mean it's actually in the program and the Navy is moving forward on it. So we're excited about that. If the Navy chooses to compete we'll compete. If the Navy chooses another path, we'll partner into that path and we'll go execute it, so more to come, I guess.
Michael Petters: Well, I think first of all, let's talk about the analysis of alternatives. And one thing that I think it's really important for folks -- and the Navy is going to go off and do their study, and I don't know how that's all going to turn out. However, the Navy works their way through that, we see ourselves as their principal partner in shipbuilding and we will be there to help them do whatever it is that they believe that they need to go do. Now having said that, one of the things that gets lost when you do all of these alternatives and you do this analysis is that there is a lot of metrics that get thrown around like cost per ton and things like that to try to drive more affordable solutions to a mission set. The thing that people don't get sometimes is that the cheapest thing we do is create volume. Building volume in the ship is what actually creates -- that's the cheapest thing we do, so making it large actually suddenly creates a whole lot of flexibility in the platform that you didn't have before. I'm not the metric guy, but I don't believe you can buy two-thirds of a carrier for two-thirds of a cost, two-thirds of the capability for two-thirds of a cost, I don't believe you can do that. Because the first thing you do is you start to reduce the volume, you significantly change the flexibility and the capability of the ship. And so this has been looked at many, many times. Every time it gets looked at it that we come back to this decision that we really do need the volume at sea, so we have the flexibility to go do those missions that we don't even know about right now, that we're going to need to perform for 50 years. So I'm a strong advocate for the big deck carrier. And now having said that, if the Navy chooses to go in a different path then we'll be right there and we'll help them be successful in that path.
Michael Petters: There have been a lot of discussion with the Navy on how do we manage this workload valley challenge. But the real challenge that we have is that we have these three carriers to deliver now, starting in a middle of the year and carrying over to the first part of next year. And you can do a lot of things and you can move a lot of work around, and the Navy's work with us to do that. But having said all that, we still have -- this is pretty disruptive. And so we've got to fight our way through it. The most discouraging thing about this, and I'm sure the Navy's is just discouraged about it as we are, is that on the backend of this we're going to start hiring back. Two years from now we're going to be coming right back up towards the levels where we were before we started laying people off. And the Navy works with us very closely to try to prevent those kinds of situations from happening. But this happened because of the sequester environment in Washington and the disruptions that created in long-term planning. And until we get out of that environment, we're all just doing the best we can to fight through it and preserve our skills to the best of our ability. It's no way for the greatest country on earth to run its business. And we've got to do better than that.
Michael Petters: Well, I think that you need to recognize that the Ohio-class submarine is a significantly different larger volume of work than a Virginia-class submarine, and so it might be one and one equals two, but one Ohio-class plus one-Virginia class is a significantly higher level of work for the industrial base than two Virginia-class submarines. And the other thing I would point out is that you're looking at the appropriations documents, the real question in the business is not what happens in the years when the money gets funded, what you have to work your way through is what's happening in the business as the ships get build, what do the volumes look like, what do the delivery teams look like and how do those line up. So your really 2021 is only a forecast of where you might be in '26 or '27 or '25 even, so that's kind of complexity of the challenge, but I think, it's easily, it's not even close, one Ohio-class plus one Virginia-class is significantly more work than two Virginia class.
Michael Petters: Well, I think that's it on our call list, so we'll wrap up here. I would like to thank everybody for joining us today. And I, again, would like to thank, Barb, I believe this is our 20th call together, so thank you for that, for all of your support and hard work over all these years. We had a great year in 2015. That captures and culminates nearly five years of really hard work by our team. So we'll celebrate that a little bit, but we know that we're not ever done. We have mapped out our strategy for the next five years, so that in essence positions our company for the next 25 to 35 years. In order for those plans to become reality, our focus on program execution, risk retirement and cash generation will not change. So thanks for your interest in HII and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Barbara Niland: And Pete, in Q4, slightly over half of the UPI loss adjusted for the PI and the Goodwill was related to restructuring cost associated with leases and severance.
Barbara Niland: Yes. So Chris started this now, he's going to go finish it here. But we continue to evaluate opportunities including sale. So we did competitively bid and selected a brokerage service to assist in the potential sale of real estate and other assets, while we continue to pursue restructuring. So we have had a few interested parties, so that continues to move along. In addition to that, we've been in discussions on a regular basis with our customer regarding our proposal and those discussions continue.
Barbara Niland: For the last year, the reserve was booked for that and it's all recoverable because it's part of our normal benefits package.
Barbara Niland: So for UPI, the Goodwill balance is around $29 million and the purchase intangible balance is around $4 million. At the end of the year, when oil prices continue to drop, we went back and triggered another look at our forecast. And when we look at our forecast, we decided that, hey, this has been prolonged. And originally we thought we were going to see a recovery sooner, so we look at it with a more delayed recovery. I'm not saying it can't happen, it's possible. If oil prices continue to drop, we could have a problem. But right now, I think we're in a fairly reasonable place on as far as Goodwill and purchase intangibles.
Barbara Niland: Right, well, for the quarter, we had $71 million favorable risk retirement and that was primarily related to the Virginia-class, and across the program. And in 2014 of fourth quarter, we had a lot of risk retirement related to the LPD programs that we didn't have in 2015 in this quarter. So we had $51 million in the quarter of net favorable adjustments, so none of the downers were individually significant, the uppers were primarily related to Virginia-class programs. End of Q&A
