Chris Kastner: Yes, sure. Thanks, Myles. Thanks for your question. Yes, we are achieving our hiring goals in both shipyards. So we think we've made significant progress on ensuring that we can get the people to execute the work. Attrition is not materially improving, but we're thinking about it more broadly from a labor standpoint, an execution standpoint, attrition -- excuse me, attendance and over time, both have recovered. We're performing well there. Our outsourcing programs are executing well and industrial-based funding is being applied where it's necessary to increase the industrial base. So it's not just labor. We need to execute on our programs independent of how attrition is working. We'll continue to work on our attrition issues. We'll work on salary, flexibility, recruiting in the right places. But we're having to go where labor is. We've got some interesting stuff going on in Hampton Roads, where we're actually creating manufacturing footprint in areas we hadn't before to attract labor. So we're thinking about it more holistically now. It's not just simply labor and attrition in order to meet our throughput goals.
Chris Kastner: Well, it's both actually. It's -- on LHA, it's just a significant amount of volume and labor and application of the labor to achieve those milestones. So we move that. DDG 129 is a little different. There's sequencing involved in getting to that launch, but also some impact related to labor. Now all of that is included in our financials and in our guidance, and we're comfortable with where we are.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. So we expect to put under contract over the next 6 months to 12 months and probably before the year expires actually another 21 boats with pricing that reflects the current macroeconomic environment. So it's a significant amount of work that we intend to put under contract over the back half of the year.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. Sure, I can start. I think you probably have a little bit of a compare issue from last year in that language. But obviously, you moved to two milestones, cost goes with schedule. So that impacted the quarter. And then 129 had a bit -- or excuse me, LPD 29 delivery had a little bit less risk retirement than we usually have. So Ingalls is going to continue to execute. This is just a bit of a quiet quarter for them, and I expect them to recover very quickly here.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. So I'm probably not the right person to talk about that depending on what program you're referencing. We have -- our estimates have not changed for 80%, if that's what you're referencing. And our schedules have not changed materially either. They're making good progress on 80. They're doing some very interesting things relative to ensuring that we hold on to the schedule for 81 and how we're going to build those. But I'm not really comfortable because there's been no material change between Q1 and Q2 relative to those delivery requirements or expectations.
Chris Kastner: Sure. Sure. Block IV, we're marching towards delivery on 798. We did have that minor move on the milestone, but they're making progress on the test program now. And it's a good team on it. It's a good crew. It's a good leadership. So I fully expect 798 will resolve at the beginning of next year. 800s making progress. That milestone is holding the float off the back half of this year, and then we have one more module that we have to deliver to general dynamics. And then we're making progress on Block V and they'll start to fill in behind Block IV in those -- getting into the integrated delivery and test of the Block V Virginia class boats. Block VI, we're in discussions with the government relative to negotiation of that block. I expect that to resolve this year, working closely, I think it will be a fair deal dealing with this macroeconomic environment we talk about with inflation and supply chain insurance. We have all that risk protected. The good news is we're making investments, the Navy's making investments in the industrial base in order to get at this throughput issue and we fully expect it and when we do Block VI, all of that will be wrapped into that deal, and it will be a fair deal. So that's where we stand on Virginia class.
Chris Kastner: Yes, the vast majority of it tell if you have the details, but the vast majority of it is headed in the Block 5 now.
Chris Kastner: Yeah. So capital allocation has been fairly consistent here for the last year after we started to pay down the debt. We like to be investment grade. We think that's where we need to be and where we want to be. We're going to continue to invest in our shipyards. We're going to pay a dividend. And then with excess cash, we're going to provide it back to shareholders, but we'll continue to evaluate M&A opportunities as they present themselves. And if it makes strategic and financial sense, we'll evaluate it and entertain it. So there's not really a change in our capital allocation philosophy.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So thanks, Jason. We're still comfortable with our 5% growth rate in Mission Technologies. It was a bit of a conservative guide. We've increased it for the year. And beyond that, if we can execute on the $83 billion pipeline and the book-to-bill continues to be very good, it could be north of that. And it's really broad-based across the business that each one of those business areas is executing very well. I would like to point out that there's a lot of interesting things going on in Mission Technologies. This is the first time that the Navy is going to deploy Virginia-class submarine with launch and recovery all autonomously of REMUS vehicle. And it's not just an exercise, that's full deployment to see Elmore [ph]. It's a great product, and it demonstrates the kind of the man and autonomous and man teaming that we really think about provides a lot of value for our customer. So if they continue to execute like this, they continue to execute on that backlog, and they take advantage of that pipeline, it could be north of that. But we don't want to get too far over our skis. We're going to be relatively conservative, as you would expect for us to be, but I'm very encouraged by how Mission Technologies is developing.
Chris Kastner: Great. So it's a great question, Jason. So productivity is not as it was before the pandemic. There's no getting around that. And it's related to the experience level of the team. Now do I expect it -- do I expect it to improve? Absolutely. And both teams in Ingalls and Newport News are making investments to ensure it does. And the SIB investments that you see coming out of the Navy are focused on that as well. It's not just infrastructure. It's targeted at the proficiency of the workforce as well. So I do expect it to improve. We're investing against it. We've done it before. We've seen it before, and I expect it to continue to improve as we stabilize moving forward.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So, I think that's probably a compare issue related to last year. There's no material issue that we can note related to that. It's kind of broadly across the blocks. We assess our ACs every quarter. We have to make an adjustment, we do that, plus or minus. So this is not anything individually material there.
Chris Kastner: No, not material enough to note. No. But we -- as I said, we assess our issues every quarter when we make those adjustments dictated by our evaluation in that quarter.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So, we don't guide by shipyard, but I fully expect Ingalls to continue to execute on their programs very well. But yes, we don't provide guidance by our shipyards.
Chris Kastner: Yes, I think they're supporting their identification allocation of investments to support where they should make investments. So yes -- we were not involved in that contracting process.
Chris Kastner: Thanks, everybody, for joining today. Before we go, I'd like to extend my thanks to the entire HII team for their continued focus, and we look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call. Thank you.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. I'll provide some more color on that, too. Hey, Scott efficient question. It's not a comment from where we are right now. I mean we usually use cash at the beginning of the year. And we have guided both minus 200 and minus 100 for Q1 and Q2, respectively we find ourselves right now through the quarter -- through the first half of the year at minus $274 million. And this is broken, there was about $100 million that moved from Q1 to Q2 in a payment, and then we closed Q2 kind of missing a $75 million thing. So I mean, from performance and where we thought we'd be, we're kind of right where we guided. From a perspective, the year had to shape to it. It was back end loaded anyway. It was more back end loaded in 2024 than it was in 2023. When you get the Q and you can take a look at this comparison in there from 2023 over to 2024. And we're down operationally in cash about $28.4 million, and then we have another $54 million of CapEx that we're spending in 2024 over 2023. So that constitutes about $330 million down in 2024 over 2023. But again, in line with where we thought we'd be in the plan, the portfolio. I would tell you a couple of the milestones that you had at the end of 2023 that dragged into 2024, although it's only a couple of ships up to 2029, the excess -- 786 and then the launch of 788 all just brought that work into 2024 and created just a little bit of a draw on making kind of cost and progress and headway on the existing portfolio we have here. But the guides that have we provided zero on free cash flow for Q3, which has some variability to it. There's a lot of activity that milestones that you have on major milestones, smaller milestones underneath, capital incentives, the capital is a little bit slower than we guided. You guided 5.3% for the year. It was 2.6% in Q1 and 3% for Q2. But as that comes online in the back half of the year, the progress that we want to make to close out the work packages that are in play right now will allow us to fully fulfill all the costs that you see on the balance sheet. You can see the contract liabilities and ARP in there. So there's some net working capital that's going to burn it off sat down. We finished last year at 5% of working capital at the end of 2023. We sit just under 9% right now. And I kind of foreshowed at the beginning of the year that we were going to have this shape. And by the end of the year because of the capital incentives we've had, we'd actually have a little bit of an advancement. We'll work ourselves down to the 2% to 3% range in working capital. And that's aligned with our plan. It's aligned not only with the free cash flow perspective we gave you to $600 million to $700 million this year. But in the five-year goal, I told you that had some shape in two. And net working capital level exiting 2020 into 2025 is planned in the guidance that I gave you for $3.6 billion kind of going forward. So I think we have -- we understand where we are. We aligned with the plan that we had this year. The increases on the back half of the year between the progressing, milestones, incentives, capital incentives and then we have some new contract awards that introduced some alignment with the business environments that we have here that, that itself, it just at the beginning of those contracts, we anticipate them to be awarded if not at the end of Q3 and Q4, a little variability of the effect. Is that going to be lifespan Q3 or Q4. But it will -- by the end of the year, we'll have new awards that will assist both in margin and cash as well.
Tom Stiehle: Yeah. So we're at 95% complete on Block IV. And then of, I know it's not the exact answer to your question, but we're a 95-plus percent of the contract completed on Block IV and Black V in the mid-20% range. So -- and we're spending -- we crossed over about six quarters ago, that Block V has high revenue on Block IV.
Tom Stiehle: So a couple of things, yes. We got -- I think the last couple of calls, we've been talking about that, right? And the -- for the 600 to 700 guys and we have the working capital is right now, the capital incentives pop in here, we will burn down the 9% that we see through Q2 to that level going forward, right, lower than what we traditionally guided to between 4% and 5% because of what's going on, on the capital front. We haven't guided both for free cash flow specifically for 2025. And I would be -- I don't want to get into specific targets going forward. But I will tell you that we're kind of on plan on that front relative to its implications to the five-year free cash flow guidance. And as we close out the year for Q3, Q4, a lot of activity has to happen and how that's going to fall with everything I rattle on how we're going to make the 600 to 700. I prefer to hang on to the exact working capital guidance at the back half of the year as we set the trajectory and the targets for next year on the February's call.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. So, I think we have a couple of quarters that were negative. So we can catch up offline on that, George. But this isn't an odd year, I would tell you, it's backloaded, one. Two, I would tell you that pre-COVID, as we're executing these contracts right now, we have seen a draw in the schedules over the last three or four years. And that just changes the construct of as we get progress and collect costs and what we're allowed to bill and creates a little bit of a draw on that. We still manage it annually. And as you know, we've been pretty good at providing a five-year target back in 2019, providing a guidance annually for each of the years and we've met or exceeded that. So, I mean we're in the lane right now. We've actually increased that $2.9 billion to $3 billion, so we another $10 million at it. We've given the next five years at 20% more. So, we have pretty good visibility into the portfolio. It's a relatively -- I'm sorry? There's some feedback here. It's a relatively mature portfolio that's going on that we have here. So, we have line of sight as far as what we have to build, program plans, the expected costs and then all that rolls in once we come through our quarterly ACs into the guidance of free cash flow going forward here. It is backloaded. And as I commented earlier, I did a comparison, you could take a peek at Q there on what's driving that. A little bit more CapEx that we've seen. The last two years has been 26% and 24% of sales, respectively, and already where we saw the previous headquarter of last year, and that's going to ramp in the back half of the year. Last years capital incentives that come along with that. As we continue to make progress, the cost that you can see that's on the books and the balance sheet there, we plan to liquidate that and really drive that working capital, that's going to be the catalyst, the working capital coming down, milestones and deliveries and additional awards as well as on contract performance and capital incentives are going to drive the back half of the year. The guide of 3% was probably on the conservative side. We didn't want to say it could be $100 million to $200 million higher or $50 million to $100 million less. And we didn't want to provide a number that we leaned into for Q3. The events and criteria and milestones that we see have to happen are right in that end of September, October and November time frame. So we guided conservatively, which does make the Q4 look like it's a larger lift than it may be as it plays out.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. So, on the material comment that I said in my opening statements, that was more applicable to Q1. So there was some sales that we had, which are not in -- we don't envision to be on a recurring basis. We're not included in the Q2 or the guide kind of going forward. The Q2 revenue that we had at Mission Technologies was driven by strong performance in C5ISR and CEWS. And we believe that will continue going forward. We have normalized out for the book of business on contract right now. So we know what contracts we have and we're executing, and we see the -- how we load that out, and we have a clear sight on expectations of the revenues for the last 2 quarters, as well as there is some -- there's still awards happen every month. And the -- even though we're in the back half of the year, there's several tens of millions of dollars of potential sales that happen on awards. So, we have to execute our plan that we have in existing contracts. Those awards have to play out. And we've guided pricely probably on the conservative side of where we stand. The run rate at Mission Technologies between the first 2 quarters at 750 and 765 is 15.15 on an annual basis, over $3 billion. We've conservatively taken the beginning of the year guide to 2750 up to 2750 to 2280. So let's see how it plays out. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves. Chris made a comment earlier about the growth. We saw some good growth in '21 to '22 at 4% from '22 to '23 at 12.7%. And then both Q1 and Q2, respectively has seen 20% and 18% growth. But we don't want to only guide here. Obviously, we've got to get the people in, win those contracts and continue some good performance. But I'm feeling really strong about the Alion acquisition, the business proposition that we set that MT would be a $200 million cash generated, which it is. And I feel really good about the portfolio of contracts we have and that pipeline growing.
Tom Stiehle: Well, I would say we have a lot of work to do going forward here. We don't want to over guide in this, and it's still a function of a couple of awards that will have a minor impact on the revenue for the rest of the year here.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. We always invest with our partner with the Navy on this. And depending on what the CapEx is and the timing and the value equation, what that adds and the design of getting in the yard, whether it's for operational here or maybe sales and things like a there's a mix there of investment. We don't get into that. I mean, that's just part of the business case. And I will tell you that any capital projects that we do add value, we get a return on our capital, and it goes into the business construct and how we choose which projects we bid, we approved and we execute, so I'd leave it at that. It was 2.6% in Q1, 3% in Q2. The guide is still 53% [ph] for this year with a 5% CapEx over the next three years.
