Barb Niland: Thanks Mike and good morning to everyone on the call. I would like to briefly review our consolidated and segment results as disclosed in the press release and wrap up with some more detail on our capital structure and liquidity.  If you turn to slide 4 of the presentation, reported second quarter sales decreased $47 million from the same period last year, driven by lower sales volume on the DDG-51 program with the deliveries of DDG-107 and DDG-110, along with last year’s completion of the enterprise dry-docking. The lower volume was partially offset by higher sales on the LHA program, the national security cutter program and the advance planning contract for the CVN-72 USSA Abraham Lincoln RCOH. In addition, during the second quarter of 2010, the LPD program was impacted by the decision to wind down shipbuilding operations at our Avondale facility which resulted in a revenue reduction of $115 million to reflect revised estimates to complete LPD-23 Anchorage and LPD-25 Somerset. Segment operating income in the quarter was $98 million, up $108 million from the same period last year. Total operating income was $91 million, up from a negative $20 million. Total operating margin was 5.8% for the quarter, compared with negative 1.2% in 2010. Excluding the $113 million pre-tax charge related to our Avondale facility, total operating margin was 5.4% last year compared to 5.8% this year. Diluted earnings per share was $0.80 for the quarter compared with a loss of $0.23 last year. These figures are not necessarily comparable given the Avondale items in last year’s results and the higher interest expense this year from our new debt structure. Diluted share count was $49.6 million, an increase of about 80,000 shares quarter-over-quarter. The increase in diluted shares over the first quarter was unusually large due to the conversion of stock awards as a result of the spend, which had little effect in the first quarter as we only had 2 days as an independent company. Going forward, we expect diluted share cap to increase at a significantly lower rate.  Cash from operating activities for the second quarter was $186 million, up $91 million over last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $21 million, down from $28 million last year. For the full year, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately 3% of sales excluding the $36 million paid to the State of Louisiana reflected in the first quarter. Turning to slide 5, Ingalls revenues for the 3 months ending June 30, 2011 decreased $6 million from the same period in 2010, primarily driven by lower sales in the DDG-51 program and partially offset by higher sales in the LHA program.  Operating income for the quarter was $19 million compared with an operating loss of $94 million in the same period in 2010. Ingalls operating margin was 2.7% for the quarter, compared with a negative 13% for the same period last year. This quarter results include negative cumulative margin corrections of $19 million on the LPD-22 through LPD-25 contract, partially offset by performance improvements on other programs. Excluding non-recurring items related to Avondale, Ingalls operating margin was 2.3% in the second quarter of 2010, compared with 2.7% this quarter. Turning to slide 6, Newport News revenues for the quarter decreased $41 million, or 4.5 %, from last year, primarily driven by lower sales volume on the Roosevelt RCOH and Ford, partially offset by higher sales volume on the advanced planning contract for the Lincoln RCOH. The year-over-year decrease was also driven by non recurring performance improvements realized on the Virginia-class submarine program in the second quarter of 2010. Newport News operating income for the quarter was $79 million compared with $84 million last year. The decrease was primarily due to lower overall sales volume and from the 2010 impact of the Virginia class submarine program that I previously mentioned. Newport News operating margin was 9.1% for the quarter, relatively flat compared to last year. Turning to slide 7 on capital structure, we ended the quarter with $910 million of total liquidity consisting of $381 million of cash on hand and $529 million available under our revolving credit facility. Our debt remained relatively flat over last quarter at $1.9 billion.  Interest expense increased from $15 million in the first quarter to $30 million in the second quarter due to the new debt structure associated with the spin-off. With regards to Avondale, we have updated our estimate of the total cost to complete the wind down from $310 million to $271 million. Our timeframe has not changed and we anticipate completing the wind down activities in 2013 once LPD-25 is delivered. We expect to submit our revised proposal to the navy later this month.  That wraps up my remarks and with that I will turn the call over to Andy for Q&A.
Barb Niland: We firmly believe all the costs associated with this restructuring are recoverable. The reason why you submitted proposal is what you do is you get an advanced agreement that you can include it in your rates on all of your new contracts that you bid and it’s all billable costs, but what happens in the end is after you’ve experience all the actual costs and you negotiate your overheads rates in the out years and close them out is when all the final decision will be made on that.
Barb Niland: You’d see it way out in the out years after the closure, but again I will reiterate, we stand firm. Everything we put in our proposal is allowable and allocable.
Barb Niland: Well, it depends how the programs progressed. I’d like to think that in a perfect world everything would go smooth, but we’ve said all along that those are our risk program in the LPDs and LHA-6 and that we have the potential for small corrections as we go forward. 
Mike Petters: Okay. You know first of all as we’ve described the business over the past 6 months, there are a lot of moving parts and some of these parts get to be relatively large. It’s kind of lumpiness in the business I think is what Barb calls it. When we look back at the first six months of this year and we look at the things, we had some things that went well for us that were up ticks, we had some things that could have gone better which between those they all sort of netted out and they gave us a first half of the year that looks about what we think the business is going to look like for the second half of the year relative to our revenues and our earnings.  Cash flows are a lot even more lumpy than that and so we are a little bit more reluctant to talk about that one. But we think that the LPDs getting 22 through to delivery is a big deal for us here in the second half of the year. Our plan and our commitment is to drive it to delivery by the end of the year. The navy is working with us on that, but it’s – we are trying to jam a lot into the sock here towards the end of the year on that ship and so we will see how that one turns out. We are committed to making sure that that’s of the highest quality delivery.  Relative to Avondale, we’ve updated our proposal that reflects the experience so far. We’ve first put that proposal together, we were making some pretty conservative estimates on the things that – what things are going to cost us relative to this restructuring. As we’ve gone through and restructured and gone through the Tallulah and Wagman process and updated our estimates we’ve lowered our estimate for the total cost for the restructuring. So that’s just the evidence things are going pretty well.
Mike Petters: Well, let me first of all start it – this is a negotiation that will be going on between us and the navy throughout the whole process and so we have an estimate for what we think it will cost. The navy will have their estimate for what they think it will cost and we’ll be both working to refine those estimates, and so I think what is happening here is that you are getting a lot of early publicity I think around this negotiation, but I don’t know Barb if you want to add anything to that.
Mike Petters: Sure. The Ford is the lead ship. Lead ships are always challenging. As I said last quarter and I said again today, we remain committed to our financial targets on that program. We’ve laid out some, a path for how we expect to retire risk on that program and things are going pretty well, actually the management team there is aggressively working to retire that risk and improve the overall performance on the program. It is a lead ship and because it’s a lead ship, we did a couple of things in partnership with the navy to get the ship under contract.  We set what I think are pretty aggressive targets for that construction and then we worked through how do you share the risk of the lead ship between us and the navy and the navy and the company remain committed to driving that program forward. From my own experience I have been involved with several lead ships. Quite frankly this lead ship is going better than any other that I have been involved with. 
Mike Petters: And George I would just add that LPD-22 as the first of those 4 LPDs, that one probably when we implemented our class plans and our operating system, it gets the least benefit of that and so as we bring that ship through to delivery, we are certainly rolling all of the lessons from that back into the other 3 ships of the LPD class that we are working on. 
Mike Petters: Well I think first of all the DDG program has historically been a very successful program for both shipbuilders involved in it and I frankly would argue that the DDG program showed the benefit of serial production before the Virginia class program came along. There is a five- year gap in the production of destroyers and the 113 is the first ship following that gap in terms of the restart. During that gap, Dr. Carter put out some guidelines related to 50-50 share lines and ceilings and things like that that were absolutely brought to bear on this contract, but we were able to actually incorporate into our basis for the contract both what we thought the impact of the five year gap would be as well as what our experience post Katrina in our cost basis was and so that’s why we have the view that we’ll be able to perform pretty well in that program, a program that we’ve performed very well on historically.
Mike Petters: Okay, second one first. We’re looking at flat revenues off of the 2010 base. The timing of revenues for this year has shown up but I think that that’s not a sustainable impact. That’s just a timing issue. As far as the history lesson goes, now I feel old when I’m the one being asked for the history lesson here, but and I’ll try to convince this as quickly as I can. The challenge that you have when you start to decline the budget is that people want to stretch things out. They want to delay procurements or they want to delay schedules and what happens with that is that brings great inefficiency into the production line. What we saw for instance in our carrier production line was we actually started to move away from the four year centers of aircraft carriers. In the ‘80s we had two ship contracts. Imagine a two ship contract for aircraft carriers. We did that twice in the ‘80s and those ships, the last ship actually delivered in 1998. But starting with the follow on ship, the carrier program started to become stretched out. It went from four year centers. The 76 was the first follow on ship and that ship was delayed about a year. The 77 was the one that came after that and it was delayed a couple of years. The 78 came after that and it was delayed a couple of years and you could argue that in that timeframe when we bought three aircraft carriers we actually missed one. We should have bought four to keep it on the efficient schedule. Interestingly what happened is the Pentagon realized that they were getting to the point on the aircraft carriers that they were pushing the limit of what they really wanted to afford because of the inefficiencies that had been brought in by the schedule, and so that’s when they started coming back to the four year center or the five year center in their budgeting process. We think that that’s wise on their part to keep an eye on the balance between the inefficiencies created by stretching things out and the overall requirements of the declining budget. The challenge for the whole base is, what drives our business is the ability to capture those efficiencies of repeat performance and stability of orders and making sure that we keep our workforce intact and develop to do the follow on work. When you stretch out a program, instead of moving, I’ll take a destroyer program, you are the craftsman that works on the bow of the destroyer, you come off of that ship and you can go right on to the next bow unit for the next destroyer, you capture all of the efficiencies. You’ve got all those lessons learned in your head, the learning curve is there. If you have to wait a year, you may not even be the person we put on the next bow for the destroyer and so that’s where the, in a kind of a nutshell is the challenge that we will have if things start to stretch out. It becomes a knowledge management issue and it becomes a question of how efficient is the learning curve. You can assume that you’re going to capture 100% of the learning once you start moving the programs out and I think that’s really what the Navy is wrestling with right now is where do we create the efficiencies, how do we preserve the efficiencies that we have.
Mike Petters: Yeah. As I said before Doug, this is a new class of ship. When we took the ship on, it’s not, this isn’t a new class of a small ship, this is a new class of the backbone of the fleet. There’s new technology throughout the ship. The design parameters and the key performance parameters change the shift pretty dramatically. When you set down and say okay, how are we going to go contract for this ship? The discussion that we have in the contract negotiations is all about how much risk is there.  As it is the lead ship there’s a substantial amount of risk and so then the question is how do you want to share that? Does the contractor bear all of that or does the government want to share in that? If the government and the contractor come to an agreement on how we’re going to share the risk, you can actually drive the cost down in terms of the price and so what we’ve done is we first of all as a baseline set a cost plus type contract and that then helps us manage the cost performance on the ship. We then have risk provisions that allow us and the government to work for achieving those targets. The performance on the ship right now is pretty solid. I’ve been on the ship very recently and I like what the team is doing, the things that they have in place, the initiatives that they have to mitigate the impact of this being a lead ship and so from my standpoint it’s going pretty well and let me reiterate, our financial performance targets on this program have not changed. When we came though the first quarter we decided not to take credit for retiring risk yet because we weren’t satisfied with what we’d seen, but that didn’t change our overall targets. We’re confident with where we’re going today and I think that Newport News's performance as evidence in this quarter report is that they’re on track.
Mike Petters: Yeah. I’m not going to comment on any particular story that’s out there. I would just say that we’re very confident with the financial performance on that program.
Mike Petters: Doug, we’re in the middle of a competition here so I’m not sure that I really want to talk about my pricing strategy. I would say that I am very pleased with the Navy’s approach to this and I think that this shows that the Navy understands the value of serial production that we’re trying to put in place. That if we can get the rhythm going on destroyers, we can recreate the successful program that carried us through the last 15 years or so on that program. I testified last year to congress that the plan the Navy had for buying three destroyers every two years was unstable. I believe that we ought to be buying two destroyers a year and so my hope is that we’ll be able to show the value of serial production here which would then afford the Navy the opportunity to go do that.
Mike Petters: The competition is basically our total value competition and so that’s something that we have to go deal with.
Mike Petters: Yeah, I think you’ve got it about right, Heidi. The Newport News folks are at the level today that we think they’ll sustain. There may be as Barb just pointed out, there may be one time events that will occur from time to time there that would help, could be better there, but generally that’s kind of the rate that we expect them to sustain. The real issue here is the rolling off of the forward loss contracts that we have on the LPDs. Delivery of 22 is a big issue for us, getting that done this year.  That will have an impact on this year and if for whatever reason it moves into first quarter it will be a timing issue, but getting it behind us is a very important thing to do. But we are seeing really good work being done right now on 23 and 24 and we expect to deliver those by the end of next year and so if you kind of fast forward to where we are at the end of 2012, we’re down to LPD 25 and LHA 6 and so that and we will have started up the 113 and the LPD 26 and as we’ve been talking about, LPD 26 is a standalone contract at this point that presumes the cost base line post Katrina and so we’re expecting to perform at our normal and historic levels on those programs for shipbuilding, not just inside the LPD program. So really it’s the rolling off of the work in Pascagoula and Avondale that’s going to drive the performance next year.
Mike Petters: Yeah. We’re into that process of the ship now where we’re building the ship in the dry dock and for the next couple of years as we head towards the launch, that’s basically the volume of the work. I think the launch is scheduled in 2013 and so between now and then that’s basically what we’re after is get the ship manufactured. Our objective is really to make sure that that launch is as high quality launch as we can have, that we’ve got as much completion as we can possibly create. As we’ve seen across all of our programs, the more outfitting that we can do prior to launch, the better performance on the ship. So overall we’ve got some pretty good targets there, but the next major milestone on that program I would say is the launch in 2013.
Mike Petters: No. this is all about are we ready to take credit for retiring risk that we have in the program and we get to a point where we think that we’ve retired a certain amount of risk then we’ll step up. If we uncover new risk, then from time to time we might have to step back. We don’t anticipate at this point either of that. Between now and launch we’ll be doing those evaluations every quarter and we’ll see how that goes. But we’re pretty happy with the performance on that program today in terms of what the team is doing, how they’re executing the program and the way ahead.
Mike Petters: Yeah. I don’t know that I have any; I don’t have any good feel for that. The shipbuilding construction account has been relatively flat for many, many years since, I’d say since at least the latter part of the ‘90s and frankly if you looked at it decade by decade our perspective is that not sure how all these things are going to play out, but in order for the Navy to achieve its plan the decade ahead probably is a little better funded than the decade we just came through because in many Navy programs we’re going to be moving into serial production and producing ships, whereas over the last decade across the fleet there’s been a lot of lead ship construction and less serial production, so fewer ships were produced. So I’m not sure, I don’t have off the top of my head a year by year where the budget went, but I think that typically it’s been I think fairly flat.
Mike Petters: Right, and this is not atypical frankly. We’ll be at a point, assuming the plan of record that we would be negotiating this contract probably, it’s a 2013 ship so that’s the year we will be negotiating the contract, the end of ’12, beginning of 2013. Lots of data coming from the 78 to show us where we still think the risk might be in that program and as I’ve said a few times, this is a program where it’s sort of, there’s only one builder and there’s only one buyer.  So we quickly have to get into a negotiation that is not so much about the price because we kind of know what the budget for the program is, then it’s a matter of how are you going to allocate the risk on the program and that’s the way we think about all these negotiations when we go into them, is what’s the way that we’re going to equitably share the risk or bear the risk. If we’re going to bear the risk it’s going to drive our price up. If there’s going to be risk shared it’s going to drive the price down. So that’s the way we think about it Myles and they all, every single negotiation I’ve been involved with has its own flavor.
Mike Petters: Our booking policy won’t change on that program. I’m sure that once we sign that contract we will book conservatively. We will have a full view of what we think the risks in the program are and as we retire them we’ll book up.
Barbara Niland: Sure. As you know our current plans established annually using assumptions based on the end of the prior year and we carry that through the year. So for modeling purposes along with a lot of different assumptions like with the pension accounting, we are using an average discount rate of 5.84% and we did assume long term asset returns of 8.5%. So that sensitivity would be look at a 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate would have approximately a 12 million increase in the FAS pension costs and a 25 basis point decrease in the long term asset return would approximately have an 8 million increase in FAS expense.  We’re not providing guidance on 2012 as we’re in the midst of our annual operating plan process and we’re evaluating many scenarios associated with the recent market events particularly as they relate to pension. But another thing you have to consider too is that another variable in there that is difficult to quantify at the time is also the impact market performance would have to any CAS adjustments, excluding CAS harmonization. So that could potentially offset some of the negative earnings impact associated with changes in the discount rate or long term asset assumptions. It’s a watch item for us and we’ll certainly address it more next year as we come through it. Analyst Okay, thanks very much.
Barbara Niland: There were no specific delivery incentives and everything, but after you deliver a ship you set up a small reserve for deferred work and things like that and so it was across a couple of programs where we didn’t spend as much money on deferred work and as we’ve come out of warranty periods we just had, it was about five or six different programs we had pick ups.
Barbara Niland: Let’s see. What you see right now for deferred state taxes I would expect to see about 3 million expense in each of the quarters going forward. The reason why you had 5 million going the other way in the first quarter was because we had two deliveries in the first quarter with Mississippi and DDG-110 and normally that would be ratable over the whole year. But because we had to close the books with Northrop we had to take that benefit in the first quarter.  So I look at the deferred state taxes being about the same as they are this quarter going forward. But again there can be swings based on timing of deliveries and timing of cost incurred, changes in reserves, things like that, so not a simple answer there. As far as their effective tax rate, basically from Q1 to Q2 the change we benefited a little bit by the domestic manufacturing tax deduction based on contract mix. But going forward I would expect it to be in say the 35% to 35.5% range. 
Barbara Niland: Yeah. As with all our contracts and everything, we do have little one-time events or what I would call unusual events type thing. So as you particularly on the Virginia class submarine program, as you come out of your post delivery work and you complete deferred work with less the hours than you had planned or you deliver a ship and you retire risk, you have pickups as you retire those risks as you go forward. So we saw a little bit of that going on last year.
Barbara Niland: It depends on performance against our plan. Performance in outfitting, how we’re doing with schedule, Heidi, there is a lot of moving parts there. We look at it every quarter.
Barbara Niland: Sure. Let’s see. At Ingalls the total backlog is 5.6 billion and at Newport News it’s 11.2 for that total of 16.8.
Barbara Niland: Yeah. We’re really not providing any of that information for the out years. Like we said, minimal pension funding requirements this year. I think it’s like $3 million for non-qualified plans, none for our qualified plans. So as far as the out year goes we’re not providing any of that information right now.
