Christopher Kastner: It's really too early for cash contributions for next year. We'll assess that as we move through the year. As you know, we've been concerned about the updated mortality tables in 2017. It looks like based on the IRS not submitting those yet or making those available that could move to 2018. So we're watching that very closely and we'll be able to discuss that with you at our year end call.
Christopher Kastner: That's fair, but you have to assess it every quarter. We know now and we assessed it in Q2 and our profit assumptions assume that. So the shift, like I said, is essentially build, we're coming through test issues not only on government furnished property, but for the balance of the shift. So we think we have it captured now, but you have to go through completing delivery and you can finally understand what your final margin projections will be.
Christopher Kastner: The non-recurring or cume adjustments in the quarter were 91 positive and 17 negative and of that net it's about 70/30 Ingalls.
Christopher Kastner: I think the best way to think about it is for the year and over the next five years, it’s really 9% to 10% return on sales. But I hate to try to quantify it at Newport News.
Christopher Kastner: There's obviously a disagreement between the parties or we would have to settle. So we're up against statute limitations and we thought it made sense to protect our rights to get it into a more formal process. Really the last thing you want to do and it's unfortunate and it could delay recovery a bit, but we thought it was the right thing to do to protect our rights there.
Christopher Kastner: I’d really rather not quantify it at this point. We’ll get more visibility when we get their final decision and we'll have to assess that. And then we'll communicate to you any impact that we may have.
Christopher Kastner: Obviously we haven't provided 2017 numbers for FAS/CAS adjustment yet. You're probably aware; I think you're aware that that’s the last year harmonization. So it was relatively consistent all things being equal, but like I said we haven't provided guidance and we'll be able to come to that over the balance of the year and give that to you beginning of next year. A lot of things moving in connection, we don't like to get ahead of ourselves on it.
Christopher Kastner: I don't want to speculate, right, proportionately, but it is the last year harmonization. So your CAS cost should be higher than your FAS expense for sure.
Christopher Kastner: Sam, so we spent $48 million in the quarter, we’re at about 2.5% for the year. I still expect 3.5% to 4.5% the projects are started and it's going to ramp towards the back end of the year. There are some large invoices and some large expenditures that are going to take place on some of these significant capital projects. So projects are authorized or on schedule, it's just going to ramp throughout the year.
Christopher Kastner: Rob, I will say the positive adjustment in the quarter at Ingalls was dominated by LPD-26, it had a really great delivery and we were able to retire some risk there. I would not expect that over the balance of the year.
Christopher Kastner: We don't disclose that type of information. It would be really tough to do and really doesn't serve much of a purpose. We continue to believe that the 9% to 10% return on sales makes sense across the portfolio.
Christopher Kastner: Let me take that one, Doug. It's $1.5 billion over the next five years and then retching down to the 2% to 2.5% subsequent to that and included in that is the ORP investment.
Christopher Kastner: I think that depends, but I think it'll be the normal situation that we have after ship delivery. There may be some work that we will deliver the ship to go finish after the ship delivers and maybe some of that, but I think it’d be on the margins.
Christopher Kastner: I'm not worried about that. I mean, to me right now the issue is can you get through the systems testing so that you have a full up ship ready to go to sea when it's time to go to sea. That's what our focus is on. And the team is working really hard to make sure we have that done. The ship will go to sea, it’ll do some qualifications after delivery. Eventually, it comes back in for a post-shakedown availability and there's already being stuff identified today that is stuff that we're going to want to do during that timeframe. So that work packages is already being worked on. But that's just a normal way that these ships join the fleet. They go through this pretty turbulent period to become part of the greatest suite in the world and so this is all part of getting them ready to do that.
Christopher Kastner: So 30% to 32% for the year, dominator the reduction related to stock comp deduction that rolls through the income statement instead of how it used to go through the balance sheet. As you get less stock options or equity vesting that could raise a bit, so I think this is probably as low as it gets and it could go up from here. But we'll give you more visibility when we do the year end call.
Christopher Kastner: We do these adjustments when we evaluate EACs and when we retire risk. And so they come about the way that they come about. We certainly believe that over time, this is why we don't try to do this on a quarter by quarter basis because in any given quarter they may not match. But over a period of time, they will match. And so our sense of it today is that our shipbuilding business will be in the 9% to 10% range over a reasonable amount of time. And we've kind of described in some detail today that over the next 12 to 18 months Newport New is kind of grinding on that a little bit and right now Ingalls is doing really well. We don't see that being dramatically different, but it's important for Ingalls to get the new work in and it's important for Newport News to be successful in grinding through these deliveries. So that's what we're focused on.
Christopher Kastner: You said that very well actually. Really, the first one is the most significant, the new mortality tables would increase contribution significantly, but there are a lot of moving parts as we all know. So best not to speculate and just do the analysis throughout the year and let you guys know at the year-end call.
Christopher Kastner: That's not in the scenario analysis, pension rolls through free cash. So subsequent to that, we’ll return substantially all the free cash flow to shareholders in the form of at least a 10% annual increase in our dividend and the rest being share buyback. So the way the policy reads and the way we've communicated it is pension actually rolls through free cash.
Michael Petters: Sure. I mean, our job is to get the ship ready to go as soon as it's ready and the team there is doing a tremendous job of doing that. We've talked about the test program and the challenge of the lead ship in general and this one in particular and we're working through every day down there. It's an adventure. Our objective right now is to get the ship gone as fast as we can. The Navy has posted a schedule. We're working very hard to support that schedule and believe it to be achievable, but recognize that it is a lead ship and it’s a test program and we're working our way through it.
Michael Petters: And every system is unique in that some systems are government furnished, some systems are systems that we have done, some systems are that our suppliers have done. And so in every circumstance, you have to evaluate who's accountable and how will that accountability be assessed. And so the fact that it's a cost plus contract means that the cost of the work is covered, but then the overall impact of it still have to be assessed on a system by system basis.
Michael Petters: We’ve been talking the fact that we have these three carriers to deliver and we've got a gap between the delivery of the Lincoln and the arrival of the George Washington caused by the budget process back in 2012 that kind of created that challenge. We've got three carrier deliveries that are essentially on top of each other, which means that you don't have one delivery team. You have three delivery teams and that's quite a challenge for the business. We've been talking about that for several quarters now. This is the kind of business where you can see it coming. You can anticipate it; you can plan for it; but you still got to grind your way through it. And right now through probably the second half of next year, Newport News is going to be grinding their way through this. You get to the other side of that though with the Virginia-class program, the agreement on the Ohio replacement program, a contract that we have for the Kennedy which is executing well, the contract that we just signed for the enterprise which is the ship after Kennedy which delivers in 2027 and you have George Washington here in refueling and you have the planning for Stennis beginning. Yeah, it's a grinding time for Newport News right now, but the horizon is really bright for that shipyard. And so we're excited about where this is going to go. We're just kind of grinding right now for the next year or so.
Michael Petters: You've seen now in five and a half years of this that to quote, this is pretty lumpy and things move around quite a bit and to try to handicap where things might be next quarter or even the second half of the year can be a bit challenging, especially given the dynamic that's at Newport News right now. But our long term prospect and view and perspective just does not change. The healthy business in shipbuilding is going to operate in a blended way across time at a 9% to 10% range and we think that's very predictable. We're committed to that and we've got everybody pulling on the road to make that happen.
Michael Petters: For us we’re probably not terribly impacted by the continuing resolution and that there's not a lot of new starts, that's the real issue with continuing resolutions. If there is a new start, it can hold up the start of the program. For us, it's more about the carryover from one year to the next and the consistency and giving that giving the Pentagon a perspective that they can go ahead and do the strategic planning that they need to do. Fundamentally, I just think it's that process for us to have a continuing resolution instead of a budget and in the main, we're starting to rely on continuing resolutions way too much and our concern here is that the continuing resolution may actually be longer than December, it may go into the next administration which just creates a whole lot more uncertainty. And so we would rather see this get closed out as quick as it can.
Michael Petters: That's right. There are some of the GSE that would ordinarily have migrated over to CSE contractor furnished by the second ship. But Myles, if you remember, as we negotiated that contract we were working our way through the lead ship and so there were several items that we decided to leave with the government decided to leave them as GSE for the second ship that ultimately down the road what I would expect would become contract furnished. But for CVN-79, it's about the same.
Michael Petters: I think our strategy that we laid out at our investors conference last year is the same, it hasn’t changed. Our focus is on executing in our core business. We're looking to grow our services business in support of the Navy and the Department of Energy. If we have opportunities to do selected M&A in those areas that would make sense to help us do those two things then we would take a look at it. Quite frankly what we're dealing with today is that, I mean we're always scanning and we're always looking, valuations are pretty high and so it's kind of hard to come through the part where – the first question we ask ourselves is why are we the better owner and it's kind of challenging given some of the valuations that are out there today that we could really make the case that we're such a better owner that we would create the value that we need to create. So we're thinking about it. We're scanning for it. We're looking, but we also put in – I think we communicated pretty clearly that we're not going to do M&A unless it meets our financial requirements and we're going be very disciplined about that.
Michael Petters: I don't want to be terribly specific, but I think internationally where it would make sense in support of our primary customer is – if it helps the US Navy do a better job somewhere then we can think about that, but beyond that I'm not so sure that we're terribly interested in that.
Michael Petters: No, I think that there's a lot of variables in this competition beyond just the raw price shoot out. The risk registers on the two programs were very different. The budgets that were allocated to those programs from the government side were very different. The capabilities of the competitors to execute the work was very different. And so I think the confluence of all of those things together and there's probably a half a dozen other variables that go into it, the confluence of all of those things kind of drove the situation to come out the way that it did. We’re very happy with the way that it came out. I would certainly not draw the conclusion that we're willing to do something on the margins that is less than our competitors. I think that the blending of risk and cost and capability drove the decision to go the way that it did. And we're very happy with the way that turned out obviously.
Michael Petters: Ingalls is kind of in the crunch of ship delivery right now. I mean, there's a couple of ships that are going to trials and delivery between now and the end of the year which is going to be very exciting for them. And it's going to be more the same. I mean, the bigger issue at Ingalls frankly with the execution that's going on today in serial production, the big issue there is capturing the next work, getting LPD-28 started, working our way through the acceleration of LXR and/or LPD-29 and getting LHA-8 off to a good start. I mean that's really the work that the team there will be trying to – they have to get that right in the next six to nine months to set themselves up to be years after that. But without getting too far out in front of our headlights, I mean we're doing really well there and we've got a couple of ship deliveries coming up. So we expect it will continue to do well.
Michael Petters: You kind of faded out there at the end, but I think you're trying to get at the two per year in the Virginia-class program and when do we know for sure and I've been around the business long enough to believe that you don't ever really know for sure until you have a contract in hand. But I mean the reality is that if we were at two per year and the next time that there was a plan to not be at two per year was in 2021 when we funded the – when the government's going to fund the first Ohio Replacement Program ship itself beyond the design. And in this year's budget deliberation, that's the way the budget got presented to the Hill, the Hill said that they would really like to see a second submarine in 2021. The Navy said they'd like to see that too. The industry said that would be great for us too. So everybody agrees that having a second ship in 2021 would be a good thing. I think the next time you get to see whether that's actually made any progress or not is when the next budget gets submitted to the Hill in February or March of next year. Now I have mentioned all of you, I admit to being a bit parochial and biased here, but I do believe that when nations are challenged with the cost of their navy, they build more submarines and I believe that the pressure on submarines is always going to be up not down and so I would expect – I believe that we're going to be at two per year for as far as we can see. But each time we come up where that the next opportunity to drop to one moves inside the five-year plan, there's going to have to be things done to fix that. And so you're seeing that happen on the 21 ship now. And it'll be a couple of years before the next one has to be dealt with and so that's the way I see it playing now. We're geared up and ready and the agreement on the Ohio Replacement Program anticipates that the delivery schedules for these ships will have to be adjusted to accommodate the delivery of the Ohio Replacement. I mean, you've got to separate the budgeting process from the execution process. Budgeting is how do you fit all of this stuff into an appropriation; the execution is how do you actually deliver all those ships that have to deliver in the same year. But the agreement on Ohio Replacement actually anticipates that we're going to have some discussions about who's going to do what deliveries to make sure that we get it all done. So I think the industrial base is working together really well on this. I think the Navy and the Congress are working together really well on this and I'm very optimistic that we're going to be there for as far as we can see.
Michael Petters: I think first of all you start talking about revenue in shipbuilding, you've got to figure out what's going to happen with sequestration and what's going to happen with how they pay for Ohio Replacement Program. We had a good situation this year in the budget request in terms of things that needed to get done on the Ohio Replacement are funded and it did not affect any of the HII programs. The question is, is that going to be the case going forward and the visibility around LXR is that we're doing more design work than we had a few months ago before the award. But what we don't have right now is we need to either have that ship accelerated or we need to have another LPD in the line and we don't have either of those right now. So visibility on that is still a little bit murky. So given all of that, I think we're going to stick with our forecast that through 2020 our shipbuilding revenue is going to be relatively flat.
Michael Petters: There's a lot of support in the Congress for what the Coast Guard is doing and there's a lot of success on what the NSCs are being able to provide to the Coast Guard. I think there's a lot of moving parts, but we remain optimistic and supportive of the program. So we'll see how this end game works itself out, but that’s certainly our objective.
Michael Petters: I think the agreement that we have is that we're going to shift some deliveries to Newport News during those times when we're trying to deliver the Ohio Replacement platforms from Electric Boat. I mean I think that's all part of the deal. How that gets quantified? I mean, the first time you're going to be dealing with that situation is going to be after 2025. I think 2027 or 2028 will be the first time that that comes into play. And so I'm not spending a whole lot of time right now trying to figure out exactly where that line gets, what we are trying to figure out right now is how do we invest in that program and make sure that we can do it as efficiently as possible and then we’ll see where the chips fall.
Michael Petters: I don't know that, I mean if you look at the entire submarine industrial base with the Ohio Replacement Program and the Virginia-class program, I'm not sure that I would go so far as to say that that's a 50% program for us overall. I think it all depends also on what happens to the build rate on VCS. So I'm okay with that given that aligns with our work and aligns with our capital investment.
Michael Petters: Our only interest is working with our teammate in the Navy to make sure we produce these platforms as efficiently as possible. If we do that, then it'll be good for us and it'll be good for the industry and it’ll be good for the Navy.
Michael Petters: I mean obviously the business itself is being dramatically affected by the environment that it's in and we're waiting to see capital projects get turned back on by their key customers. They've continued to win work and our strategy of preserving capability to stay close to those customers is working, but the work that they've won doesn't really kick in until the end of this year or the beginning of next year. And so just like that whole industry everybody's trying to figure out how is the best way to survive and we're working with them to make sure we do that. As far as the timing goes, I didn't know the timing of this business before we got into it. So I’d be the last person you should be asking about the timing now.
Michael Petters: We're going to have to come through the risk retirements on all the programs every quarter and so we hate to handicap that.
Michael Petters: George, the majority or the most significant non-recurring adjustment in the quarter was LPD-26 delivery; you’re 100% correct there. We’ll have to see on LPD-27. That was a separately negotiated contract and we have to come to the risk retirements as we approach delivery on that ship, which will be in the year. So a little bit early on 27, we’ll have to assess that as we come through the process.
Michael Petters: Thanks to all of you for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate your interest in our company. We're excited about what we've done so far and we're really excited about the future that we're building for this organization. So we look forward to continuing our conversation throughout the quarter and we'll see you on the waterfront. Thank you very much.
