Chris Kastner: Thanks, Tom. Before wrapping up, I would like to point out that we have recently published our 2023 sustainability update report, which among other things describes the governance and management framework that we have established around sustainability. And finally, I would like to emphasize that we remain focused on successfully executing on our strong backlog and positioning for long-term growth, which will generate value for our employees, customers and shareholders. Now I'll turn the call over to Christie for Q&A.
Chris Kastner: Well, let me start and then -- Doug, and then Tom can step in here. I continue to think, and I've said previously, that Newport News will provide the majority of the growth in shipbuilding. So is there potential as Columbia comes online and the aircraft carriers become a more significant part of our revenue mix and then we get Block V in full rate and then into Block VI, that growth could be greater than 3%? Sure. But on a long-term basis, we think the right way to think about shipbuilding is 3%.
Chris Kastner: Yes. Doug, I'll comment on VCS. Yes, the VCS program, the program schedules for VCS are pretty stable and have been stable for the last couple of quarters. We'll deliver 796 this year. 798 will be delivered the year after that. And actually, we have a christening with Sheryl Sandberg being the sponsor on Saturday for Massachusetts. So you're all invited. It will be streamed live. And Massachusetts is performing well. And then 800 will deliver the year out of that -- after that, excuse me. And then Block V will follow. So I think …  [Technical Difficulty]
Chris Kastner: Yes. I apologies again. On Block V I do think there is opportunity on Block V, the [indiscernible] order to achieve that, and we're just not at the phase of the program where you'd be retiring that risk. So I still think there's opportunity in Block V. And I apologize for the line cutting out.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So there could potentially be discussions in that regard. I would say, from our point of view, our staffing is pretty solid on the Columbia-class and the Virginia-class right now. So I don't anticipate that. I think you saw that we had a good start to the year from a labor standpoint. Attrition is trending well. attendance is trending well, a lot of training expense as well. But we don't anticipate that right now. We're pretty comfortable from a staffing point of view.
Chris Kastner: I could also add, I think it's a really smart thing being done by the Navy here relative to integrating the PSA into the base contract because it reduces deployment risk for the shift. So we're participating in that. We'll get it definitized over the summer. We think it's real -- a very positive development.
Chris Kastner: It's definitely in the mix. It's a Q4 trials and delivery. A lot of volume work to go on that ship. They're making really good progress, let off the engines really last week when we were down there. So I'm optimistic that team will start to continue to hit cadence the LPD program that we're very proud of and confident that LPD 29 will get done this year, contingent upon, of course, that labor stays stable and we continue to make progress. But a lot of confidence in that Ingalls team.
Chris Kastner: It is. Yes, Myles, it is. So attrition has been positive as well. And it is showing up in the right disciplines. You always having shipbuilding moments in time where you may need welders or rigors or electricians. You might be out of balance a bit. But that's kind of the art of managing labor and shipbuilding. So it's a positive start to the year. It's taken a lot of effort, a lot of effort, and we need to stay on it. Team is very focused on it, but it is positive thus far.
Chris Kastner: Yes. '24 is pretty positive from a budgetary standpoint for us. The one issue, as you mentioned, is LPD 33. We'll work with the customer and the Congress to ensure that they understand the importance of that ship to Ingalls, and we'll just follow it through the process. Got high confidence based on the law of 31 amphibs that we have a chance to get that back in the budget, but we'll just have to follow it through the process.
Chris Kastner: Yes. I don't want to give commentary on '25 margins at this point. We're comfortable with our guidance for this year. I'm comfortable that the way we have the ships delivering and the stability of the milestones that we look for improvement next year. The teams are working on the fundamentals every day within both shipbuilding organizations coming through COVID and the labor challenges, but there are still significant labor challenges we're working through. So I don't want to predict when we'll recover to 9%. I still believe it is a 9%, 9%-plus business. We just need to continue to focus on the fundamentals and execute.
Chris Kastner: Well, it is in the budget. And we do still think and we know that buying them together absolutely saves the Navy money and the right way to buy it. We have -- that hasn't been -- hasn't shown up in the budget as of yet, but we believe that, that is the right way to acquire aircraft carriers. So positive in the budget, and then we'll continue to work with the Navy on potentially working on a 2-ship buy, but that hasn't manifested as of yet.
Chris Kastner: Yes. Well, I can't comment on GD's phone call. That would not be appropriate. I'm comfortable with where we are in the VCS program this quarter, both Block IV and Block V. As I've said, we're progressing down the delivery path on our Block IV boats. And then we need to transition to the Block V. But it would just be inappropriate for me to comment on GD's call, but we're comfortable with where we're at.
Chris Kastner: Well, I think we're seeing supply chain issues across the board really. It has definitely stabilized from a lead time standpoint, but it's stabilized at a higher level than pre-COVID. And we need to make sure we take that into consideration not only on our current EACs but on our future bids. So yes, there are supply chain issues, but they they've stabilized a bit over the last couple of quarters from a lead time standpoint.
Chris Kastner: Yes. I think what you're seeing there, Gautam, is kind of 2 different processes with potentially different risk expressions. And obviously, we look at our delivery dates and our -- so they don't specifically align, right? We can project better deliveries based on what we're seeing in the quarter of the year, the -- or some of the indicators that could impact delivery. So I just think there are different processes with different objectives. So you're going to have differences from time to time, but we're comfortable with where we're at.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So obviously, that was a significant adjustment we made with Block IV. But we, from time to time, have adjustments and we've had adjustments on the Block IV program between then and now. They just haven't been material enough to mention. We're very -- as you know, we have a disciplined process around our EACs. And if we have to make adjustments, we do. So you've kind of got it right on there. We had a significant adjustment. We've made smaller, less material adjustments between now and then, and we're very comfortable with where we are right now.
Chris Kastner: Well, I absolutely think not giving guidance for '24 yet, but I expect it to improve. I expect both shipyards to execute, barring any unforeseen labor issues or supply chain issues or macroeconomic issues, all things being equal, I expect it to be up. But we're not giving formal guidance on 2024 yet.
Chris Kastner: Yes. So -- as Tom mentioned in his remarks, we need to keep that financially neutral. And so as we come through that Class 1 change, that's the objective. So the team is working on ensuring that on an annual basis or an annualized basis, we keep cash and margin kind of in a neutral place and risk in a neutral place from where we were today.
Chris Kastner: No. I would mention between Q1 and Q2, there are some contracts within Mission Technologies that are relatively lumpy in nature when you get -- when you book the margin. So that's why the lower guide in Q2 from a margin standpoint.
Chris Kastner: Yes. That's a really good question. And -- so when you're putting in your plan, you're projecting what your workload is going to be and what your labor is going to be. And it just made good sense to, over the last year or so, put together outsourcing plans. And the risk showed up when we finally rationalized and realized the cost estimate for that outsourcing. We needed to incorporate it into our EACs. So it's all in the mix together, and it's all related. Still positive on the labor front, but we still needed to do that outsourcing on 80.
Chris Kastner: Sure. I can start and then potentially, Tom here. But remember, we do have EPA protection pretty at Ingalls and some EPA protection at Newport News. And we do have long-term labor agreements in place both at Newport News and Ingalls. So that mitigates it to some extent.
Chris Kastner: All right. Thank you for your interest in HII today. We look forward to continuing to engage with all of you. Thank you.
Tom Stiehle: Sure, Doug. And I'll hop in. It's Tom here. So yes, we did have some good growth in Q1 there. It was up [$160] million. It was driven by carrier construction, [80 79 81], Columbia-class and the VCS program, partially offset by some fleet support that is just slightly underneath. But as Chris says, I think we feel comfortable about that. We have the capacity and the capability to kind of run that. I think long term, though, it's still kind of governed by labor and program plans that we have in the yard here. So I think 3% is the right way to take a look at it on a long-term basis.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. So I'll take the CVN 80 first. Just backing up a little bit on color on margin and profitability that we thought we'd be at 7% for the quarter on shipbuilding. We came at 6.7%, and the majority of just that truck full there was about the enterprise step-back that we took. Now we find ourselves, as I noted in my remarks, the front on CVN 80 that we find ourselves from a time capacity and throughput needing to offload and/or outsource unit work and panel work right now. So as we're working ourselves to that, it's early in that project as we ramp that up. And we wanted to make sure that we increase the outsourcing risk protection, and we booked that conservatively. There's still many years to go on that ship, and it's just embarking on some additional out work on that. I would tell you that since the keeling last summer, that ship is coming tremendously along. It's in the dry dock right now. It's growing a lot of steel at it. The shape of the ship is directing, and I'm really proud of what the team is doing with that. But again, we just thought it would be prudent to take a balanced approach as we embark on getting some additional workout cost.
Tom Stiehle: Sure. I appreciate the question there. Yes. So we did say in Q4 that the milestones were on the back half of the year, which we foreshadowed 7% for Q1. And now you can see the outlook for Q2 is going to be that way, too. So it does -- you do the math against the 7%, 7% to 8% and the back half of the year is going to be in the upper 8s on that, and we feel comfortable with that. You are right that the milestones are on the back half of the year there. I would tell you also that what's in the mix there, there's other things on top of the milestones, although they are the major reason that we have the changes in EACs and affect profitability. There's other areas, too, in there, whether it's our performance or capital incentives, either on contract or that we anticipate. We either have those factors or they're in potential. There's risks and opportunities, so we can materialize more opportunities and risk that we realize. So that plays out every quarter that we do at EACs. We also do -- we have our contracts, especially RCOHs, that pop in here and both for the condition and the statement of work that could be fluid over the 2.5 to 3 years that those ships are here. This change, there's condition, it's cost to contracts. So there's change proposals that are in flux right there. We've talked a little bit about on several calls of unadjudicated change. And what you'll see -- what we see here is that the cost is already into the EACs. We conservatively book the recovery on those things. And as that plays out, there's a natural recovery of those true-ups to the contract performance. So there's elements of that that's happening behind the scenes as well as just the milestones. So that gives you some context for 2023. For 2024, there are still more milestones than usual. We have 3 deliveries and 3 launches. We're holding everything on the page that we gave you a quarter ago with the caveat on CVN 79. But there'll be a natural lift as we work ourselves through. We've talked about in the past Block IV and Block V volumes. So that will sit closer to the deliveries of the large ships that we have here. And then as we proceed forward with new contracts that will roll in both the performance and inflationary impacts that we've seen, and that will give us new targets. And then lastly, I'd add that as quarters and years go by here, obviously, the inflection point will hit from the production and learning. As we get this workforce up to speed, the more experienced, successive bills on follow-on shifts, there's a natural lift in profitability on that front as well.
Tom Stiehle: I just want to caveat that a little bit. We anticipated to be neutral. It's a benefit both of us and the customer to have that ship be more capable, have more functionality in it, and it will be to the latest configuration. And as we work ourselves through the negotiations on that contract, takes one more statement to work. We'll get scheduled, we'll adjust the targets, we'll situate that. Although we won't get the liquidation and the retention release next year, we'll have more statement of work and cost and cash that's running through the books. And it's our -- we anticipate that, that will be margin- and cash-neutral for the next few years through the delivery of that ship.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. Appreciate the question there, Myles. Yes, it is the same issue that we had last time. You'll note when you get the Q that the disclosure has improved from a top range to now we've taken a charge. And no, I wouldn't disclose the customer or the charge itself. It's not material to our financials. So you won't see them in the come correct, all right? So yes.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. So as we crossed over at the end of last year, Block V actually has more revenue than Block IV in it, although you find the programs for one better than 80% accomplished with 794 delivered, 796 to go, 798 floating off and then the successive years of the sell-off of 798, 800. So Block IV is significantly more complete with cost in the books here. Block V is still less than 30% complete right now. So there's a mix there. I have more volume on V and I still have a large amount of that program in front of me. As we talked about, I think, keeping the pedal to the metal on the labor, training that workforce, getting serial production cadence happening, which we see that with the operating system at the -- incorporated down there. I think all that's going to add to a real potential of additional profitability in Block V or IV. You don't see it yet, obviously, because it's early in the program. So good that we're getting the sales volume from the VCS program, a lot of interest in that. And we'll just keep working to get the production efficiency going on the VCS program.
Tom Stiehle: And if I could comment there too, Chris. We're obviously not happy with where we are right now. We're driving hard. We're being realistic with it. The strategy that we have that we've shared with The Street and shareholders is we anticipate and expect expansion of margin. We'll continue to fight through that, and we do that every day and every week here. We get realistic with the ranges that we give that definitely is attainable. We have strategies and plans, and the profiles and the forecast show that we can meet our forecast that we tell The Street. So we'll just keep you updated like we have every quarter, but the trajectory needs to go up, and we're working really hard every day to make that happen.
Tom Stiehle: A comment on the strategy front there, we're looking -- we think it's mix financial and program sense to buy 2 carriers at a time with 3 years of AP on 4-year centers, right? And that's what we're focused on. From a time frame, that would be -- we would be looking for a construction turn on in 2028 and then optimistically, AP in 2025, if not 2026. But that's the playbook we used last time. It's buying power for our customer, it's efficiency for the yard here. We get to buy 2 sets of -- when we materially in the buying efficiency from that. So that's what we're working closely with our customer on.
Tom Stiehle: Right. And I'd add the cost and projected future costs have been incorporated into our EACs. We've updated the milestone schedule here, George. You've seen that we have walked those over the last couple of years when COVID started, and there has been some charges at Newport News that you know about. So as Chris said, I'll reiterate that every 13 weeks, we take a look at the axles today. The ETC expected the forecasts, the material indices, how costs going to come in. And we are comfortable with how we're booked and -- both in the milestone chart that we give you from a scheduling perspective and obviously, what's put into the financial reports or from an EAC perspective.
Tom Stiehle: Yes, sir. So the gross favorable was 64 up. The gross unfavorable was 55 down. The net favorable obviously, was $9 million, you know what the math of that is. And that's made up of actually -- you'll see now in the Q, there's a revised disclosure that has that information. Ingalls is 14 up of the 9. MT is 4 up that now it's 18 up, and then the Newport News is cumulatively down $9 million. And really, that $9 million is the preponderance of a 7% shipbuilding versus 6, 7, and we had that discussion early on the outsourcing of CVN 80.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. So for the free cash flow, there's a rhythm in a cycle that we have. We usually cash users at the beginning of the year. We saw that in Q1. We had guided a minus $200 million to $300 million. We actually came in at minus 49. So we just had some better timing and collections in Q1. That's just probably pull ahead from Q1 to Q2. We're guiding a minus 150 for the back for Q2 now, the combined Q1 actual and the Q2 forecast. So we're still right on plan on where we thought we would be. And I think when I look where The Street perspective, if we add up both in the Q1 and Q2 expectation, we're slightly ahead of that, which is good. For the free cash flow kind of going forward here, you can look at it like 1 of 2 ways. We've talked about the top line revenue expansion. We haven't had a question on it here, but you heard in the remarks, almost 4%, 3.8% growth. Mission Technologies grew 5.8% this quarter and 3 -- in Q1. Year-over-year, it grew 3.5% from last quarter. And like Q4, every one of anti-Green Mission Technologies business unit expanded their top line. So that's a good sign right there. I really like what we're seeing. But I think that bolsters well. We had talked about long-term shipbuilding growth at 3%. It was 3.1% this quarter. We talked about long-term growth in Mission Technologies to be 5%, and it was 5.8%. The weighted mix should be 3.5%. But as we said, we came in at 3.8% this quarter. So the cases there and the numbers are playing out. From a Mission Technologies perspective, I would just leave you with they're in the year, they finished -- they're coming up on year 2 now this August. The restructures behind them, the leadership's chosen, the business units understanding. They've integrated operations, systems, processes. And I really think the team now has full-time focus and support on their objective of go win a lot of work and execute the contract. So I feel really good about that top line growth. Margin expansion, I know we've talked about it. There's an expectation that 8% to 10% that Mission Technologies would move that up. We had guided that, and that thesis is still in place to get from the low 8s to the higher end of the range of 8% to 10%. And we saw the EBITDA margins in pretty good shape, 8.2% last year. When we normalize out the booking for a joint venture sale that we have there, it was 8.6%. And this quarter, it's 8%. It's early in the year. So I think both the expansion of the top line and the bottom line is real, is in front of us. Managing our CapEx, we've guided to 3% here. So we've come off a high of almost 5% and upper 4s over the last 4 or 5 years, and that adds to the bottom line. We get through the adjustments for COVID, both the FICA and the COVID payments back. I think there's a natural lift that you'll see. Macro perspective, you can just take a look at that from a shipyard perspective, we were generating in the 4.75 to 5.50 just between the 2 yards. And then when you throw another $2.5 billion business with Mission Technologies that's growing annually, 8% to 9% EBITDA to take the midpoint at 9%, the math easily generates through taxes in the vicinity of about $200 million for Mission Technologies. So 500 to 700. So I'm comfortable that we'll get there. We've talked about the step up from '23 to '24 specifically will happen as we get into the cadence of production across both yards. And what we'll find is that working capital will come down a little bit. That will be the initial lift to get '23 up to '24. But then with the growth and the expansion of margin, we see us being $700 million plus -- $700 million to $700 million plus going forward in the out-years.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. I'll just -- I'll come behind that, too. That comes out every year, and we take a look at it and we might analyze it. I will tell you at times, you'll see ships and boats move. And at other times, they don't move. And sometimes they stick on a contract date for years, and then they move aggressively. I can tell you, from our perspective, we have -- we're aligned programmatically and -- with our customers on the status of the programs. We're aligned from both the milestones and schedules that we run our yards to, our master construction schedules that go into the milestones that we see to The Street. And then from an EAC perspective, to make sure we have the duration of the programs understood and priced in EACs. So I would not be overly concerned. At times, it's just risks and opportunities, when is the ship available, when is the crew available, when is the test sequencing to get the ships and boats out of here. So a lot goes into that. I wouldn't dismiss them. They're important, but our information is updated and evaluated every 13 weeks here. And I can tell you that the schedules and EACs are aligned to the current performance of both yards.
Tom Stiehle: I'll reiterate that, too. We've told you where we want to take it to. We haven't told you when because of the environment that we operate under 3 variants of the COVID virus, inflation, unforeseen inflation from a couple of years ago and then the tightness of the labor market going back 2 years and as we work ourselves through the back end of that right now. It just creates headwinds into the market. We tried to be as transparent with you as possible. We set our objectives and share our forecasts, and we have plans behind them to kind of make them, and then we got to fight through. And if new risks pop up, we got to find other opportunities. But clearly, we anticipate to incrementally expand our margin performance kind of going forward.
Tom Stiehle: Yes. I think that's just being conservative on where we are in timing. We'll see how that plays out. The quick turn quarters, especially in that business where the contract duration is shorter, a potential for recompetes and wins and when programs top online and things of that nature. So I think it's just us being more conservative. At our position for Q1, the run rate that's 24.96, we guided 2.5 for the year. So I'm feeling good about that. It's the largest quarter by far that MT has had with a line on it, and the 5.8% growth is fantastic. And then each of the business units growing is a great sign, too. And that's 2 quarters in a row of that happening. So I think there's some really good positive signs there. We don't want to overcommit, and that business is highly competitive. There's a lot of proposal working there, plus $60 billion of proposals. So half of that's qualified, a lot of moving pieces on when things either get awarded or delayed or extended or option year exercised. So we're just being conservative on how that plays out. I do think as we -- as I mentioned about restructuring in the rear-view mirror and the team even more focused and experience working together over there, the additions of the Chief Technology Officer that we have here, Eric Tuning, has been from executive S&D, all those will help mature that portfolio over there. So I do anticipate that although it's highly -- the portfolio has a lot of cost-type contracts in it, I think we'll see as we move push for more products and services, more technology than just the service side, and that will have a natural lift to and the profitability in there. So the guide we gave you was 8% to 10% EBITDA when we purchased the line, and that construct still holds here and expectation that we'll grow that up over the next couple of years.
Tom Stiehle: So that's a very specific question. I would tell you that each quarter, once we come through our DAC analysis, we evaluate performance, existing costs, we update our projections going forward, value material labor cost, schedule and overheads, all that goes into the construct of coming up with the booking rate. And then from there, we update our sets of opportunities and risks against that forecast. And from there, we'll make a determination of what the forecast is for ourselves and out to The Street here. So I would tell you that there's always the potential to either exceed the forecast or underrun it. Specifically, we think we book the risk on the CVN 80 outsourcing project accordingly. So I would not anticipate that to to continue to bleed. If anything, I'd like to see us do better than what we have in the plan right now from a risk mitigation standpoint. But I think the guidance still holds that I gave you between 7%, 7% and 8%. The back half will be better, and we'll just watch that play out.
