C. Michael Petters: Well, we've said from the beginning that the first thing we have to do is get the ships out of our system. The second thing we have to do is we have to let the ships that are at Ingalls to mature. And so our statements so far has been that we will be at -- we expect both of our businesses to be operating at 9% in 2015 and we really haven't tried to predict what's going to happen between now and then, except that there'll be an accelerating progression towards those numbers between now and then, and so that's kind of what we said and we'll continue to say that.
C. Michael Petters: Yes. We're continuing to evaluate a broad array of opportunities in both the energy and in the Jones Act and we've got some pretty -- we've got our own internal criteria for what we think -- how do we balance risk and rewards in those opportunities. And so at this point, while we're talking and working through a lot of different possibilities, we haven't come to one yet that we believe meets the requirements that we're looking for. So we just continue to look at that and work our way through that. There is still a lot of interest in the fabrication potential at Avondale to support the Energy segment. The challenge that we have, as we've mentioned before, is that that work is really not eminent. It's a little bit out there, and so the question is how do you get from here to there and so we continue to evaluate that, too.
C. Michael Petters: No. We're doing some unit construction to support Pascagoula's production of the LPDs 26 and 27, and so it's probably later in the year, but it's definitely next year.
C. Michael Petters: Yes, we have about 600 -- probably next year, we'll probably have a running rate of between 500 and 600 people.
C. Michael Petters: Okay. When you're in a shipyard where there's an array of programs, you have mature programs, you have new programs and you have various maturities in terms of where they are in their cycle relative to serial production. You end up with -- you blend all of their different returns together and you end up at a, I believe, in a 9% to 10% range is where you ought to be operating. The challenge that we've had over the past couple of years is that the programs that should have been -- if you're going to blend to 9%, that means that you're going to have some that you're going to be above that on and then some that you'll be below that on. The ones that should be above that are the ones that are the most mature, the ones you have the most experience with that you've done the most of. The newer programs, because of the risk of a new program and our conservative approach to not booking the income until we've retired the risk, means that in these younger programs, we're typically booking at something less than our target. So where we've been for the last couple of years is that the program that should have been our highest booking rates were actually our lowest. And so the first measure -- the first thing we have to do is get those ships out of the blend. We've got 4 of them gone. We've got one to go. The second thing you have to do is you have to take those programs that are new, and remember that in 2011, we said we needed to go and sign 5 contracts, well, we signed all 5 of those contracts. In fact, we signed more than that. But you have to give those programs that are new the time and the effort to retire risk before you can book them to the place where they need to be. So getting the first step done was something that we wanted to get done. We now expect to finish that by the end of first quarter 2014. That's when America will be gone, those 5 ships will be gone. The second part, though, requires a couple more years before those 5 new contracts that we signed will mature to the point where they're actively contributing to the full 9% target that we set. Now the third piece that has to happen is that, as those ships mature, you have come back in and you have the fill in more work behind that. And if you have followed what we've been saying for quite a while now, we are very focused on the 3 to 5-year horizon with the Navy and the Navy budgeting and the future of amphibs because it's the future work in amphibs that will fill in behind that, that will allow us to sustain our workforce, sustain our rate base and help make the blended rate all work together. So the first step is almost complete. We're not going to call it done until we're done, which is the delivery of America. The second step will take us until 2015 to let those programs mature, and let us retire the risk on the new contracts that we've signed since March of 2011. The first step is something that we're working on very, very much right now. We're actively engaged in an environment where there's not a whole lot of oxygen for a discussion about something that's 3 to 5 years from now. So that's kind of -- that's where it is. I'm not sure that we're going to be ever providing any sort of quarter-by-quarter or program-by-program breakout of how that blend comes together, but that's what we're up to.
C. Michael Petters: Without going into the rates, I would just tell you that our approach to any new program is to take a look at what's in the risk register when we sign the contract, determine what we think the effective starting booking rate will be, and then we adjust as we retire the risk. I mean, that is our very disciplined method for doing this across all of our programs at every stage of construction, and so I don't think of it as we're booking higher or lower than we've historically done. We are following our process.
C. Michael Petters: Well, we're not going to predict fourth quarter. But the issue is the ship is still in the yard. The ship will still be in the yard until February, because we're doing postdelivery items that we traditionally do and sail-away, I think, is scheduled now for February so...
C. Michael Petters: My CFO continues to remind everyone that our cash collections are very lumpy, and this is an example of what that's about. I mean, it's just timing.
C. Michael Petters: Yes. And I think, Miles, you're right. In fact, that's a tough discussion, and where we end up finding ourselves is in the negotiation of each of our contracts. There's a pretty healthy dialogue over what are the correct rates for the programs, especially when we're in those discussions today around CVN-79, which is a program that will take 8 years to build, and we're talking about Block 4 submarines, which is a 9 or 10-ship program, which will play out over at least that long. You're trying to make sure that in that discussion that you have a good enough view of your whole rate base, not just the pension side of it, but the whole workload and everything else, the education, the training, the retirements, retention, all that stuff because it's part of the discussion. And to the extent that we're able to negotiate that into the contracts appropriately, it doesn't become part of our risk register. But when we come out of the room with a signed contract, any of those things that we think have created some risk on the contract become part of the risk register, and now I'm back to the discussion I had before, which is, okay, so now we've got these items in our risk register, how does that affect our initial booking rates? So that's kind of a process. It's kind of looking at how we make the sausage, but we are -- find ourselves routinely discussing what we think the wage growth might be or the pension impact might be inside of a contract negotiation 7, 8 years from now, and that's what makes the business so much fun.
C. Michael Petters: I'll start and let Barb talk to this. I think this whole harmonization issue is something that the Pentagon has not yet quite put their own head around, and so as more and more -- again, we're not the biggest player in this pool right now. As more and more of the folks that have to deal with that -- have to deal with that through their own negotiations with the Pentagon, I think the Pentagon is going to have to continue to come to grips with it, and so that's my observation from where I sit is that this is -- the final chapter on harmonization has not been written yet so -- and I'll now turn it over to Barb from there.
C. Michael Petters: Well, we just -- first, our approach is that we're going to be -- continue to be very balanced in this. We will continue to look for ways to create overall value for our business, and that includes dividends and share repurchase. And just last week, we announced the doubling of our dividend, and we doubled the amount of the authorization for the share repurchase. Our board approved all of that last week. So I think we're on track with what we've said our approach will be, which is to be very balanced and find ways to continue to create value for everybody.
C. Michael Petters: Yes, that's -- thanks for that. I think the first answer -- the question -- the first question you asked was does the Navy want it? The answer is, yes, the Navy wants it. The second question is, can they fit it into their budget. This has been the dilemma is that if -- this is the piece of the budget that seems to be -- we've said before, carrier submarines, destroyers sit at the top of the Navy's list in terms of complexity and priority. Below that is amphibs. Somewhere in between destroyers and amphibs and surface combatants is where the line is in terms of affordability, and we've been on that now for quite a while. The reality is that this -- and the program you're talking about is the LXR program, which is a smaller amphib in the LPD. The reality is that you can make the LXR look a lot like the LPD, and take advantage of all of the engineering and work that we've already done, but the timing of that program is already too far out. And our view is "Let's keep the LPD production line hot instead of shutting it down and bringing it back. So that means that we really need to have another ship between LPD-27 and the LXR program. Now Congress has put $260 million out there to the Navy to say, "Hey, there's something you need to do with the amphib industrial base to keep this thing moving so that we can do this efficiently because we think that shutting down our production line would be an inefficient way to move ahead. All of that is in play, and all of that is part of our -- it's an imperative for us to go and try to continue to make that happen. And obviously, the challenge that we all are faced with right now is that it's really hard to have that discussion with anybody when you're moving from -- we went through a period when the government was shut down. We're now back up, operating under a CR with a -- all it can do is reflect last year, and we're only good until January when we're going to have this CR expire. It becomes really, really hard to have a discussion with anybody about, let's have a discussion about how do we keep a production line hot and be efficient and strategic in our thinking about an amphibious program that supports the long-term interest of the country when we seem to be operating the country on a month-by-month basis right now, and that's intensely frustrating and frankly is no way to run a railroad. And so we've got to get out of this cycle of moving from one crisis to another so that we can get back to a much more strategic discussion about how do we get -- how do we do what's the -- do the right thing for our war fighters and our sailors, and then ultimately, for the industrial base.
C. Michael Petters: Yes, I -- my crystal ball is completely fogged. I don't know what's different in January than where we are today, and I'm not sure I know what's different between -- we have this -- the budget committees are working to try to solve the budget, but there's a lot of good statements about we're going to solve this, but I don't see where the overlap is, and I don't know why this is any different than we had the BCA before. And so I'm not a political handicapper. I'm a shipbuilders. So that's why I'm kind of watching this, trying to figure out where the overlap is. I don't know where it is. It feels to me like this is going to be something where we won't see the overlap until the deal was done. And if that's the case, it may be January '14 before we finally understand where everything's going. And if that means we're back to regular order, that would be great. If that means that we have a CR with anomalies, that would be okay. If that means we end up with a CR with no anomalies and it's a clean -- a 12-month CR, that would not be good, and that would be -- not be good across a lot of programs, and so that's kind of the way we're handicapping it right now.
C. Michael Petters: Well, the Navy's already announced the plan to push it out and operate on the construction preparation contract, and so we're engaging with the Navy on working our way through that. I'd kind of start with, if you go back to the whole budget discussion, I mean it's considered a new start. So if you're not able to do a new start, that creates a whole set of dilemmas for us in January if we're not able to go forward, but I expect that we will. I actually think cooler heads will prevail, and that we'll be able to move forward on both the submarine contract as well as the construction preparation, and then ultimately the detail design and construction contract. Whether we actually get the detail design and construction done before the end of '14 or if it goes into '15, I'm not sure I can handicap that today.
C. Michael Petters: Yes, I'll start with that. I don't think that I've said much different than that. When you go to negotiate the contract, any of our contracts, though, you're looking at the whole package. We do a lot on each line item and there's a whole lot of discussion on each line item, but in the end, it's a total rate package, it's a total labor package, it's a total material package, and that all comes together to be a contract. And so yes, there's a -- if you're going to push the balloon in one space, you got to make up for it somewhere else, and so that's kind of the approach that ends up being taken. You want the discussions to be very fact-based, and that's where the negotiations comes in because you kind of start out, both parties kind of start out with what they wish things would be like, and you end up with facts getting in the way of all that, and you end up with a contract that's more fact-based instead of hope-based. And so that's a -- that's kind of our approach it, and I don't think that we do much different than anybody else there. And I'll let Barb take up any more than that.
C. Michael Petters: Thank you. I appreciate your interest in the call this morning. I would like to point out again that we're very excited about how the quarter went, even though there were a lot of moving parts here. It does sort of show the challenge of shipbuilding. As Barb would say, shipbuilding is government accounting on steroids, and we have absolutely been experiencing that for the last quarter. But I would say that inside the gates of our operations, things are going very well, and we are on track with all of the targets that we have set for ourselves. I'm probably just in the crowd of folks who are frustrated with some of the things that are going on outside the gate. We do what we can do try to influence that, but our focus continues to be on what do we need to do inside the gates for this business to be successful. We're very proud of the work that our team is doing, what our employees are doing, and we are delivering tremendous products to our customers and our customers are very, very happy with the product that we got. And we are -- even today, we have another great product that we see on builders' trials demonstrating the capability of the craftsmanship of our people. So with that, we're going to continue to keep the focus inside the gates, and try to influence things outside the gates, and we look forward to talking you guys over the next quarter. Thank you all very much.
Barbara A. Niland: Yes, we said it was similar to what we -- the charge we took the same time last year, which was a little over $20 million in total.
Barbara A. Niland: And Jason, I'll add, you'll see when we file the Q in our cumulative contract adjustment side, there's a favorable adjustment on NSC that you'll see as part of that. And so, as Michael was talking, the contracts are starting to mature. We're retiring risk, and just because of all the other moving parts this quarter, it doesn't stand out.
Barbara A. Niland: We won't collect the retention until after delivery. So it does move those cash collections into 2014.
Barbara A. Niland: Well, there's a couple pieces, okay? There's the part that's associated with accelerated depreciation on the assets, okay. And then there's actual cost of closure, which is severance and facility work, okay? So in our -- we said it was $57 million for closure cost and what you're seeing right now is we have to accelerate the depreciation of assets. That's $52 million, and as a result of that, you had an increased cost to our cost type contract work there, and that increase in cost reduced the margin. So we took a $17 million charge for that, okay? So we had that margin impact, and we gave you a range of $15 million to $20 million. It ended up being $17 million. So I think that explains the margin impact and the cost of closure.
Barbara A. Niland: Yes, it will be -- it is being -- the depreciation is being accelerated in our rates and getting charged on the last of the work we're completing on the DDG-1000 program there, and so it's being recovered in the contract.
Barbara A. Niland: On the G&A, with the litigations that we've been with FM and the different litigation, we've seen a little bit of a spike in G&A. So when you think about it, right now, you're paying higher state taxes on our taxable income, so don't mind that. And the other side of it is we're seeing a little bit of increase in legal expenses that are causing that, Brian.
Barbara A. Niland: I wouldn't say it's seasonal. I think it's really just related to whatever. If there's extra BMP, if we're doing actual proposals, what happens in the legal expense side and then the last part of it is just the taxable income. So I wouldn't say expect that trend. We'll just have to see what happens in the quarter.
Barbara A. Niland: You will see some spikes and overtime. It really depends on what events occur in the shipyard, where we are and how we're progressing on each individual ship. So like in this quarter, we had the NSC-4 launch, and our performance is going very well on that ship, and we were able to retire risk on that ship. So you won't see it next quarter because there's no big milestone next quarter. So you will get a little bit of the peaks and valleys, and that's why we say you can't look out at quarter-to-quarter. You have to look at us from a perspective of a year there.
Barbara A. Niland: Well, how about if we wait until the fourth quarter, and I'll actually give you each of the pieces. What I have right now is just the net, but you're directionally in the right direction.
Barbara A. Niland: Yes, Miles, negotiations are tough. They're pushing back on what our CAS assumptions are for pension returns and also discount rate, and so it just adds to the top part of the negotiations. They want us to use higher pension returns and higher discount rates that are unrealistic, and we try to push them back to a more realistic position, and fortunately, we've been doing okay there, but it's tough. It's tough.
Barbara A. Niland: So that's all in our restructuring proposal. So what we have in the restructuring is the assets, the accelerated depreciation on the assets, and then the cost associated with closing the facility, which includes severance and also things like retention for people we needed to keep to finish LPD-25 and 26 work. So all that's included in our restructuring proposal so it's $256 million, and that hasn't changed. That's held -- been holding pretty steady for the last year.
