Michael Petters: Okay, I think first of all, Carter you're right. We've had a lot of we got a lot of stuff thrown at us in the last 12 months. And we took a pretty good body blow back a year ago with attendance and relative to the pandemic and the impact that had on our ability to retire risk. We recognized that in Q2, but what came out of that was. We've stabilized our employment levels. We've stabilized our scheduling. We've actually created the mechanisms in our risk register so that we know where we are and where we're going and where we need to get. It helps a lot that we have this backlog that we're working off of and where we are now is that - when you come through a crisis like this as a leadership team the connectivity, the tools that you've put in place, the innovation that has happened. You're taking advantage of all of that and as you move forward you start to look at what we actually accomplished. While we started at the beginning of the pandemic thinking that we needed to preserve 25,000 people. We have just hired over the last five years in our workforce. We've done that. We actually have hired between 5,000 and 6,000 people since the pandemic started that's pretty creative and innovative, if you will. And that's, and we still have pretty robust hiring plans going forward. Our case rates today are lower than they have been since last summer that's inside of our yard and the quarantine volume today is lower than it's been, really since this began. We have actually administered vaccines to we've administered vaccines to about a third of our workforce on top of where - they're widely available to the rest of the employees who are getting them not to us. And so, we're seeing a pretty steady rhythm now our folks are at work there engaged. We understand what needs to be done and we're actually getting stuff done. I think the change, where we moved Chris over to be the Chief Operating Officer and really create more management bandwidth on how do we manage that risk going forward and how do we make sure that we're doing what we said we were going to do has really helped. And so I don't know, I guess I've been around for a long time, but I feel really good about where we are right now in terms of doing what we said we're going to do.
Michael Petters: Thanks, Doug. That's a great question when we actually kind of kick around a lot is, are we thinking about this the right way. I think at a macro kind of at the higher level what we see is that the shipbuilding execution plan is on a much longer rhythm then the shipbuilding theoretical plans like a 30-year plan comes out, I don't know every couple of years. But the contracts we have ships right now that are under contract to deliver. I mean Doris Miller deliveries in 2032. So what is that like four 30-year plans between now and then. So we look at those plans, not so much as the precision of the plan, but more about what's the intent of the plan. And what we're seeing in the intent of the plan you've acknowledged that they move around a little bit, but what we see in those movements is maybe wants to move to a Navy that has many ships, faster ships, maybe smaller ships, cheaper ships. So our investments are aimed in that direction. Now that doesn't mean they are not going to build aircraft carriers or submarines, because I think they are, but they're going to want to build aircraft carriers more efficiently. They're going to want to build submarines more efficiently. They want to build more submarines more efficiently. When it comes to the non-nuclear ships amphibs, destroyers, frigates those kinds of platforms go. They either go through class change or block changes and our challenge is to be agile enough to respond to the customers' requirements, and do that as effectively and efficiently as we can. So the investments we make in our facilities are designed to be able to do that. There are multipurpose, multi-product kinds of investments. We'll do a capital investment at Ingalls that will apply to four classes of ships. We’ll do capital investments at Newport News that you can use for carriers or submarines, and so that's kind of the way we think about that as opposed to, we need to go make a big investment for pick your program that three years from now may evaporate. We don't do that. So that's kind of the way we sized and thought about this generational investment we made over the past five years or so, a couple of billion dollars in our shipyards. We think that positions us very, very well for the direction that we think the Navy is going to end up going. And we'll probably have lots of discussion about whether it's one more submarine or one less destroyer all that sort of thing, but it means our investments were still the right thing to do.
Michael Petters: I don't know, Doug, I guess maybe, but I would say that I would caution anybody from thinking about that question is a binary question that it's either one or the other. It's going to be - kind of a transformation, that's going to be product line specific. Most of the shipyards in this country build a product. Our shipyards build - several classes. We build four classes of ships at Ingalls. We build carriers and submarines at Newport News and refueling and all that sort of thing. So we do multiple classes of ships in our shipyards. We think that serves us pretty well for whatever direction the future is going to be, and if the environment is going to be more competitive. So be it. We're happy to compete.
Michael Petters: So in shipbuilding, I think that we'll start with that. I think that if there is an expansion of a product line say and there has been some discussion about what's the industry's ability to support expansion of say, the submarine product line. We certainly want to be able to take full advantage of that. In the same way, if the Navy wants to expand in the frigate space we want to be able to assist that if we need to be able to go and do that. And then I think it's - engagement on the planning and design piece for. So what happens to the future of amphibs probably that's mid to long-term, probably not near to mid-term. And what happens with the carrier is, are there going to be CVN 82 going to have some design for affordability put to it and are we going to engage in that. I mean frankly CVN 82 is a ship that starts to show up here, I mean it's - you got a contract in 27 or 28. So making sure that that stays on track that's come of the way we think about it in shipbuilding. In the Technical Solutions space, we've made a big investment in unmanned and expansion of the unmanned business I think is something that. Now that we made that investment and we have a portfolio, it's up to us to make sure that we capture that expansion. Of all the budget items that I see out there, the unmanned budget item is probably going to have the largest percentage growth over the next five in my view. We've established - as Chris kind of alluded to a minute ago, we've established our position as a department of energy prime and there is a lot of work over there that needs to be done and we are pursuing all of that very aggressively. We think that's a really great spot for us to be in takes advantage of capability that we have in our shipbuilding business, but it gives access to another customer, and we've done very well with that and we look to continue to expand that. And then ISR space, where we've really actually done well and we expect to do well going forward. So we kind of look at that it's kind of capability dependent based on what our customers’ needs for capability are, but that's kind of how we think about it. Where do we think our customers are going to want to be in three to five years and how do we make sure we get there and help them get there.
Michael Petters: Actually, the challenge we had in Q2 was on Block IV, George. And we've got a rhythm in Block we're establishing a rhythm in Block IV, that's going to carry through and help us do really well on Block V. So I don't know Chris if you want to add to that.
Michael Petters: And I'll just add the Ford at sea as much as probably more than any other ship in the fleet last year. It's the training carrier for the East Coast and the Navy would will say and they have said they can quote you the number of Traps the number of launches. The number - the tons of ordnance that they've moved on the weapons elevators how easy it is to operate, how much power density changes from the Nimitz’s class. I mean it is a centerpiece of the design is a centerpiece of the Navy strategy going forward and the ship is coming together really well. I mean getting ready to go towards their shock trial so all systems at our green and full speed ahead.
Michael Petters: I'm not sure I know how to handicap that one of the first things I learned at the Academy 40 years ago was that there is countermeasures and then there's counter, countermeasures and there's counter, counter, countermeasures. And what happens is the technology races ahead at a speed that's lot different than the build cycle of a ship. And so the question is what kind of platform. You're going to need to work technology. If you look at the Flight III destroyer and you look at what they're trying to do with it that ship is pretty full. And so is there a - if the technology is going to require that kind of space and weight than it probably need something different to carry it forward. How we get there as an industry to design that and create a platform that has the margin, if you will for future technological upgrades. I think the Navy is - and the industry are having a pretty robust discussion about that right now. And I'm not sure I'm ready to handicap how it's going to turn out.
Michael Petters: Yes, I'd tell you, we are in the zone Noah so between 6% and 7% will be the norm, a 6.5% is a good estimate on your part. I tell you that the mix moves around at both yards as far as where the ships are so as ships get either sold off or mature when they take a step up and/or you have new ships that's spotted lower booking rate that mix changes. I wouldn't read too much into that where we need to be from a plan perspective and against our guidance that we gave you there. So yes, I think you got that right.
Michael Petters: Yes, we have a broken that out yet. And so we'll just, we'll let you know when we're ready to break it out.
Michael Petters: Yes, we're pushing hard to get NSC 12 appropriated. I think it's kind of like the Navy side where we're kind of living off of the works done on the FY 2022 budget, before this administration got here. And I think the administration now is doing a kind of a top to bottom review of all of that stuff. That's why frankly for DoD you've just seen the top line number come out with not any details behind it. Our view is there is a lot of strong support for the National Security Cutter. The Coast Guard - is gainfully using that platform around the world and we're proud to be able to partner with them to get it done and we're going to continue to pursue it.
Michael Petters: I think we'll see. I think we're just a lot of new players are coming to the table to have a discussion around it. We're happy to provide whatever requirement the nation needs in that platform.
Michael Petters: Yes, we're at normal levels. Yes, we are at normal levels now. I mean, we have our lowest case rates since last summer. We have the fewest number of people in quarantine since last summer. Our third of our workforce, we've actually vaccinated one-third of the workforce. And the workforce is getting vaccinations in other places as well. And so what that's doing is that's just driving our case rates down pretty dramatically. We hired 6,000 people during the pandemic, our hiring plans continue and. And so, we're moving ahead, we expect that by 1st of June, the people in our shipyards that have - that want to get the vaccine will have had access to get it. And so, we're moving ahead.
Michael Petters: Yes, so 80 and 81 are the two ships under contract. 82 is the ship that's out there, Chris alluded to my ancient history as being a program manager. I was actually a program manager for the Stennis and Truman, which was the last time we've built two ships at the same time. I can tell you that the second ship absolutely benefits from the first ship in the way that the teams move from one platform to the next. The learning curves are there. It's kind of hard to think about learning curves on ships that deliver four or five years apart, but they actually it's real. And as you get to the second ship you have well trained crews, who have been through this who are working through it, who are capturing lessons and they are carrying lessons learned with them into that platform. Then the trick will be how do you take what we've learned at 81 and make sure that you do that with 82 and what that means is 82 is got to be on time. If you delay 82, and I've seen this over my whole career, you start spreading these things back out, you start breaking those learning curves. So what 80, 81 means is that you're going to get great efficiency there. I think the Navy advertised $4 billion of efficiency across the enterprise, which that's pretty significant. If you spread that out and you delay 82 and you push it out, you're going to start to cut into that efficiency pretty dramatically. That's what happened after Stennis and Truman of 74 and 75, really came together very nicely. Then we kind of push 76 out to the right a little bit. And then we push 77 out to the right a little bit. And then we push 78 out to the right a little bit. And so all of that we're trying to capture that back. And I would, no surprise, I would argue that the next carrier contract should also be a two-ship by 82 and 83. So but that's just me.
Michael Petters: Well, thanks for that and thanks for joining us today, and we certainly hope that you and your families are all staying safe and our healthy in this environment as we kind of come through the pandemic. But one final thought for you all, as I'd like to direct your attention to our Investor Relations page on our website, and take a look at our corporate sustainability report. We've been doing a lot of work over many years around these kinds of issues related to sustainability. But we've collected all of that and created a virtual report for you to take a look at, and it's only been up there. I don't know over couple of months, and it's a pretty dynamic presentation, but I'm very proud of what this company does relative to our communities, relative for our employees, for their families, for our customers. I'm very proud of what we do and how we do it, and this is a chance for us to kind of brag about a little bit. So if you get a chance take a look at that. And as always, I appreciate your and we appreciate your interest in our company. Your engagement with us and any feedback that you have, and we look forward to seeing you again soon. Thanks.
Tom Stiehle: Good morning, Carter. Yes, so relative to inflation, our contracts they are much longer term. We have the benefit here with long lead contracts and from a planning horizon and the backlog that we have to plan our work out. So, we have a site as far as the materials that we need additionally, where we put together our proposals and the contracts that we bring home. We generally want to see those POs in place. They’re backstopped by proposals and commitments shortly - they are after the award. So what we're seeing, I've talked about yards just this week as matter fact at that point. We're not seeing tremendous amount of inflation across the purchases that we have. And we’re not having a problem feeding yards from a material perspective. We do see going forward as we're getting new quotes that the span of the validity of the quote is short. I think the contractors are staying light on their feet as far as what they are committing to, but relative to our contracts and our performance, we don't see an impact right now.
Tom Stiehle: Sure, as I related in my comments, opening comments there, there's not a tremendous amount of milestones that we have in Q2, Q3, it's just a pacing year right now. So we're watching the volume come through at the present booking rates that we have right now. We think the first half of the year will come in around the midpoint of the guidance. And then we have milestones in the back half of the year, that - if retired have some potential there, but obviously we have to burn that off as the year kick by.
Tom Stiehle: Yes, I'll take that hey Ron. It's Tom here. So a couple of things, we have got it from 3%, 5%. You're right, it is 2.7% quarter. Right now, we saw a little bit of volume shortfall there as we're waiting for awards and the sales to come along with those awards for the year. Just with COVID and the announcements of where we are and some recompetes, it’s just a little bit - behind relative to guidance of 3% to 5%, but the year still in front of us, we haven't changed our guidance, we think TS will be at year's end.
Tom Stiehle: So a little bit, good morning, George a little bit color on that is, 86 was the up - was the favorable 36 is down net 50 across the yards about 9010 at Ingalls. Only significant drivers on the upside there were the LHA 8, we usually don't give guidance or information on the specific ship so 35 kind of heavy there. Ingalls’ had a good quarter on top of the LHA 8 hitting the 25% vessel complete milestone where they reevaluate the risk and they re-strike the EAC. We did have a change proposal that definitize they have been focused our cost management there so overall it was a good quarter for Ingalls. There was no - the significant upsides or downsides that I probably highlight here.
Tom Stiehle: Yes, the Q has the information on LHA 8. So we're not  you'll see that you're about $10 million heavy. But as I say, the other aspects of it change management. We've definitize the change down there not only significant. And then just a good performance in LPD 28 is coming along and paying attention on cost. 14% high so I wouldn't expect that going forward, but they cleaned up well, and they didn’t get bit for the quarter so that's where he landed.
Tom Stiehle: So we told you 7%, 8% this year low 8% next year. We had mentioned that I can go forward and then Chris gave the guidance for Q4 in February, had mentioned that hey this is a pacing year and then as we get into 2022 and 2023 we'll see more ship deliveries. So there is the potential there and the plan has this moving upward. And obviously, as the quarters kind of click off or burn down that risk and we'll realize those margin expansion that we discussed.
Tom Stiehle: Yes, it seems significant as far the change if you do the math - there is something there, but - we really don't want to chase it on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Since we strong over to Safe Harbor we really kind of mitigated the CAS variability and already we're at a limited contributions over the projection that Chris gave in February again. The mac contribution was $80 million half of that post retirement benefits. So and then also obviously the projections on pension it's going to be equally a function the discount rate is that changes and the plant performance, between those three variables. We're not going to update as recorded here. We'll give you a look see at Q3, that's the normal cadence for the remainder of the year in 2022. And then as 2021 closes out we will give you a fresh look at a 5-year projection next February.
Tom Stiehle: Yes, so the opinion that we have on that is not constructive to - from an investment standpoint and R&D if I have to amortize over five years. So we'll have to see how that legislation flows out. We have run some models on that. It's not a tremendous impact it does obviously affect the cash on it. I mean our model say, it could be in the 50-ish range $50 million to $100 million range, and we'll have to see how that legislation unfolds.
Tom Stiehle: Right, you got to amortize it over five years. Those credits and that's an evaluation we do annually against the portfolio that we have so.
Tom Stiehle: Thanks, Joseph. So I just said early on that. Our contracts are a little bit more long-term and say across other industries. We do have the planning cycle long lead on our contracts. We usually our process here as we want to make sure that we have as much material understood on the quote. So when we go on award, the risk of inflation hitting, our handshake values is low on that. Additionally as contracts run out, there are some contracts here with the carriers’ six to seven or eight years, and we bought the material much further where it's tough to get that quote. We still have EPA, indices and pricing bands with the customer that we share in both the potential on the run or the overrun in that. And then obviously these contracts FBI’s so there is some sharing there. But like more immediate as we post right now for the execution of the contracts that we're working today. We don't see that right. I mean there is pockets here and there a piece of material that may be late. But on the whole material is being flown into the yard at the expected times and expectation of costs that the contracts that send it around. So hope that hit the answer to your question.
Chris Kastner: Yes, so that's all kind of contained in the 3% guidance that we talked about from a growth standpoint. The benefits of the bundle are pretty clear, when you can order those three ships together and sequence the work in an efficient manner. You're going to absolutely get savings. So it's something we support, it's something we're working very closely with the Navy. If we are not able to get that, we'll get those ships under contract incrementally it just will not be as efficient.
Chris Kastner: Ron, I can add to that. There is - in our equity accounting relative to the nuclear space, the timing of some of those are slated towards second and fourth quarter. So you see - you don’t generally see that happening in the first quarter. So it's a bit lumpy, and we usually start light.
Chris Kastner: I can add on Block IV we hit some important milestones in the first quarter with Montana floating off and New Jersey getting pressure hull complete through important milestones on the balance of the year there for VCS Block IV getting Montana deliver and getting New Jersey floated off. So we're watching those milestones very closely. Good progress online channel I am getting ready for delivery. So we're optimistic on kind of the rhythm and the momentum on the Block IV contract right now.
Chris Kastner: Yes, this is Chris. And I'll let our ex-aircraft carrier program manager Mike talked about it after me. But yes, really positive interaction with the Navy on the Ford weekly interaction on the Ford, especially on the weapons elevators got seven of those turned over Ford will be done this summer so really positive interaction that work will go on for a while, but nothing not really material going forward, but yes it's been positive. The Newport News team is performing very well and I think the Navy is very pleased with the performance of that ship right now.
Chris Kastner: Yes, this is Chris. We don't break out the growth rate by the two shipyards. We have historically said that Ingalls is more flattish moving forward and a lot of the growth is coming from Newport News, but we don't give specific growth rates.
Chris Kastner: Yes, Gautam I could add we've delivered through nine, as you're probably aware 11 kind of 11 on the production there at Ingalls 11 delivers on the 2024 timeframe. As Mike indicated very capable ship and we're working with the Coast Guard for potentially and the Congress to get 12 on the contract.
Chris Kastner: We had a competition a few years ago where the competition was around and LHA and a TAO. And we won the LHA, and our friends at NASCO won the TAOs. So we've been building ships in this country for over 200 years. I would say that there is probably precedent for just about everything that's out there.
Chris Kastner: Yes, no that's a really good question. I do, I have had the opportunity to work at Ingalls as a CFO there. And then my corporate CFO job reviewing all the processes at Newport News. And there are significant things that happen within each of the yards and even internal solutions that can be shared. One example I can give is supply chain, the supply chain teams work very closely with each other. They bundle procurements, they look at capacity across the spectrum and they do a very good job at that, their operating systems are a bit different, but they learn from each other, and we bring best practices in the operating systems as well. So I can talk for days on the things we're working on across shipbuilding and within Technical Solutions to learn from each other. But those are just a few of them.
Chris Kastner: Yes, so another good question. Digital is absolutely being utilized within Newport News and building a CVN 80 - it's preparing for utilization on the Columbia class. So it's absolutely an investment we're making. It's paying off the craft and the traits like the new product and we're hoping for really great things to come from that.
Chris Kastner: We have definitely seen a percent increase in savings. We haven't published anything to that regard. It's just at the beginning stages on 80. So we don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but we are achieving savings yes.
