Mike Petters: Thanks Dwayne. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on today's call. This morning, we released third quarter 2021 financial results that included another quarter of consistent shipbuilding program execution. Let me share some highlights from the quarter starting on Slide 3 of the presentation. Sales of $2.3 billion were up 1% from the third quarter of 2020 and diluted EPS was $3.65 down from $5.45 in the third quarter of 2020. New contract awards during the quarter were approximately $600 million, resulting in backlog of approximately $50 billion at the end of the quarter, of which approximately $24 billion is funded. Shipping to activities in Washington, the federal government began the new fiscal year under a continuing resolution, which funds government operations through December 3.  And we continue to urge Congress to proceed expeditiously and remain optimistic that the defense appropriations and authorization processes will be completed in the months ahead. As bill's progress through both chambers of Congress, we continue to see bipartisan support for our programs reflected in the defense appropriations and authorization bills in the House and the Senate. We're pleased that the 4 defense oversight committees have shown strong support for shipbuilding to include adding a second, Arleigh Burke-class destroyer, which is a navy -- a top navy priority for fiscal year 2022.  The appropriations bill also include language in support of a DDG 51 follow-on multi-year procurement contract in FY23. So, as I prepare to close, let me give a quick update on COVID-19. We continue to work with our customers to satisfy the requirement for federal contractors to have their workforce vaccinated against COVID-19 by December the 8 2021. At HII we remain committed to promoting and protecting the health and safety of our employees, their families, and their communities, and continuing to serve our customers and the vital national security interest of our country without disruption as an essential contributor to the nation's critical infrastructure.  We view our workforce of approximately 44,000 employees as critical partners in this effort and continue to help our unvaccinated employees meet this requirement as safely and efficiently as possible. We will continue to evaluate how the vaccine mandate and Delta variant impact our workforce as well as material availability from our supply chain and we expect to have more to share during the fourth quarter earnings call in February. And finally, let me recap what HII has done from a portfolio shaping perspective over the past 20 months. In short, we have done exactly what we said we would do during our February 2020 Investor Day.  First, we have positioned the Technical Solutions business in growth markets that support the constantly evolving requirements of our customers. And second, we have demonstrated the financial flexibility to pursue these critical growth opportunities while maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings and continuing to return capital to shareholders.  And following the closing of the aligned transaction during the quarter, our team is laser-focused on a successfully integration in order to produce the financial returns we expect, we're also ensuring that our core ship building programs are achieving key production milestones in order to generate strong free cash flow, which will enable deleveraging of the balance sheet while continuing to return capital to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. We firmly believe that these are the appropriate steps to generate significant long-term sustainable value for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. And now I will turn the call over to Chris for some remarks on the operations. Chris.
Mike Petters: Right. Miles, this is Mike. Right now, we're, I'd say, roughly around 75%. We've seen a tremendous uptick in the last 30 days and folks getting the vaccine. I think the breaking news right now, it looks like the executive orders being moved out into January and the -- and they're talking about having your shot by January, not completely through the quarantine. So, we're going to have to interpret it how all that plays out. We're working very closely with our customers on how do you implement the executive order.  I mean, the executive order is -- we've been -- we have been, from a policy standpoint, we have been directly aligned with what the white house put out. But as you hinted at there, the executive order is not contractual. And so, working with our customers on all of our contracts to figure out how best to implement that executive order is what we're doing, and we're doing that across the board. So, we're continuing to move ahead. Our ambition is to get as many of our employees vaccinated as we possibly can because we are committed to a safe workplace and we think that's the best way to do it.
Mike Petters: Well, I'll start and then let Chris pick it up. When we kicked off block 4 the contract took quite a while to negotiate that contract and as a result, there was some late material procurement, material that kind of helped, helped us get off to a rocky start relative to that program as well as the ramp up in production. So, we had a lot of things moving, a lot of parts moving on the beginning of block 4. But we don't have any of those partners moving at the building of block 5. And so, we're -- the transition for us is moving basically, seamlessly from block 4 into block 5, pretty excited about that and pretty optimistic about where that's going to go.
Mike Petters: We pride ourselves on having very constructive relationships with our labor partners and I don't think this will be any different than that.
Mike Petters: This is Mike. I don't think you're too far off there, just in general. I think general principles are -- it's really hard to pin down the development, path, and timeline for a new program like this, this early in the process. They are trying to work through -- how do they fund the design, how they fund the project? When are they going to have it, where the requirement is going to be? That's a pretty dynamic thing and so trying to pin that down precisely. It is a bit of a challenge. And our general view is that you don't really want to stop production of a line until you're ready to move to a mature design product going forward.  So as that product matures, it will interact. The construction work that's going on So, DDGs today, the flight 3 ships will -- my -- we certainly will advocate and believe that the best prudent course ahead will be to continue to build flight threes until that designer is maturing. We're ready to go into production on that. And if that happens to be 20 something else, then it's 20 something else, and then we will be ready. As far as the competition for that goes, it'll -- that will just lay in as that program matures, we'll get more visibility into what the competition -- when it might be, what it would look like, and that sort of thing.  I think it would be a mistake though for there to be any sort of curtailment in the destroyer program. Anticipating some kind of maturation path. We kind of went down that path in a couple of programs during my career, we've done that with submarines. We did that, actually, with DDGs and we tried to transition over to the 1,000s and then transitioned back. So, we had a gap and then short program. Our industry is full of people who have seen gaps in production become tremendous problems for restarts of production. So, let's keep the production line moving. And when the production line, when the design to churn off to transition, we will transition it.
Mike Petters: Well, I think, you're reading that right. We are -- we have a great product line there and we're very excited about what we've done. But right now, there's just this -- in the contest for resources it's not fairing very well. So, we'll probably just leave it at that.
Mike Petters: Well, thank you. And I want to thank everyone for joining us on today's call. Before I close, I wanted to pass on to you that Dwayne Blake has informed me that he wishes to retire.
Mike Petters: Yeah. I've already turn it down a couple of times. But Dwayne and his family, they've been parts of our family here for 37 years. His personal support for all of us here at Huntington, it -- throughout his career, but especially in his last position here had just been extraordinary. So, when you call today to harass Dwayne about the filing or the call, just remember, he's a short timer now and so he might have some leverage in that call. With that, we wish Dwayne and his family well, and we wish them all the best as they move forward with the next chapter of their lives. And with that, we appreciate your interest in HII and we welcome your continued engagement and your feedback. Thank you very much.
Tom Steely: Hey, good morning, Myles, it's Tom. I'll start with that one. So, from an outlook perspective, we did go to the bottom end of the range. As you recall, we gave you 2 to 8 for the beginning of the year. As we see how the quarter played out right now, what's left in front of us right now. We -- when I move to shipbuilding revenue expectation that $8.2 billion. A couple of points on that right now, we're a little light on material specifically at Ingalls. If you look from a Newport News perspective, net revenues were flat.  Obviously, a little look back from a PTC perspective, but when we're talking about shipbuilding, the material lag behind roughly about $40 million in the quarter. And as we look forward into Q4. All right. That could persist. You don't see significant labor oppression at this time that's going to impact our revenue. We have a keen on right now with the EO and the mandate and how that's changing very dynamic situation there, as well as keeping an eye on our supply chain to see how the material flows here. But it's just timing right now as we see the outlook. And as I say, it's still in the range that we gave you at the beginning of the year.
Tom Steely: Good morning. It's Tom. Yes, it is. The progress payments are the predominance of the change that we have right now. Obviously, another quarter with rich retirement, and we have actual -- through Q3 and we have a line of sight for the end of the year, but predominantly the change there was because of the progress payments not getting kicked into the 2022-time frame. Keep in mind to that year-end,  we have to get back half of the payroll bike attacks that we did not pay in 2020. So that's baked into the numbers. So, it's timing and within the 32, it still holds.
Tom Steely: Sure. Yeah, it's Tom here. I will take that one. So, we've had this conversation on the last couple of calls and we're watching that and intently, regularly to touch base with the supply chain offices out Cabot, each of the yard, some of speed exactly on where the stand right now, as we've given in the past, because of the nature of our long-term contracts, long-term material orders that start ahead of the construction of these contracts. And then obviously with the backlog that we have this spin-off contracting, you have line of sight of the work that's going to be performed in the yards.  A significant amount of those requirements has already been put on order and we're managing them aggressively over the next  material flows in hits the end-year need dates. Preponderance of the material is coming in on time and meeting the contractual needs that we have within the art. I would tell you that recently, less 3 to 6 months that as we have spot orders, what we're seeing is a little bit of volatility in pricing and the validity days of shrinking a little bit on things that we have spots high.  But from a perspective of Execution of the existing contracts we have we don't see a significant impact at this time. Obviously, we're watching how the EO mandate impacts a supply chain. And the precious that we do, we do here are our second and fifth third tier were dependent on the raw materials. So copper cabling, things of that nature. But again, as we stand here today, the supply chain that we need because of how we've contracted at work in advance, has us maintaining schedule at this time.
Tom Steely: Yes. So, because of how we put that division together with the acquisitions, purchase, intangibles, and things of that nature. If you noticed, we've been guiding and driving towards an EBITDA relationship against the performance and where we see. You've noticed from the announcement we had on the July time frame and then with July, close in August, we've got  on how that was going to cause a lift there. From a rough perspective, we were at 45%. We dialed in from an EBITDA perspective to be in the 8% to 10% range by 2024. Both the initial guidance we gave you in the July time frame of Alion supported that. As we sit today after the close in August and that close to the quarter with Alion cranked into our financials.  They're hovering on the low end of the range right now so that's good news because that's more than 50% of that portfolio. I think going forward as we see those purchase intangibles get burnt off for the next 3, 4, 5 years going forward, obviously that's going to be an improvement. I would tell you that PI is baked into the rocks, although the rocks, even for this quarter TSD is 2.6% with $8 million of purchase intangibles when you roll that out at the 5.3% last quarter and the EBITDA is at 7% right now. So that's a near-term perspective and how I see it evolving in the out years.
Tom Steely: Hey, George. It's Tom here. Good morning. Yes. I'll take that. Just a couple of moving parts there. We guided Q2 going into Q3 would be licensed for it would be a little bit heavier than that. We have pulled a couple of incentives at Newport News on the RCOH fund from 73 to the left, as well as before? Ingalls taken DDG 121 to trials was a risk retirement evaluation on a bad so just a couple of moving parts there from Q3 to Q4. But we're still in the lane there of the 7.5% to 8% that we gave you for shipbuilding, for year-end. I didn't mention anything moving into next year. In my remarks, we do have LPD 28 moving or staying on contracting in the beginning of 2022.
Tom Steely: Sure. Yeah. Good morning. So, for the court, I think in my remarks, you'll see a $163 million Q3 from the line perspective. You kind of run that out for another quarter as Q4, that's the run rate. A little over $300 million there. so collectively it's about $450 million. On an annualized basis, that's like $1.4 and change. And then you get to the 1/6 growth rate of a little bit higher than 11.5%, 12%, so that's the math of it right now. We still stand by the guidance that we. And revenue and the 135 adjusted EBITDA.
Tom Steely: Yeah. So, as you said, the Q2 is still good. We have 757 behind us. I've given you the outlook for this year, so it's about 1-1 and that leads to what last over the last three years. So strict to pick map would be about $700 million. We do have a next year, as I mentioned, we have to pay back the fica payments, so that's $66 million. We have progress payments that have to be paid back, that's $100 -- around $160, so you can do some math on that, but there is a ramp to it. So, between those 2 payments and just a slight ramp, I mean, you can just model those 3 years out, but we still feel comfortable and it's appropriate to guide to $3.2 billion over these 5 years.
Tom Steely: Sure. For the first part, from a shipbuilding perspective, I highlighted a little bit earlier, I didn't hit the backlog piece of the outlook, right? So, unlike say, requiring needed new awards or funding, we have a line of sight of the work that we have in-house. So, I look at, from an outlook perspective, from shipbuilding. Still the 3% CAGR is good. I would tell you that although it looks like we're at the same point we were through the first 3 quarters of this year compared to last year, last year was an exceptional year, '18 to '19 with the 6% growth and then '19 to '20 with another 6% growth. And even specifically Q4 last year was a 19% growth over the quarter previously there.  So, some material as I highlighted -- as actually Chris has moved into the end of Q4 of 2020, it made that year look big, which now makes 2021 look flat. So, I'm not concerned right now because we have the backlog, we have the work, we have the labor force right now. We are watching materials as I said and we're watching if the EO mandate impacts our workforce, but I don't -- I'm not concerned with how 2021 was shaking out from a revenue perspective. And I would think going forward that it's pretty linearly in 2022 for ship building.  Relative to your lying question, I don't see obviously, their contracts are different, more service oriented. We're excited with them on board. Andy has put his leadership team in play, as Chris had mentioned earlier, the initial assessments that we had going into the purchase and now the close we've had a good 6 weeks run rate in the financials and look under the hood there. We're comfortable with what's in front of them. The items that they're bidding, and how they're executing on the existing contracts for evaluating the revenue synergies between Alion making us better, the DFS and MDIF and vice versa.  So, I feel comfortable with that going forward there. I don't see today, again, the EL mandate significantly impacting our revenue expectations from an Alion perspective. We have highlighted from a  perspective. When you get to watch the funding come about and the unmanned portfolio evolve and grow going forward. Special watch on for us.
Chris Kastner: No, I think that's right. And when you think through VCS and block 4 getting back to a cadence where we're floating off 1 vote a year and delivering 1 vote a year and then transitioning that workforce right into block 5 makes great sense. So, we have high hopes for performance on block 5 because of the lessons we're learning through block 4 when you get to a 2 per year cadence.
Chris Kastner: Sure. Helena will -- this is Chris, Doug. Helena will deliver this year. Columbus is in process and moving through the cycle in their contract and Boise is really in their prompts start period. We're going to get into a place here. And I think in communication with our customer where it makes great sense to have sort of a consistent stream of work and revenue. It probably will not be as high as it's been going forward and we need to create that plan with our customer. That's the status of the three that are in Newport News now. And as I said, we're working with a customer to ensure we had a steady cadence of repair activity going forward.
Chris Kastner: Yes. This is Chris. We will definitize that, if not this year, it would be beginning of next. Don't anticipate significant or margin cash impact. It's obviously an increase in the top-line for that shift, but it also extends the risk retirement events out a couple of years because it extends the test program. So, nothing significant from a material from a sales margin or cash impact at this point.
Chris Kastner: Yes. George Oliver. George, I'll start. This is Chris. We're in process with the Newport News union working through that contract with a very good relationship with them and I fully expect we can come to a reasonable agreement on a contract. I know Mike ran Newport News for a while, so he probably has for a long time actually, probably has better comments on that, but we're working with them every day to try to get to a resolution.
Chris Kastner: This is Chris, I won't discuss the contribution to the margin rate. And when we expect to get to 9%, we'll talk a lot more about that on the year-end call. But the capital investments we've made in technology investments we've made both Ingalls and Newport News are going very well. And the simplest form at Ingalls getting all the work on undercover really drives efficiency if you've ever been in Mississippi in August and then the digital shipbuilding products are becoming more mature and help on the manufacturing and CVN 80 and the Columbia class. so, we're very encouraged by the technology investments in the capital investments we've made and we hope to continue to drive costs out of our products.
Chris Kastner: No, no. 23 and 24 make a lot of sense. We're really in volume when it comes to 79 right now getting through compartments and work packages, starting localized testing. But it's 23, 24-time frame.
Chris Kastner: David, this is Chris. I'd also add that the integration of the front end of that business has gone very well in business development and capture. We have a $60 billion total pipeline that we're working through and prioritizing a number of significant competitions over the next . and a book-to-bill at 1.8 in the quarter. So, all indications are positive for that business.
