Rob Davis: Great, Chris. This is Rob and I will maybe start and Dean or Caroline can jump-in if they would like. But first and foremost, I appreciate the comments and as we sit here today, Dean, made reference to it, we feel very good about the progress we have made over the last couple of years through the assets we brought in. You mentioned cardiometabolic, but also immunology, the progress we are making to broaden our position in Oncology and I will get to you in a moment, but as you mentioned the durable growth drivers we have with Vaccines and Animal Health. But specifically to the cardiometabolic area, I can tell you that today as we sit here and just to remind people what we had commented on in the past, we have said, based on both what we received through the acquisition of Acceleron plus other programs that we have been developing internally, we expected that we could be in a position to have greater than $10 billion of revenue potential in the mid-2030s and I’d remind everyone that was on a risk-adjusted basis. But I would tell you as we sit here today, given what we have seen with the remarkable data from STELLAR, the excitement that is coming and we are seeing from key opinion leaders, with the potential launch of sotatercept hopefully early next year and approval even in Europe next year, our confidence that we will achieve that $10 plus billion is higher today than it was when we made the original comment. So we feel very good, doesn’t mean we feel like we are done, but we feel very good about the progress. And then as you reflected on Animal Health. We continue to see the Animal Health business as an important business for us, it a durable growth driver. As we look forward, it continues to be a business that we think will be accretive to our growth long-term and it has strategic value to us, where we are both benefiting from the synergies that it brings to us and that it benefits from the synergies coming from the science that we have on the Human Health side. So as we sit here today, we remain committed that it is the strategic part of the company. But as I have often said, that’s not a philosophical view that is unchanged, it’s something we are very objective about and we look out regularly. But I can tell you as we have continued to look at it, our view has not changed.
Rob Davis: Yeah. The short answer, Mara, is we are ahead of our -- of where we thought we would be. And just to remind everyone, we have been commenting that we expect 50% of our growth to come from movement into the earlier stages of disease in oncology, as we look forward to ultimately get to a global percent with it being about 25% of our total revenues. But I can tell you as where we sit here today, we are tracking ahead of where we expected we would be. And obviously not surprising when you see just a phenomenal results from KEYNOTE-671, what that’s going to mean in the perioperative space for people in early-stage lung cancer building on 091, the continued strength we are seeing across adjuvant and RCC and melanoma, we are up now to eight approvals in this space. So we are in a very good position. But I may about ask Caroline if she has anything she would like to add.
Rob Davis: Yeah. Louise, this is Rob. I will maybe jump-in and Caroline can add if I miss anything. I would tell you that we feel well-prepared. So, obviously, we have been working to ensure we have supply to be able to supply the market upon launch. But as we sit here today, given what is happening in the marketplace. So you are seeing warehousing of patients in anticipation of the launch of sotatercept in the United States. And from feedback from key opinion leaders and what we are hearing from the market, the demand for this will be quite high. So our expectation, as you will see a strong launch with this drug and I can tell you we have been invested and built an organization, we actually have a very focused group now in our U.S. -- within our U.S. business whose sole job is to manage this launch. And so, I think, we are both prepared from a commercial perspective and from a manufacturing perspective with the expectation, as I said that, this should go with a very strong quick uptake. And the other thing I would highlight is given the strength of the data, we do expect to see approval in Europe next year, which we originally thought would require a further study. So not only are we preparing in the United States, but we are also preparing in Europe as well and we feel good about both. But Caroline, anything you would want to add.
Rob Davis: Thanks for the question, Chris. We have time to take some additional questions and go past the hour. Julie, next question please.
Rob Davis: Yeah. Steve, I will maybe jump on that and then others can jump in. But so your answer is we are in that low 30% share both in the public and private market. So that is what you are saying in the quarter. I think the U.S. roughly was about approaching $185 million to $200 million of total business or the products. So we are actually seeing growth pretty much consistent with what we expect and the share we got is pretty much what we expected. So we will have to think through how the disconnect in what you are seeing. But I can tell you, in fact, and we are doing exactly what we expected we would do.
Rob Davis: Steve, let me just clarify one thing, because I think it’s important. I was just reflecting on your question just to clarify my comments. Its 30% is our exit share not overall of the year. So that’s an exit share, as we are seeing the business grow today.
Rob Davis: Thank you, Mohit, and thank you all for your time and attention today. Please follow-up with Investor Relations if you have any additional questions and we look forward to being in touch soon. Thank you all very much.
Dr. Dean Li: I would just add one thing, Chris, in relationship to your question, but not related to revenues or finance. I would just remind that we have made incredible advances in cancer and we are known as an oncology company. But the unmet need -- the unmet patient needs in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in the U.S. and in the world is quite substantial, and I don’t know that we are ever going to be done with that field in the near-term, so we are still very committed to do more.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. I just want to make as a call out, because we had an investor discussion this past Sunday and we are really focused on the ADC and Daiichi Sankyo and Kelun, but I just want to call out that for me KEYNOTE-671 is a watershed moment for the field. I would remind everyone that a similar watershed happened in metastatic lung cancer in 2018 KEYNOTE-189 and 2018 is when KEYNOTE-671 was initiated. It’s an earlier stage and only after 5.5 years, after only 5.5 years in an earlier stage trial, you have clear evidence of EFS and OS benefit and I really think this will catalyze a change in how we treat early-stage lung cancer, how we detect early lung cancer and how we screen. If you think about treating early those patients with Stage 2 and 3, you can reduce their mortality by 28%. I think it will catalyze people really looking at any one going to surgery in Stage 2 and 3, not just in Stage 3, people are going to have to think very carefully of why someone should get this regimen. In terms of detecting early, I think it’s really important. How many individuals have a chest CT or chest x-ray with incidental findings and there’s little follow-up and day and age of electronic health records, it’s very easy to figure out how many people have incidental nodules that never got followed up. I think that will change. And I think in screening, early we have guidelines, where the adherence is only 6% to 7% and these guidelines were set four, five years ago, where the concept was it would reduce mortality by 20%. With these data that we have, that number is no longer at 20%, it’s much lower. And so, I think there will be a push by the American Cancer Society, NCCN, NCI, NIH to simplify and broaden those guidelines, because that is -- this is the inexorable march of IO into earlier stage and into the most important cancer, which is lung cancer, which is the number one cause of death for women and the number one cause for men and our commitment to this field is not just 671 and 91, it is also as we highlighted our interest of moving INT the individualized neoantigen therapy into earlier stage in lung cancer.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. Specifically to any ADC that we would advance in any tissue tumor type, one thinks about monotherapy and one thinks about a clear indication and a line of sight, but one also thinks about how the field develops and in combinations and those combinations can be with PD -1s, but I would also highlight, it can be with chemo, it can be RAS, it can be with novel hormonal agents, it can be with PAR, it can be with other ADCs and you have to think from late and earlier. In relationship to TROP2, specifically in non-small cell lung cancer, I believe that I have said in the past that, one has to think about how the field has evolved, there was a watershed moment, it was KEYNOTE-189 and pembro plus chemo in a broad patient population along that indication do really well. So those of us who want to advance, what I would say, in ADC and NextGen chemo, that’s how I think about it, have to think about a way to combine it with PD-1 in a way that is not just effective, but substantially effective over KEYNOTE-189. We are very interested in advancing our TROP2 ADC in relationship to that and that combination, like all chemotherapy based treatments, whether it’s chemotherapy or whether it’s chemotherapy on a payload with ADC, one has to think about adverse effects and combinatorial adverse effects and the ability to keep patients on the medicines. The data that we have shown with our partner, our valued partner Kelun is that we think that there is room to be able to advance MK-2870 and PD-1 in a variety of tumors and that they are combinable, tolerable and will be effective, but those are the trials that we are starting to do in Phase 3 in the ex-China regulatory arena.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. So I just want to make sure that whether we are talking about our wonderful partnership with Kelun or with Daiichi Sankyo, we sort of lay out certainly indications that become public, but I want to be very clear that those are not the only indications that we would be interested. So that’s number one. Number two, in relationship to MK-2870 and advancing it more broadly and it relates to the other question, there is -- we still have small numbers, but what’s really interesting for us for 2870, there are differences in the construct in terms of payload, in terms of the linker, in terms of the dart for that. And one of the things that’s interesting to us is at least to-date, we do not see serious IOD and that allows us to think broadly and thoughtfully about its combined ability in relationship to broader indications. So we are very interested in advancing. In terms of 2870 and the specific first trial that’s been revealed, it’s -- I will just tell you, it was driven, because of the data that we have and the data that we have we think is quite good and should be advanced. We are going to advance other ones, but the advancement in the EGFR new population is based on data that our partners Kelun and us have generated and we are very confident in advancing in that specific indication.
Dr. Dean Li: I would just say that in general principle, your observations of how we develop drugs, especially in the IO has been something that we are known for and the structure was laid out by great leaders from Merck, who laid the basis for that. In relationship to timing of interim analysis, we have generally not commented on interim analysis and we let those interim analysis do what they need to do, which is come and if they are significant, we make that publicly known. If there is significance in relationship to public disclosure, that’s when we do that, but we generally do not lay out the timing of our interim analysis prior to them happening.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. I just want to emphasize sotatercept, this is the first drug out there that really is targeting the fundamental genetic basis of the disease. It’s going to be the first activin inhibitor, but most important is activin is what the genetics tells you imbalance that occurs in pulmonary artery hypertension. So this is a really important and I said watershed previously, I do think this is going to be a watershed moment for PAH. Rob already talked about the U.S. and EU, and the reason why that happened is because of the stellar data was quite impressive and that’s what drove the ability to do EU. What I would remind everyone is that we have other trials coming through. We have Zenith, Hyperion and Cadence. Zenith, for example, is one that’s going to look at mortality and those sort of endpoints, as the primary endpoints. Should that read-out in the next year or something like that, relatively soon to the launch, I think whatever estimates that, Caroline and Rob have talked about sotatercept that will only help the uptake of sotatercept. And as Rob has mentioned, this is a field that up many of the physicians, this was a place where I did research back-in the academic days. The phone calls, I am getting is that people are warehousing patients in anticipation of that March launch.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. Chris, no, I appreciate the question. So, one, I would say, we feel very proud of GARDASIL [Technical Difficulty] of this business and the fact that people increasingly recognize that we can fundamentally do what’s the most important, which is prevent cancer -- prevent cervical cancer, increasingly prevent certain head-and-neck cancers if we can get people fully vaccinated. So the fact that you are starting to see that progress is important. As we look at the business going forward, I would start by saying, we remain very confident that this as a business that’s going to continue to grow and that we will achieve the expectations we have communicated of over $11 billion in revenue by 2030, so nothing has changed and how we see the business. As you know, we have made significant investments in manufacturing capacity and from that perspective now, we are well-positioned, we have brought on our two sites and they are ramping now, and so we are doing quite well from that perspective. And then as far as the opportunities that exist to potentially continue to drive even beyond, what we just discussed, really, I would put it in three buckets and our ability to achieve that objective and then potentially exceed that objective really come down to these three variables. And first and foremost, while we have had great penetration in the developed world, huge opportunity still exists in the low and middle income markets. And I can tell you we have a focus and an intention to drive this business into the low and middle income markets. Obviously, that’s going to require us to continue to drive down our manufacturing costs, which we have plans to do and I have confidence that we will do and just think about lower price points. But that said, that will be meaningful incremental revenue, as we achieve that over time. And then as you look at the established markets, there is still a large population to address. Obviously, to-date we have been driving largely through public vaccination programs outside the United States, in the United States through the national immunization program, primarily aimed at young women and young girls. Increasingly, the opportunity to go to a broader age cohorts, as we think about going now to people aged 45. That ability to move into the mid adult segment is a real opportunity in the United States that continues to be a driver of growth, it’s increasingly going to be a growth driver in Europe and it is currently an important part of why we are driving growth with the recent expansion we got in China and there are more markets to come. So as we look at that, that’s going to be another lever of growth. Obviously, the difference here is this requires consumer activation that takes commercial investments and a lot of heavy lifting. We have demonstrated we can do it like we have started to do in China and as we are starting to do in the United States. But it is going to take a lot of work and investment and we are committed to doing that. So that’s another variable that we look at it. And then, lastly, this is still largely seen as a female vaccine, we only I think it’s only 70 markets have gender neutral approvals. And even in the markets that do have it, particularly if you look at markets like Europe. There is still a real opportunity to increasingly bring people to understand that this is not just a female cancer vaccine, it is a gender neutral cancer vaccine. And with the growing incidence of head-and-neck cancers, which is primarily a male-dominated cancer, we do see real opportunity to continue to push and drive both getting more markets to gender neutral and in the markets, where we have those approvals drive vaccination rates up and probably one more bigger near-term opportunities is to get gender neutral approved in China, which is an opportunity. So across all of those, there’s opportunities and potential. It’s a heavy lift, I don’t want to indicate that it’s going to be easy and we are going to invest behind it. But that really will determine ultimately our success across those variables will determine the success we see long-term with this franchise. But maybe Dean or Caroline, anything you would add.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. I would just emphasize two points. One, directly related to what you said. This is a highly effective vaccine to prevent women’s cancer, cervical cancer and that is something that everyone recognizes, but the gender neutral part is really important and at MRL we are advancing studies and filings in relationship to make sure that as many places that can adopt gender neutral can it -- can be in a position to do gender neutral. I also want to just make one comment about cervical cancer itself. We talk about Carticel in relationship to cervical cancer, but I would also emphasize that at ESMO, we had KEYNOTE-A18. I would remind people that cervical cancer is still the fourth leading cause of women cancer and this was another trial that showed the effect of KEYTRUDA in earlier stage in combination with chemo radiation. So that I think is a PDUFA date that’s coming up and that hopefully might be the 9th early-stage and I believe that PDUFA date is among like four that are coming up in the next six months in relationship to cancer. So Carticel gender neutral, but also cervical cancer being a critical driver and driving into earlier stage. Those are all things that play around what we are trying to do at Merck.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. Thanks for that. I will grab that one. So we have been very lucky to partner with Kelun and Daiichi Sankyo and that advances our clinical programs at scale. We also clearly have collaborations with other ADC companies in relationship to KEYTRUDA. So we have a wall of data of understanding what we are hoping that the field might navigate towards. And like everyone has said there will be different antibodies, different antibodies structures to be able to change how one thinks about the tissue targeting component. There will be changes in terms of the linkers and for right now, there are probably two major payloads that people use microtubules based chemotherapy, as well as a TOPO1 based chemotherapy. I would just emphasize that there are only -- there are not just two classes of chemotherapy out there for the last 30 years and each one has a reason why they are there. So we have invested in an ADC platform that is separate, but we will build-off what is learn from our clinical programs both in the ones that we are doing with Daiichi Sankyo and Kelun, as well as those that we are doing when we are collaborating with others in relationship with KEYTRUDA. So we have built and we continue to build that expertise within the company and we hope to see those internal programs carrying its clinical head in the next couple of years.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. I wanted to just make a comment about VAXNEUVANCE in the setting of what Caroline said about V116. It’s essentially with VAXNEUVANCE and V16, what we are trying to do is to drive the precision medicine mindset to vaccine giving the right vaccine with the right set of serotypes to the right age group at the right time and we believe that that strategy is important for VAXNEUVANCE and to think about VAXNEUVANCE not just on its own, but in relationship to V116 and we have work cut out to us in relationship to a potential approval from the FDA, as well as we will have to speak to the ACIP, as we advance this concept of a precision medicine mindset to pneumococcal vaccination.
Dr. Dean Li: Okay. I will take that was and I will give my homage to Helen Hubs and Jonathan Cohen at the UT Southwestern in Dallas Heart Study. That was really important data in relationship to showing PCSK9. And if you look at that patient population, that patient population is desperately in need of an oral potent LDL lowering cholesterol medicine and that’s what we are trying to provide. We are trying to democratize our pathway, such that people whether they are in the rural and the inner city or globally, can get this. And so I would just emphasize the other point, which is cardiovascular disease atherosclerotic disease is still the number one killer in the United States and the developed countries and lowering LDL is known to be important. We used to talk about resistant or refractory, but my experience is that the level of LDL that you are going to have to drive to that increasingly the guidelines are taking is to is forget about whether you are refractory or resistant to stand, it will be very hard with one agents to get your LDL below 70 or below 55 in some patient populations. That patient population, you want to treat you want to have that treatment readily available with no cold-chain and no requirement to go into a hospital system to get it. That’s what we are trying to do and hopefully our data will support such a move.
Dr. Dean Li: I think that’s a great question. I would just answer that. I think the TROP2 ADC data is important to look at, but I would also emphasize that the HER3 ADC program is reasonably advanced in that patient population. And so we will -- we are interested in advancing both in getting the best medicines to the patients as quickly as we can. I do think more as a general statement that the role of biomarkers for some of these ADCs outside of EGFR will be important, relationship to tissue targeting, also in relationship more broadly for ADCs and other combinations. And so we will have to see how that field is moving, but essentially the way I think about ADCs is trying to bring chemotherapy in the precision medicine approach. And with that, we are going to have to find the right patient population, with the right biomarkers to give them the maximum benefit.
Caroline Litchfield: The only thing I’d add, Rob, is to your point, we have made tremendous progress. We think this year we will have 20% of our KEYTRUDA business coming from the earlier stage cancer setting. And as we move forward given the tremendous state we have had and indications coming, we are really excited about the opportunities of further growth in lung, in potentially bladder and many other indications.
Caroline Litchfield: Seamus, thank you for the question. We have seen really strong margin expansion in our company over the last several years, and as we look-forward, we expect continued margin expansion and that margin expansion really comes from the product mix on the revenue line, it also comes from the roll-off of royalties, as you have just noted, knowing that we have the royalty on global KEYTRUDA sales going from 6.5% to 2.5% at the start of next year and our royalty on GARDASIL going from 7% to zero percent on our global sales, again, at the start of next year will drive significant gross margin improvement. At the same time, we will be investing in our business. We will be disciplined in that investment, but we are investing in the portfolio of products that we have in the market and that we will be launching, as well as investing in our robust and growing pipeline and that obviously includes the Daiichi collaboration, where we have noticed we expect about a $0.25 impact as a result of investing predominantly in the research and development of a wide range of programs, that Dean has partially outlined, as well as this financing costs. We also have made significant progress across our pipelines with many other collaborations, acquisition and the progress we are making with our own internal assets. So, altogether, we still do point to an operating margin of greater than 43% in the year 2025. However, we will not forgo necessary investments in our business to progress our pipeline to ensure that we have advance healthcare and drive growth, which really is our priority.
Caroline Litchfield: This is Caroline. The only thing I’d add to that would be the performance we are also seeing outside of the U.S. So while we are early in our launch outside the U.S., we have gained 50% of the tenders in which we have participated and which being shares north of that one-third, so we are very confident in our ability to continue to drive VAXNEUVANCE and very much looking forward to augmenting our offering with V116 later next year.
