Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Grace and good morning. Welcome to Merck’s fourth quarter 2021 conference call. Speaking on today’s call will be Rob Davis, President and Chief Executive Officer; Caroline Litchfield, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Dean Li, President of Merck Research Labs. Before we get started, I’d like to point out a few items. You will see that we have items in our GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs, and certain other items. You should note that we have excluded these from our non-GAAP results and provide a reconciliation in our press release. I would like to remind you that some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current beliefs of Merck’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2020 10-K identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. During today’s call, a slide presentation will accompany our speakers’ prepared remarks. The presentation, today’s earnings release, as well as our SEC filings are all posted to the Investor Relations section of Merck’s website. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Rob.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Dean. Grace, would you please start the Q&A? And we’d like to ask analysts to limit themselves to one question this morning, in order to get to as many questioners as possible. Thank you.
Peter Dannenbaum: Great. Thank you, Dean. Thank you, Daina. And thank you all for your good questions today. We realize there is a peer call starting right now, so we want to be mindful of that. If you have any follow-ups, please reach out to the IR team at any time, but we appreciate the good questions today and your interest. Thank you.
Rob Davis: Yes, Geoff. Thanks for the question. So, as we look at molnupiravir, we’re obviously -- you heard from Caroline, the guidance we’re giving for this year, but I think you’ve hit upon an important point, which we do see the potential for molnupiravir beyond the current situation with COVID-19 and the pandemic, given the fact that it does have such good activity more broadly in mRNA viruses, and as we believe, it can be pan-coronavirus effective. And as we showed recently with six preclinical studies, working well against the Omicron variant, and we believe we’ll continue to work against future variants. But maybe I’ll turn it over to Dean to expand upon what we’re thinking about from a developmental perspective for longer term.
Rob Davis: Yes. And maybe, Chris, just to answer the first part of your question, how are we seeing the adjuvant space? Obviously, we are very excited about moving into earlier lines of therapy. We think this is a real area of growth. Obviously, the strength we’re seeing in KEYTRUDA is about how we’re able to expand into new indications and continue to broaden. If you look, we had just in 2021 alone 21 approvals of new or expanded indications for KEYTRUDA. Three of those were in the adjuvant space, with adjuvant, triple-negative breast cancer, adjuvant renal cell carcinoma and moving into a stage 2 cancer in adjuvant melanoma. So, important growth there. And if you look at that combined with the remaining other indications we already have and the other ones in adjuvant mel and what we hope to have soon with KEYNOTE-091 in adjuvant non-small cell lung cancer, we’re looking at movement into the earlier spaces, driving approximately 50% of the growth for the drug for KEYTRUDA through 2025. And we think by 2025, it will be about 30% of our total revenue coming from the adjuvant indications we have. So, this is an area where we’re starting to put runs on the board. And I think we’re going to show that the breadth of what KEYTRUDA could do both in maintenance as well as in the metastatic space is going to be very important as we build the leadership for the long term.
Rob Davis: Yes. Thanks for the question, Mara. So, as you pointed out, we are seeing in the biotech space, valuations have pulled back quite a bit of late. I think it’s too early to see whether or not this is a permanent rebasing in the market or if it is just a temporary change in the marketplace. We need to see how that plays out. And the other thing that’s going to be important is what happens with the investment flows into the space. You are seeing IPOs start to slow. And it would be interesting to see if cash investments start to also slow down as people look to invest into the space with a lower valuation in the market, as you point out. Whether or not that drives to sellers being willing to see the restatement of value that will allow us to do deals at different levels, we’ll have to see. But it doesn’t change the importance we see of doing business development for the Company. Obviously, we’re very focused, first and foremost, on driving and accelerating our own pipeline, but we know we have to augment it. And we are going to continue to focus in this area, and I’m confident that we’re going to find the opportunities where the scientific opportunity match to our capabilities and where we see good value, will allow us to do value-enhancing deals regardless of the market situation.
Rob Davis: Yes. So, obviously, we’re very excited about what VAXNEUVANCE, the opportunity that this presents, starting with, as you point out, the adult indication, which we received. And as you probably know, we did do the MMWR come out and validate the ACIP recommendation. So we’re at a point now where reimbursement is established in the marketplace, and we are beginning to ship product. As we look at this, we see a real opportunity, because if we look at what is the profile of VAXNEUVANCE in combination with PNEUMOVAX23, you’re looking at an agent that has the broadest coverage. Between the two, we have 15 serotypes in VAXNEUVANCE. We’re adding 9 additional serotypes, 4 which are unique to PNEUMOVAX23. And as we look at the coverage, obviously, in things like serotype 3, we showed with VAXNEUVANCE that we are very competitive, if not superior to competition in the marketplace. And we know that serotype 3 is an important contributor and driver of disease, as is serotypes 22F and 33F, which are in ours as well. So, as we look at it, you’ve got very broad coverage. You’ve got important coverage in high disease-causing serotypes. And we have important data showing how the drug works in at-risk and immunocompromised patients, which will be in the label -- is in the label. So, we’re well positioned. We’re going to have to obviously fight it out at the commercial level, but we think we’re well positioned to do that. And we already are starting to look forward to what we see in the pediatric space. Right now, hopefully, we’re going to see -- with the PDUFA in April, we’re going to see hopefully the opportunity to get that drug into the marketplace. But obviously, we’re going to build on the momentum from the launch in adults to then carry that forward into the pediatric setting. So, so far, all started well, good contracting underway, and we’re off to a good start. Thanks.
Rob Davis: Yes. I appreciate the question, Louise. So, if you look at the situation, and I think you’re probably focused mainly in the United States, we are in a situation where we did deliver to the United States doses of courses of therapy before the end of the year, a little over 900,000 courses of therapy were delivered to them. Since then, we continue to add to that. And by the end of this week, we should be to the full 3.1 million courses delivered to the distribution hubs that they have. Obviously, at that point, it’s us working with the government. But it’s up to the government on where and how they distribute it from the hubs out into the pharmacies and the local markets. I think, the real thing we’re focusing on in discussions with the government is how do we increase the messaging to help people understand how they can find out where they can go to get to antivirals. And there’s locator sites that the government has on the web. And we’re trying to make sure as much as we can to help people know to go look there, because the drug is in the marketplace, you just have to be able to find out where to go find it. And we will continue to partner with the government any way they need to ensure we can get access as quickly and as affordably as possible. Obviously, we’re very focused beyond the U.S. as well, and I feel very good about what we’re doing. You probably saw we announced that we had a deal with UNICEF for 3 million courses. Now, that really us trying to help make sure we could accelerate access to the low and middle income countries as we wait for the generic manufacturers, so we have the licenses with as they ramp up production. So hopefully, that will help fill in the gap in those markets as we wait for the generics to be able to ultimately come on line.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. So, if I may, let’s just frame how many deaths we have a day in the United States. I mean, it’s quite staggering where we are at this point. Now, I would just emphasize molnupiravir is an oral drug as all know. It’s effective in reducing hospitalization and death. And I really think when we think about the death rate in the United States and throughout, having access to medicines that can reduce mortality greater than 80%, 85%, 90% is going to be really important. And molnupiravir is one of such drugs that can do that. And I think that needs to be sort of emphasized throughout. Now, in relationship to molnupiravir directly, those people who we have to be concerned about drug-drug interactions or renal insufficiency or liver insufficiency are often those people at the highest risk. And the fact that molnupiravir has a profile that is really useful in those patients is important. I do want to emphasize that by first principle, the whole mechanism and the molecule is designed to be as variant proof as can be theoretically possible. And what we’ve seen with the Omicron and potentially what we will see with other variants is that theoretical becomes real. With Omicron, for example, all of a sudden, there’s a series of antibody treatments that are no longer effective. And then the other point that I would make is, when we sent our EUA in October, we also held hands that we would be able to produce, supply, distribute this drug immediately. And I think that’s been shown that when we send our EUA in October, we were in that position. And we demonstrated when we got an EUA in late December how fast we could distribute. And I just want to emphasize that I think that when one looks at the death rate when we sent in our EUA and what the death rate now is, it’s threefold higher. So, I just want to emphasize that. When you think about the future, I suppose there is different bookends with one can think through. And the different bookends would be, okay, maybe we could get a really lethal sub variant. Then that issue of us having a resistance profile that we’re very confident about could be really important. The other possibility of a bookend is that this becomes sort of more endemic. So, it’s everyone’s getting it. It’s not necessarily that lethal for healthy people. But in that situation, like in flu, it is the most vulnerable patients are the ones who need to get treated. And that most vulnerable population are often those people you have to worry about drug-drug interactions, renal and liver insufficiency. So, in that context with just COVID-19, that’s how we think about molnupiravir. In relationship to your question about eventually, does the field have to really think about combination? I do think. And I do think it’s important that we have an arsenal of multiple mechanism-of-actions, because in every viral disease that I know, the virus is pretty good at evading different mechanisms of action. And I think we may have to think about this combination issue that you’ve talked about. And we have invested both in internal resources and other mechanisms of action. And we’re in conversations with other people with different mechanism of action. So, the fundamental thing is I think we need to have a view that we need to be prepared that we’re going to need multiple options, and molnupiravir is an important part of the arsenal that this -- the United States and globally will need to have.
Dr. Dean Li: Right. So, I just want to emphasize, there are two types of combinations that we have. We have an IO-IO combination, and I think that’s what you’re referring to, in relationship to KEYTRUDA, whether it’s with our TIGIT LAG3, CTLA-4 and that. And you’re right, those readouts are event-driven and such. And that will be -- we’ll see where it is, but I think your timing is a reasonable sort of timing in terms of Phase 3 readouts. In relationship to other combinations, I want to draw your attention to the combinations of KEYTRUDA with chemotherapy, with other ADCs that we’ve worked with other companies with. But I would also focus your attention also on the readouts of KEYTRUDA with Lenvima, that continue to spool up, [ph] and KEYTRUDA with Lynparza. And the reason why I think that’s important is, we think about how to raise the immuno-oncology profile of KEYTRUDA with other I-O agents. But also, as we see Lynparza and Lenvima, they are -- they give us readouts of how to think about DNA repair and recombination in second and third generation of different sort of compounds in that place. And also, in relationship to Lenvima, where you’re looking at blocking vascular endothelial growth factor, RTKs, it gives us a thought as to how to think of drugs such as WELIREG, which also plays in that sort of same sort of place. And so, we’re very interested in seeing how WELIREG plays out in sporadic renal cell carcinoma. And then, we will ask ourselves outside of renal cell carcinoma where else should it play where an anti-angiogenesis agent has been shown to be effective.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. I want to be a little bit careful that I’m answering questions about another company’s drug. I think that having monoclonal antibodies that can treat RSV in a really important patient population is critical. We have data that will be coming out, and we’ll have to see what that data looks like. But we do think that there is opportunity to have a really effective drug that really is easier to provide to that patient population. So, I’m a little bit hesitant to comment directly. But we are very confident in the profile of our RSV antibody studies, and we will just have to see what the clinical data looks like as the clinical data comes through.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. So, let me take that. So, we are evaluating a considerable body of data. You mentioned trends of lymphocytes that have been observed in different trials that we’ve had. I would point out that our Phase 3 with islatravir doravirine demonstrated the efficacy and just the highly efficacious nature of islatravir in that combination, which is QD. We will have a near-term evaluation of the future options, but we are still very committed to this longer acting sort of point of view as well. So to get to your question, we have data in relationship to QD islatravir, doravirine and it’s highly efficacious. We are going to look at the body of data in relationship to are there ways to continue to make that long sort of resident time, be able to have a less frequent either prep or a treatment. And we’re evaluating that data as we speak.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. Thank you for that question. So the question is about our oral PCSK9 drug. We presented the Phase 1 sort of readouts in relationship to that. The Phase 2 readouts will be very important. As everyone recognizes, cardiovascular risk is just a tremendous risk throughout. It’s actually -- you could view it as an epidemic that continues. And there will be two sort of important considerations to take. One is, as we advance the oral PCSK9, the biomarker of reducing LDL is a powerful biomarker that has been established as an important biomarker that has provided a path for registration based on that, even prior to having sort of readouts in terms of cardiovascular outcomes in terms of death and heart patient end points. So, we believe that we’re going to have to do both. But we’re very eager to see how well this agent works in our Phase 2 trials in driving the levels of LDL down. And that will give us the confidence to really advance this for patients. But again, driving the LDL down will be an important registrational point that has been a path for other drugs as well. But we will also have to do outcome study in addition to that.
Dr. Dean Li: You broke up just a little bit. In relationship to the mechanism by which the lymphocyte trend that we disclosed is going down, we’re looking at the mechanism of action. I would say just two brief points. One is, there’s a question of whether or not there are ways to get around it by looking at the dose that was provided. And then, the second sort of question is the mechanism. The mechanism, we’re still evaluating. I believe your question was in relationship with mitochondrial toxicity. That does not list as the first place that we would go in relationship to the data that we have right now. But I don’t want to rule out anything right now, as we’re evaluating all the data as we speak.
Dr. Dean Li: Let me take the scientific question in relationship to that. So, thanks for that question. I would emphasize just the general principle that we have, which is we believe that there are ways to improve the immuno-oncology sort of access of PD-1 by adding another checkpoint inhibitor. We believe that that is going to be potentially a different checkpoint inhibitor or a different addition to PD-1, given a different tumor cut. So, we’re not so sure that there is one additional checkpoint inhibitor that you could add to PD-1 that would have as broad of a impact as P1 has itself. So, our strategy has been to invest in CTLA-4, to invest in TIGIT, to invest in LAG3, to invest in ILT4. I think the strategy of some of our other colleagues is to place a larger bet on each of those combinations more broadly. So I think that’s something that I think is really important. The second point that I would also emphasize is you want to show contribution of components. And you want to show that what you’re added on to the PD-1 is really better than the PD-1. And the reason I want to emphasize that is that one should also look at what the base of our PD-1 response is compared to others in relationships. So, it is my belief that targeting the PD-1 axis is, in general, more effective than, for example, a PD-L1. So, that gives us a distinguishing position as well. And then the third issue is, especially in lung, where physicians are very comfortable in relationship of where we stand in relationship with PD-1, with our PD-L1 monotherapy sort of differentiation as well as PD-1 plus chemo in relationship. And also, we’re driving our PD-1 into earlier stages of cancer, for example, in lung and others. I think that gives us sort of a leg up as well. So, three things: One is, how we think strategically about IO-IO combinations; and then, the second sort of thing is, in relationship PD-1 versus a non-PD-1 sort of position, so PD-1 versus a PD-L1; and also, our ability to sort of paint the whole from adjuvant all the way to later stage is something that I think gives physicians enormous comfort in our base drug.
