Rob Davis: Yes. Great, Chris. Thanks for the question, and I’ll ask Caroline to comment specifically on the share repurchase side of the question. But just for the BD landscape, we continue to, frankly, see a portfolio of opportunities we are interested in and are continuing to look at. So as we sit here today, our focus, our urgency on business development has not changed. We do see a list of potential places to play. Obviously, we got to bring them through to fruition which we’re working to do. That is our priority because we continue to believe the best thing we can do for long-term value creation is to invest in the sustainability of our business, which is investing in the pipeline of the future in both what we do internally and through BD. So that’s our priority. And I do see opportunities. But obviously, we remain committed also to not hold cash. So with that, maybe I’ll let Caroline comment specifically on the share repurchase.
Rob Davis: Yes. Steve, thanks for the question. Obviously, it’s been a fast six months – or 16 months in the role. But I would say what I am most proud of, several things. One, the way the organization has come together as one team and really brought more focus in the business. Obviously, the spin-off of Organon, I think was very successful, has given us more simple structures, more focus that I feel very good about. Our progress on business development, obviously, the fact that we moved so quickly with Acceleron and then you heard what are just really exceptional results coming out of the STELLAR study, feel very proud about. But I would say also just overall the way our team has continued to just execute really flawlessly, scientifically, operational, commercially, I couldn’t be prouder of what everyone is doing. We have come together and we are really delivering for all of those things I would say I am very proud about. On the pipeline itself, I actually think we are making a lot of progress. The fact that a year ago won’t even give us credit for having a cardiovascular pipeline. And today, we talk about the fact that by the ‘24 to ‘28 timeframe, we could be having as many as eight new approvals driving revenue that could be in excess of $10 billion by the mid-2030s across the whole suite of assets, some developed internally and obviously some brought into business development, like what we did with Acceleron. So, I feel very good about that. The progress we are making in vaccines, what we are seeing. I think VAXNEUVANCE is underappreciated. There is a notion that Dean laid out of really having a bespoke approach where we were able to cover more of the serotypes that cause disease, whether it be in infants, and then selectively and differently, those in adults. We think that’s a real game changer. Our growing pipeline in neuroscience and immunology, I could go on and on, and the strength that we are continuing to have in adding to our oncology pipeline. So, do I think we have everything we need, no. But do I think we have made great progress in a year, I actually think we have, and it gives me confidence that we are going to continue to drive progress. The fact that we did three important business development deals this quarter alone, spanning mRNA technologies, into circular RNA technologies, personalized cancer vaccines and then more traditional oncology agents with a really novel mechanism, those all are adding to the future promise we have in this company. So, I actually feel very good about that. More to do, but confidence in what we have done so far.
Rob Davis: Yes. Maybe I can start that and Caroline or Dean can add on. If you look – if you go back in history, Merck has actually had a strong history and legacy in cardiovascular. And a lot of the – if you will, the muscle memory still exists in our organization. So, I am very confident that we have what it takes. But more importantly, we are already out there right now in PAH. We have Adempas. We have Verquvo. So, we have people calling on these doctors. Recall what drove us to think about Acceleron was what we saw in our pipeline, but also what we saw commercially through that experience. So, we do have the capabilities. And also the other thing I would point out is this is a little different than the way we used to think about the world. This is – in many cases, a lot of these drugs are still specialty drugs. They are not necessarily the true traditional primary care drugs of what we have seen in the past. And I think we are very well positioned. So, I have no worries about our confidence and ability to deliver this commercially. We have done it in the past, and we will do it again.
Rob Davis: And Umer, to the specific question of the conversion, it’s probably too early to get into the specifics of that. But I would say, generally, we do see this as bringing meaningful patient benefit. If you think about quality of life, as you move especially in the earlier stages of cancer, to be able to deliver the drug subcutaneously, we think is both innovative and will bring real value to the patients. So, that is part of the strategy as we look at the totality of how is it that we continue to deliver for patients as we extend our franchise. So, that’s something we are looking at, but more details as we get further down the road.
Rob Davis: Sure. Chris, thanks for the question. As we have said in the past, we are always looking at the portfolio. We were always asking what is the best structure to develop and generate long-term value for our business and for our shareholders. And with that view, we continue to believe that the animal health business is a key growth driver for us. It brings a lot of synergies, frankly, in both directions. Obviously, they are benefiting from their ability to access the science on the human health side. We are benefiting from the value they bring and, in some cases, frankly, on the vaccine side, some of the manufacturing technologies are actually being brought over into the human health side. So, we do see synergies in these two businesses. We continue to believe that our ability to invest fully to optimize the opportunity in animal health is there. I think we have demonstrated that to the capital we have deployed and that capital is paying off. And I don’t believe that business would have the capital it’s had to grow if it wasn’t part of Merck. So, it’s benefiting from what we can bring to them. We are benefiting from what it brings to us and as of now we continue to see it as a strategic asset. So, no plans to look at spinning it.
Dean Li: This is Dean. I’ll take that, and thank you very much for the question. So the top line is, I would just emphasize that our view is that more serotype is not always better and one size does not fit all. Our view and the view that I’ve had when I practice medicine, it’s the right medicine or, in this case, the right vaccine for the right patient at the right time. So when you look at VAXNEUVANCE, which is our 15 valent, which has recurrent responses for serotype 3, but also 22F and 33F. If you look at that and you have to look at the epidemiology of pneumococcal disease, it’s a bimodal curve where really in the first 2 years of life, especially in the first year of life, is really important. And then in the adult section, you realize that there is increasing at 45, 55, 65. So there is a bimodal curve. If you also lay down the different serotypes, the serotypes are quite different between the two. So that’s why we believe it’s the right vaccine for the right patient at the right time. Now we have a pediatric V114 that has ACIP that’s gone through. And in terms of differentiation and relationship to pediatrics, we don’t have clear view of other vaccines, but we are very confident in our ability to give coverage in the first year. And data to date might suggest that, that is an important differentiation in a pediatric study. There is some questions in relationship to top line serotypes that’s been sort of laid out. There has been some discussion of 6 serotype 2 substantial which we can’t really comment on that differentiation, until we know exactly what serotypes and what the real detailed data. In relationship to the adult market, this gives us great insight and great enthusiasm for V116, our 21-valent vaccine. Now that one is specifically targeted for the serotypes that are important for the adult. So it’s 21-valent, but I would just emphasize that 11 serotypes in the 21 valent for V116 is not shared by PCV20. And the reason is that we’re focused on the adult disease, and we are targeting 85% of residual invasive pneumococcal disease. And I would – if I look at the vaccines that are in Phase 3, but also Phase 2 or Phase 1 with recent data, I don’t know that anyone else has a vaccine that’s targeting 85% of the residual invasive pneumococcal disease. So more is not better, one size does not fit all the right vaccine, the right patient at the right time.
Dean Li: Thank you very much for that question. So, yes, we gave top line results. We are moving with speed to present those data to regulatory authorities throughout. But just to step back, I just want to remind, at least myself and every – and others that we were drawn to the sotatercept mechanism because it was a unique mechanism of action. It’s the rebalance activin and BMP signaling. The other mechanisms of action could largely be viewed as vasodilatory, and we have a very strong program in trying to make the best [indiscernible] medicine. But the mechanism of action you would expect for sotatercept, you would expect it would potentially reprogram the cellular response and essentially be disease modifying. We are excited about the results. We know that there was a profound effect on six-minute walk. But as you emphasized, time to clinical worsening, these multi-components are all really important and they came in clinically meaningful and statistically significant. So, we are hopeful that we can potentially reshape the treatment of PAH. I would emphasize that we talk about HYPERION, venous and CADENCE. But VICTORIA, which is the follow-on program. And the reason why that is really important to me is given the results that I see, I very much want the individuals who were on the STELLAR trial have the opportunity to get into VICTORIA, which is an open-label trial, because the effects that we see that will be reported in a meeting likely in 2023 are ones where we must make sure that those individuals who were recruited to STELLAR have continued access to sotatercept. That’s how important we think the results are.
Dean Li: I will take a shot at both of those questions. I will just emphasize that there is a continuing move to early cancer throughout the field, but especially at Merck. We have talked about the approval that we have in the early stage, both for Lynparza and KEYTRUDA. And this recent Merck-Moderna collaboration is to extend that. It’s essentially an IO-IO combination, initially in melanoma, but with the possibility to expand, deepen and extend throughout other tumor types in different stages. So, given that, the critical thing for patients, especially in the early stage is to be able to have really excellent access to our medicines, and there is a need for scientific innovation. That is why we are advancing the subcu program. And we are confident that, that will not only be important and successful, but it will be really critical as we move into early phase because the ability cannot be linked to an infusion center. So, we are confident in our strategy of moving into early phase, and it is linked. Each scientific innovation required to improve access. In relationship with the RAS program, I have said previously that the RAS program of all of those who are advancing will require a combination. And the ability to move those programs such that you can have a dose and an ability to combine with other medicines is important. We have early data with our RAF inhibitor and many of the attributes that we think are required for that. We are big that the cards are looking like they could positively reflect on our KRAS program. But we will share that data, both in monotherapy and in combination with pembrolizumab, at an appropriate time when we present that at a Congress.
Dean Li: Yes. So, let me just speak to, we look at both our both sotatercept, and I would just also emphasize our inhaled soluble guanylate cyclase are the same sort of general sense, which is we are willing to drive it into PAH. But when you look at the mechanism of action, you ask yourself, is there other places that you can affect diseases, that aren’t pulmonary arterial hypertension, but diseases where you have pulmonary hypertension, such as diastolic heart failure or, for example, in lung disease. Our expectation is that we want to explore whether sotatercept and its unique mechanism of rebalancing certain molecular pathways could also be applied to those patients who have diastolic heart failure and pulmonary hypertension. And given the impact that sotatercept has that we have seen already with PAH, that gives us a little bit more confidence that that mechanism may be applicable to those people with diastolic heart failure. Equivalent is as we moved our in-house soluble guanylate cyclase.
Dean Li: In PAH, we are also evaluating whether that molecule could also be used in those patients with lung disease who have pulmonary hypertension. So, the results give us more confidence at the next step.
Dean Li: Thank you very much for that question. So, I just want to emphasize that islatravir is one molecule in our suite of NRTTI molecule. And as you mentioned, we are very interested in the importance of this body of molecules and mechanism, both for the prep setting and for the treatment setting. And it has the possibility of really transforming the longer-acting space. Specifically to your question, we have a large range of clinical data as many…
Dean Li: And so we have a plethora of clinical data. We are very confident that the 0.25 milligrams will be effective. We are confident that the effects on lymphocytes and CD4 T-cells will be comparable to any standard antiviral. And so that’s in the Q day. We are also very interested in moving to the Q week with our partner, Gilead. And hopefully, that will begin to get posted more, but we are focusing on amending the protocol and the dosing regimen under the guidance of the FDA. And I also want to emphasize that we will continue to be committed on the two-month oral. I mean just think, 12 pills a year, 12 pills a year for patients who are high-risk take with PREP. We have MK-8527, it is a different molecule in our suite of NRTTIs.
