Ken Frazier: Thank you, Peter. Good morning. And thank you all for joining today's call. I want to start by thanking all employees around the world for demonstrating resiliency and diligence through this difficult time. As a result of their tireless work, we continue to make progress on our strategic priorities and we exited the quarter with accelerating business momentum. While the pandemic has brought challenges that few of us could have imagined, even six months ago, it has also demonstrated the critical importance of organizations that are focused on breakthrough science. Our scientists are highly focused on this effort and we are incredibly energized by this mission. Simply put, this is why Merck exists. Throughout the quarter, Merck executed well, both operationally in support of our existing portfolio and by advancing our innovative research program. We continue to perform at a very high level, without significant disruption to the production, supply and distribution of our medicines, vaccines and animal health products, or our clinical trial. As expected social distancing measures in many regions negatively impacted second quarter volume for many of us product. However, customer access to care is steadily improving, including in our portfolio of vaccines, which was hit particularly hard this quarter. We remain confident that our innovative portfolio will drive strong, long-term growth.  Our financial strength also allows us to execute on our capital allocation priorities, including continuing to invest in internal R&D and business development. In addition to advancing our strategic priority, we also achieved significant progress on our plans, spin off Organon & Co., which remains on track be completed in the first half of 2021. We remain confident that creating two more focused companies will result in each being stronger and better positioned in an evolving healthcare landscape, which will benefit the patients we serve and our shareholders. We recently announced the appointment of several talented and experienced leaders from outside the company to the strong leadership team. And they are already deeply engaged in driving the various work streams underway to set up the standalone company for success.  Before Roger provides more detail, I'd like to say a few words on the multiple efforts underway within Merck on the COVID-19 front. COVID-19 represents a tremendous challenge to the biopharmaceutical research community. And Merck is moving with urgency to apply our deep expertise in vaccines and infectious diseases towards potential solutions. During the quarter, we announced two vaccine development efforts, one through a collaboration with IAVI and the other through a now completed acquisition of Themis. We selected these candidates because they are based on proven platforms that we anticipate will lead safe, effective and broadly deployable vaccine with the promise of single dosage. Both vaccine candidates will soon enter the clinic, and we have begun investing to facilitate our ability to manufacture hundreds of millions of doses. We also announced a program to develop a novel, orally available, antiviral candidate through a collaboration with Ridgeback Bio. This compound has advanced into Phase 2 clinical trial. We are optimistic about the prospects with these three programs and if successful, Merck is committed to working with others to create broad, affordable, and equitable global access. These programs illustrate our continued commitment to supplementing internal capabilities with innovative external science project. Roger will provide more details on the significant progress being made in our research activities elsewhere. More broadly, the biopharmaceutical industry's response to COVID-19 has been extraordinary. Our industry is uniquely positioned to address this public health challenge on a global scale. Collaboration across the scientific, public health and biopharmaceutical industry community will be key to success and to help ensure that we are adequately prepared for the next. We are confident that science will ultimately prevail over COVID-19 with new medicines and vaccines. Let me conclude by expressing our gratitude to the frontline healthcare workers, as well as to our own employees, who have worked to help patients affected by COVID-19. Their dedication inspires us and makes us even more resolute in our commitment to bring forward new tools to help end this pandemic. The value of our industry to society is underscored by this crisis as is the need for companies like Merck, continue to invest in research and development to address the greatest health threat both now and in the future. And with that, I'll pass it over to my colleague, Rob Davis, to review the details of our performance and our outlook.
Ken Frazier: So, I’ll start off with the business development question, Louise. Thanks for the question. As Rob said, this business development remains a really important priority for us now and going forward. Right now, I think the environment which we are in is still a tough one in the sense that as you look at the first half of the year, the Biotech IPO market has outpaced last year, despite all the challenges associated with COVID, despite all the concerns that might happen with respect to the election. And of course, established biotech has also performed very well this year. So I think the challenge for us is to find the best scientific capability in a way that's value-creating for our shareholders. And right now, I think seller expectations are very high, notwithstand the issues around the political landscape, the executive orders and everything else. So I think at the end of the day, we still have to continue to search for the best clients commensurate with the need to create value for our shareholders. And I don't think the election is a critical factor there.
Ken Frazier: Thank you. Next question, please, Lauer. And we're going to fix [indiscernible], to try to get as many questions in as possible. Thank you.
Ken Frazier: Thank you, Daina. We're going to take one more question and apologies to those of you that we didn't get to today.
Ken Frazier: Thanks Peter. As you’ve heard today, we remain confident in our strategy, our execution and our prospects for strong long-term growth. We remain committed also to bringing Merck's mission alive by advocating for innovative approaches and partnerships that will be essential to bring an end to this pandemic, while also investing behind our promising pipeline. I want to thank you all for joining us today. And I hope that you and your family stay safe and healthy.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes. Andrew, thank you for the questions. I think that in some sense, questions are related, if I caught them correctly, and I apologize the fact that I'm remote. And so the connection is perhaps not as clear as I would like it to be. But with respect to the expansion of clinical trials for a whole variety of new agents, we're seeing some interesting activity. Some of these data we'll, we hope, be able to present at the European Society for Medical Oncology Meetings, which are coming up in September. And we'll have additional opportunities we hope through towards the end of the year to talk about these data. And these data go precisely to the issue that you raised with non-small cell lung cancer. Now first, I should mention that, as you know, we have an extremely strong data set in non-small cell lung cancer. KEYTRUDA is very active in that setting and active in combination with chemotherapy as we've shown. And that remains a hugely important intervention, the dominant intervention in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, either as monotherapy in the PD-L1 high population or in combination therapy. That said, you're also looking at activity of these new agents directed at a whole variety of different checkpoints in multiple cellular components as well as looking at the issue of mismatch repair deficiency in combination with KEYTRUDA. We're optimistic that we will begin to segregate non-small cell lung cancer patients still further on the basis of the fundamental properties of the tumors, and this goes precisely to our efforts in both MSI-high and tumor mutational burden in order to achieve still better results in the non-small cell lung cancer setting. So suffice it to say, we're extremely active in this area and generating a lot of very interesting data and hope to have a chance to present it to you very soon.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes. Thank you, Umer. The – so, first of all, with respect to the COVID vaccine data, we have to say that from our starting position, knowing very little about SARS-CoV-2 to at the beginning. The results that we've seen thus far from a variety of early studies, Phase I studies, are as good as one could hope for, really. There was no guarantee that the spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 would prove to be as immunogenic as it is. So immune response, broadly speaking, across the population of vaccinees are quite good. The question you asked is, is there enough neutralizing antibody and how well we have to perform clinically. And unfortunately, we can't really know that until we look at Phase III studies. But I guess I would say first that, as has been discussed by others, most of the vaccines look as if they are going to be require a boost in order to produce high titer neutralizing activity against the spike protein. That seems clear. We don't know for sure, and maybe things will go better, which we can all hope for. With time, we'll see more of that. The second question, of course, is the production of immune response against the spike protein sufficient by itself? Or is it necessary to generate responses against other components of the virus, particularly the nuclear protein? And then, of course, there is the question of what contribution is made by T cell immunity. And a little bit that goes to the question of what we're actually trying to achieve. Finally, in the background is the question of whether the immune stimulation that we are producing could, in fact, contribute to adverse effects since it is widely believed that the severe pulmonary complications of SARS-CoV-2 infection include an overexuberant immune response that results in tissue destruction. So those are all open questions that can only be answered by large Phase 3 studies that extend for a considerable period of time. Those studies at least have begun now in a couple of cases. More will begin soon. And we'll have a chance to see exactly how these vaccines perform. I don't think at the moment, we can handicap it except to say that it is certainly a favorable finding that the spike protein in its various different forms, typically as a prefusion form or it's hoped it is a prefusion form, seems to be quite immunogenic, and there are reasonable titers of antibodies being produced. So that should give us considerable optimism. I should also say, I – we – the broader industry is collaborating and thinking about these problems in how to make sufficient doses available. And I think the community at large should be very encouraged by the enormous numbers of vaccine doses that are being planned for, for manufacturing, particularly as we get into 2021 and beyond. If these vaccines are effective, I think the industry is going to be able to produce enough material, ultimately, to provide vaccination for a substantial fraction of the world's population.
Roger Perlmutter: Right. So the second question is, would we see an antiviral benefit with MK-4482? It's important to note here that MK-4482 differs in mechanism quite a lot from Remdesivir. Remdesivir, of course, is a RNA-dependent polymerase inhibitor. It caused determination. Whereas MK-4482 is a cytosine analog that is incorporated, and as a result, causes misincorporation of bases into the nascent RNA. Those RNAs are produced, but they contain many, many errors, and the result is something called aero catastrophe, which is a very powerful means of preventing production of functional virus. So those are two quite different mechanisms. The expectation is that there would be production of virus at least for a period of time, but that virus would not be able to replicate. I think from, from a variety of in-vitro studies, it is possible to measure a dramatic reduction in virus production. And we may see the same thing in our clinical studies. We are, of course, looking for it. The Phase 2 studies are underway. So it won't take too long until we have a chance to see that. We are, of course, as well measuring clinical outcomes.
Roger Perlmutter: Right. For MK-4482, I think that the we – I don't really want to dribble out data on this. As we acquire meaningful data from the Phase II program, well, of course, let you know. But I should point out that we will be embarking probably in September on very large pivotal studies. And so those are going to be the important ones. And here, the goal has to be that with this orally active drug, that we can both reduce the duration of symptoms, but more importantly, key people who are symptomatic from becoming sick enough that they require hospitalization or if hospitalized, that they require intensive care unit hospitalization. The good news about MK-4482 is that it – because it is an oral drug given in capsules, it can be easily administered from the time that people have symptoms. And so that, I think, could mean that we could have a meaningful effect on the clinical outcomes. And that, of course, has to be the goal of therapy.
Roger Perlmutter: Well, thank you, David. First of all, from the MK-4482 as you know that the compound is aims positive, that's in a way not unexpected given its mechanism of action, it is a cytosine analog. So that one could expect to see those kinds of things. The question is does the compound have mutagenic activities that's meaningful in mammalian cells and what we want to do about this. Ordinarily, of course, we don't want to take mutagens forward into clinical practice, although it has been done where the benefit risk profile makes sense. With respect to this compound, we should note that in other tests, for example, the in vitro and in vivo micronucleus test that the compound is negative. We're doing other in vivo tests for mutagenesis in mammalian systems. And we'll do the usual kinds of preclinical evaluations that are conducted in such settings which includes a development on reproductive toxicology studies and of course accelerated carcinogenicity studies in rodents. Those are the things that one customarily does and my expectation is that when you look at the totality of data, that benefit risk profile for a short term course in treating an acute pulmonary infection will be favorable. And of course, that has been seen before. So it is something that we pay a lot of attention to. But on the other hand, I think, something that we can overcome. With respect to MRNA vaccines you're right we have quite a bit of experience, which we gained from working with our colleagues at Moderna, in looking at MRA vaccination. And I think there are some great strengths to MRA vaccination in particular, it's quite fast as both Moderna and Beyontec now working with Pfizer had demonstrated one can move very quickly from knowing the sequence, the genetic sequence of a potential target to developing an immunogen. On the other hand, our concern from the beginning was that this was going to be a pandemic. We felt that way long before WHO declared it a pandemic. We had no idea it would be as severe and as widely dispersed as it has proved to be, it is a threat to the entire world. And none of us are safe until we're all safe, as everyone says. And with that in mind, the need will be to mount effective vaccination for a large fraction of human population. There are several aspects of that that are important to emphasize. The first of course, as I've said, is it is nice to have a single dose vaccine. It would also be nice to have a vaccine that could be administered orally in the way that, for example, not that this is directly relevant the same in oral vaccine and came to replace the original polio vaccine. And in addition, we should recognize that there are many different populations who are infected. Of course, everyone is ultimately infected, but we have an elderly population at extremely high risk, particularly those who have underlying cardiovascular disease. And those individuals, the elderly population, tend not to respond as well. So under those circumstances [indiscernible], and especially in potent immunogen that was a reason for wanting to choose a replicating viral platform, in addition to our desire to have a single dose. We also have children, and adolescents and those in their third decade of life who are currently being infected in very high numbers. And we have a lot of people in robust, early adulthood who are ending up in the intensive care unit. Those people have extremely potent immune responses, but that’s important to get neutralization amounted quite early, I believe, in that population. So that could be a different kind of virus, maybe not the same one you would use in the adult population, as a vaccine, a different kind of viral vaccine. And the answer to the question of which one of these should we pay attention to, I think, I'm paying attention to both. We will get information from the measles platform earlier. And of course the measles platform, the measles vaccine has been used successfully in billions of people. So we have a lot of confidence in the way that will behave. We just need to see immunogenicity data. I would say, pre-clinically, it looks terrific. And then of course, we have a lot of confidence in the USP platform, which we've investigated extensively through the course of our registration program for Ebola virus vaccine. So I've watched them both. And I think that they're potentially quite important.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes, Seamus thanks for the questions. For MK-4482, you're right, you're completely right, because of its mechanism-of-action, that it resembles a nucleoside base. It’s in fact, just a derivatized version of a cytosine. It can be incorporated into any nascent RNA strain that is made by an appropriate virus. It's just a function of how well the viral polymerase is willing to accept the modified base. And just as one expects a virus is built for speed, typically viruses their RNA polymerases for RNA viruses are more accommodating of different structures than our mammalian DNA-dependent RNA polymerases involved in making messenger RNA, for example. And so it has good selectivity and good properties in that regard and should work very well for a whole variety of RNA viruses in vitro, it does exactly that. So a whole set of RNA viruses could potentially be treated, including, broadly speaking coronaviruses that we haven't yet made the acquaintance of. We don't really want to make the acquaintance of these, but our expectation is that this is not our last pandemic and probably not the last pandemic caused by coronavirus. So MK-4482 has broad activity and is potentially useful in a variety of different settings. Let's first see how it does with respect to SARS-CoV-2. Regarding islatravir, we have – of course, we remain enormously enthusiastic about islatravir Phase 3 studies are ongoing for the first set of combinations for islatravir for treatment of HIV infected individuals. And we've also, as you say, been looking for compounds to partner with islatravir, and we have such compounds. One of them moving forward right now is MK-8507. And we also have a group of others. So we believe that we're in a good place with respect to those. But we're moving forward in a variety of different directions. And then with respect to pre-exposure prophylaxis, yes, because the long durability of islatravir, the potential for a once monthly oral in particular, which could be used anywhere in the world, I think, is extremely attractive. But beyond that, as we've shown, islatravir can be formulated in a implantable form, which is a polymer that is positioned underneath the skin and can be active for potentially a year. And that provides, just about as close to perfect chemoprophylaxis as one can get, it's nearly vaccine like. So we're pursuing that as well, and we're optimistic about the ability of islatravir to make a big change in terms of the prevalence of HIV-mediated disease and the incidence of HIV infection.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes, thanks for those questions. So we have a lot of confidence in the single dose activity of both vaccines, because these are replicating vaccines. So they replicate in you, they are very potent immunogens and they have single dose activity, single administration activity in other settings. So of course, with V590, that's the vesicular stomatitis virus vaccine. That has been demonstrated for Ebola virus disease very effectively. A single dose provides in the field in the setting of civil strife of a large magnitude, greater than 97.5% efficacy in a single dose. Now, I can't tell you that that's exactly that it will behave when we put a different gene in this case SARS-CoV-2 spike protein spike protein encoding nucleic acids into the construct. But the interesting thing about the VSV platform is that this is actually a vaccine in which the spike protein becomes part of the vaccine, the replication of the virus is completely dependent upon the spike protein, it becomes the envelope protein that the vaccine which is different from simply expressing the protein, wherever one expresses it. So that has big effects. And pre-clinically the magnitude of the response on single administration is very impressive. Similarly, the measles platform has been shown in a variety of different settings most recently with respect to the chikungunya administration to be a very potent immunogen. We have a lot of competence in that. And with respect to Y2, as I've said, there is reason to believe that multiple different vaccines will be required in order to manage this extraordinary global pandemic. In particular, when one thinks about the heterogeneity of the population that we want to vaccinate, those with extremely robust immune responses, for example, teenagers or those in their 20s, those in the elderly population at greatest risk, but we have poor immune responses just to give a couple of examples. There is also reason in terms of just the ability to deliver the vaccine to different parts of the globe and to administer it successfully as part of a huge global vaccination program. And so our intention at the moment is not to choose, but to instead examine the special properties of each of these very good platforms and then to see which one needs to be taken forward first and in which population and which perhaps second, although both could be advanced simultaneous.
