Kenneth Frazier: Okay. On the first question, again, I feel that we have greater assets in both Animal Health and Consumer Care. As I mentioned, that complement our Human Health business and can help contribute to our top line and bottom line growth objectives. From a standpoint of focus in resources and management oversight, we see these businesses as being very complementary to what we're doing. We have strong leaders in both businesses. We're developing the right kinds of plans going forward to ensure that those businesses can contribute to Merck in the right way, subject to the way we run the entire business, which is to have strong growth on both the top line and the bottom lines. So we're pleased to have those businesses.
Kenneth Frazier: Thanks for your questions, Jami. Let me just say that we are pleased with the assets that we have because we believe they complement our Human Health business. As we go forward, we will be looking for opportunities to grow our presence in the consumer space if that's what we believe will create long-term shareholder value. But strategy has multiple dimensions. And what I am saying is, we think these businesses are good. They provide us with, in effect, buffers on some of the issues that I think that the core Pharma business provides us. They're helping us to grow right now. We like the fact that we're seeing 6% growth in Consumer, 7% growth in Animal Health. And going forward, we're just going to have to look at those, just figure out how those assets can help us maximize shareholder return, and I'm not ruling anything out. I didn't mean to rule anything out. I'm simply say that we like those businesses, and they're performing well as a part of our portfolio. Again, I'll report that Consumer Health is tied directly to Global Human Health, particularly in the emerging markets, where we use the same channels, we reach the same patients, if you will. So we like those businesses, and we'll continue to look at how the entire portfolio can perform to maximize shareholder value.
Kenneth Frazier: Yes, I'd just underscore Adam's last point. We've always been focused as a company on innovation and differentiation. We want to participate up and down the segments of the markets in the emerging markets, but we want to play to our strength as a company. And that is really around science and innovation and differentiation, and that's why we've entered into this agreement with Sun Pharma. We think they are able to help us develop a brand -- a line of brands that actually meet the Merck standard in term -- when it comes to patient value, innovation and differentiation.
Kenneth Frazier: The decision that was made about betrixaban really reflected, as I said, our approach to looking at the high ROI and NPV hurdles that we think we want to have before we go ahead and make big bet. Going forward, in this area as well as all other areas, we are really focused on finding the best science available externally, bringing it into Merck and being able to work with molecules and in partnership with other companies to drive growth going forward. So I would say, it wouldn't just be an issue around Factor Xa. It's a factor about each one of our franchises, and our franchise leaders both on the commercial side and the scientific side are actually charged with bringing in the best external science.
Kenneth Frazier: So I'll start with the J&J question, John. I think that we had a strong position going into that arbitration. I think the 70-30 split reflects that we had a strong position, and as to why we ended up where we ended up here, it was because both parties agreed that given the merits of the case, this will be a good place for the 2 parties to come out and remove all the uncertainty that exists in any arbitration proceeding.
Kenneth Frazier: Yes. On the R&D question, I would say that as I've tried to say all along, the R&D spending that you see at this time in Merck is a function of the assets that we have at various stages of development in the pipeline. I don't think you should consider it to be a number going forward. I think it will all depend on what we have. We're pleased to have the assets that we have in late-stage development inside our company. And going forward, we are going to be looking for ways to produce efficiencies in our R&D, including prioritization decisions. We've been reducing the number of R&D sites. So we are committed to ensuring that whatever we spend on R&D going forward is about quality, not about quantity. So we have no dogma about an $8 billion spend in R&D. It's really about making sure that we maximize the assets because we're committed to growth long term, and we believe that R&D is the predominant driver of long-term growth in this industry. On the SINGULAIR OTC issue, I'll turn it over to Adam.
Kenneth Frazier: And I'm sorry. I know your last question was on betrixaban, Tim. I seem to have not remembered it is exactly.
Kenneth Frazier: So I just said a few minutes ago, we are looking at opportunities across the broad spectrum of therapeutic areas. If we find opportunities that we believe provide value for us to enter into that space or any other space in which we've actually determined we want to be a party going forward, we will look for those opportunities.
Kenneth Frazier: On the last question on betrixaban, I won't comment specifically on the specific decision. I will say that we looked at the totality of public information, about the various molecules in the space and decided that it was not going to meet our ROI standards to enter into sort of large scale study that we thought we would be required to enter into.
Kenneth Frazier: So I'll say that we intend to file CORDAPTIVE in the United States in 2012. That is our intention, and I think that's what our expectation is going forward. On the synergies, we've said that we intend to achieve the $3.5 billion in net synergies going forward. We are focused on that, but as I try to say early on, our visions go even well beyond that in terms of how do we position this company to have a model that will be successful in a tough future environment. So we are committed to achieving the $3.5 billion in annual cost synergies by 2012 as we've said. But we're also looking at having the right kind of models going forward to allow us to succeed long into the future.
Kenneth Frazier: Sure. So as you know, we continue to experience intermittent back orders with respect to ZOSTAVAX. We were able to make some shipments in last couple of weeks for orders placed in February. We expect to have additional shipments in May, June for orders that we placed from April 18 or later. We expect to ship things in August. So we are intermittent backorder situation. I think with respect to vaccines, overall, if you strip out ZOSTA supply and you strip out the buy-in that we had last year, we performed pretty much on plan.
Kenneth Frazier: And on the first question, I can speak to it generally. I think if you look at the history of Merck, we've been really good at first-in-class innovative products. That's been our history, but we think that's sort of at the high-risk end of the spectrum. It's also at a high-reward part of the spectrum. So what we've tried to do is we thought about our research strategy, if they have specific programs that go first-in-class, that focused on the best-in-class life cycle management in terms of new indications, biosimilars, new combinations, formulations and in the emerging markets, what we call differentiated branded generics. Now they all, I think, have a different probability of success. They have a different level of investment that's required. And what we want to do is we want to be able to spread our risk across that spectrum and be able to participate in all those segments of the market.
Kenneth Frazier: Yes. We don't publicly discuss the terms of our J&J agreement around consumer products. I will say that we like the Consumer business that we have. We see opportunities again to have it complement what we're doing in our Human Health business, and that's about all that I can say right now. I'll turn it over to Peter.
Kenneth Frazier: So I'll remind you that the North Carolina facility is a fill and finish operation at this point. It's not ready for a bulk. We hope to get the bulk supply through that facility later, okay? Well, let me just say again in closing, I want to thank you, all, for your participation this morning, as well as your important questions. If you have further questions, I encourage you to reach out directly to Alex or any member of our Investor Relations team. As we move ahead, we really look forward to updating you on our progress in executing our growth strategy and our plans to deliver shareholder return through the continued progression of our pipeline and the continued growth of our products. We are very much committed to growth, and we think we're off to a terrific start in the first quarter. And I look forward to speaking to you -- with you in the future. Thank you very much.
Adam Schechter: Yes. For boceprevir, we believe that we've completed the studies required for approval, and we anticipate to launch in May.
Adam Schechter: Yes, so, Tony, if you'd look at Sun Pharma, we've spent a lot of time with the companies working together. And we're taking a look at all the potential opportunities for our novel innovative combinations and formulations, and we have quite a long list of potential possibilities. What we're now doing is we're going to put a General Manager in charge of that joint venture. The General Manager will work with the board that's made up of equal employees from both Merck and from Sun Pharma. That General Manager will come with a recommendation on the priority of the different opportunities that we have that will be based upon how quickly we can get them to market, what the probability of success is, what the market needs are and how these products will meet those market needs. So ultimately, the revenue potential of the products. We anticipate that the formulation work, the low cost manufacturing work will be with Sun pharma, that commercialization will be done by Merck. And we would look to launch those products in whatever emerging markets we believe there'd be significant opportunity in for each of those products. We'd use the regulatory capabilities in those markets from Merck. So there's still a lot of work for us to do to go and make sure that we've got it all washed out. This deal is for all the emerging markets with the exception of India. And we don't have the exact product list. We're going to wait for the General Manager to make the recommendation. So there's still work for us to do there. But we're very excited about this opportunity because we believe it gives us the capabilities and the opportunities to bring novel, innovative branded generics to these markets, which we think are going to help with the innovation platform that we're launching in the emerging markets.
Adam Schechter: And to answer the question regarding emerging markets, we are committed to a target of 25% in 2013. And if you look at the emerging markets and the strong growth that I mentioned, for example, China of 40%, we never had REMICADE or SIMPONI in China. We also retained Russia and Turkey. So, overall, our performance in emerging markets is very strong. We believe there's very significant opportunity, and we continue to reinforce the 25% that we've said before.
Adam Schechter: Yes, and first, I'll start by saying I mentioned with SINGULAIR that we think there's tremendous opportunities in Japan, and also the emerging markets, we expect there to continue to be strong growth even after the patent expiry in the United States and Europe. We had looked at the possibility of all of our Rx brands to go OTC, and we always evaluate and look at those opportunities. And of course, we'll do the same with SINGULAIR.
Adam Schechter: I'd add I think that in all those areas, we hold the same standard that the return on investment are the positive. All these actually have a nice return on investment profile. Obviously, as Ken said, some have different POS's or different commercial rollouts. But in general, we shoot for strong returns in all those areas.
Adam Schechter: And Michael, with regard to boceprevir, the first thing I say is, we know this market. We've been in this market for quite some time. We know the physicians. We've worked with these the physicians for quite some time. I don't want to give the specifics of our strategy right now. I'm sure our competition would love to hear that. But I really do look forward to talking about our strategy and talking about how we're implementing that strategy once the product is approved.
Adam Schechter: Yes. With regard to ZOSTAVAX, I can tell you we're working our -- manufacturing team is working very hard on that. Now we've made some shipments in the last 2 weeks of April for orders that were placed back in February. We're expecting to have some more shipments in May and June. But we're going to continue to be in backorder situations intermittently. So we don't have an exact timing for that to be fully resolved.
Peter Kellogg: Yes, thanks. I would reiterate actually what Ken just said, that there's no question that we had an absolute desire to be as shareholder friendly as possible, with returning cash to shareholders as part of the formula of total shareholder returns, and we certainly appreciate how important that is. We do look at our net cash, net debt level over time, and so we do forecast that out. We don't give guidance on it, obviously, but we have been very focused on returning a lot of the cash that we do generate to shareholders. And I think that's certainly has been some of the facts and perspectives that I provided during my discussion. Relative to the dividend versus the share repurchase, obviously, that's the trade off that we think about. At this point, we think as we look at the opportunity to create shareholder value, we felt that the share repurchase was a great opportunity. That's not to discount any other options for the future.
Peter Kellogg: So Jami, on the second part, about the share repurchase timing, we don't obviously give guidance relative to when we'll be in the market and so forth. I would highlight that last year, our purchases of $1.6 billion were done primarily in the second and third quarter. And then just due to a variety of factors, the earnings time schedule, vorapaxar news and the J&J settlement, we've actually been blocked out of the market from being able to go into the market for quite some time, number of months. So I think going forward, we will see some windows, and we'll see what we'll do. But we really don't forecast going forward.
Peter Kellogg: David, this is Peter. Let me take the first part. So, yes, we do have a strong first quarter. I think as we commented, we do anticipate about $0.08 and $0.09 impact in the second half of the year from the arbitration settlement. So I think when we factor that in, and I think the guidance probably makes a lot of sense. And I would remind you also that in the second half year as we go through the balance of the year, we're going to be investing against some very important launches that we intend to plan to win or play to win for. So I think our guidance right now reflects that what we think is a realistic range of outcomes for the year, and we feel very good, quite frankly, about how we got started this quarter. We made a real focus on getting a fast start this year, and we're very happy to be able to hold the top line and bottom line guidance. And, in fact, despite the arbitration impact, it actually increased the midpoint of our bottom line guidance range. So we're feeling very good about kind of the total package at this point from a guidance standpoint.
Peter Kellogg: So relative to the Inspire acquisition, obviously, that includes that, but it hasn't been announced. We will use our normal protocol so the specific purchase accounting elements, we would exclude from our non-GAAP performance. But, obviously, all the operational elements, all the ongoing business expenses and trends of that business would be part of our ongoing business.
