Joseph Romanelli: Thank you, Christy, and good morning, everyone. We’d also like to say good afternoon and good evening to everyone listening outside the United States. Welcome to Merck’s fourth quarter 2014 conference call. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I just want to play out a couple of items. First, you will see that we have items in our GAAP results, such as the acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs, and certain other items. You should note that we have excluded those items from our non-GAAP results. There are reconciliation tables available in our press release, so you can get a better understanding of the underlying performance. We have also provided tables to help you understand the sales results in the quarter for the business units, as well as for the products. This could be found in Table 3 of our press release and the reconciliation table, I mentioned earlier, is in Table 2 of the release. During the call, we will be referring to Table 2 for the P&L and Table 3 as it relates to revenue. Second, I would like to remind you that some of the statements we make during today’s call might be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current beliefs of Merck’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risk or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2013 10-K identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck underscores no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements and you can see our SEC filings, as well as today’s earnings release on merck.com. So, with that, this morning, I am joined by Ken Frazier, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Schechter, President of Global Human Health; Rob Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Roger Perlmutter, President of Merck Research Labs. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.
Joseph Romanelli: Great. Thank you, Roger. And Christy, I think we are ready to turnover to the Q&A portion of the call and why don’t we go ahead and take our first caller.
Joseph Romanelli: Great. Thank you, Colin, and Colin, congratulations on the arrival of your first baby, your daughter few weeks ago.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: So Vamil, let me just -- this is Roger, let me just comment with respect to breakthrough designation, we continue to have the source of discussions that we have been having with the agency with regard to our doublet therapy which we are very excited about. Breakthrough designation of course doesn’t affect our filing strategy and the data or the data. We have our Phase III moving along with our program. The agency has invited us to comment on their intent to withdraw breakthrough designation, and we intend to have those discussions with the agency. And we will see where that goes, but meanwhile we are moving forward with our program. And Adam, I think you have some to add.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: Yeah. So Tim, with respect to KEYNOTE-010, this trial as with the most all of the others is an event driven trial. And so the overall survival results will be looked at as a function of the number of events that occur in order to be adequately powered to see a difference, which we would hope would anticipate would exist. So we can’t really predict what the timing will be, the timing that is in clinicaltrials.gov is our best estimate of what we’re expecting. And we, of course, have a data safety monitoring board, that’s reviewing these data. There always could be changes in terms of what seen and they might call us and want us to look at it, but that’s really the status of the trial as it currently stands. I would just like to say that with respect to melanoma data and the question that Adam will take on, but we do have a considerable amount of data in all lines of therapy in melanoma, which we presented in various different settings. So we have a lot of efficacy data, that’s already available in the first-line setting in naïve patients.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: It might we worth adding that recall that we’ve now lapped the ZILMAX impacts. So part of what you’re seeing in the strengthening quarter-on-quarter, our fourth quarter this year versus fourth quarter last year is in fact, the fact that ZILMAX is now added at compare.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: And Seamus, just on the PD-L1 biomarker. So first with respect to what is actually good for, in non-small cell lung cancer. There is no doubt that there is a correlation between PD-L1 expression and the pretreatment specimens and response rate progression free survival that we measure after treatment. So we will in fact have the Dako associated PD-L1 antibody test for immunohistochemistry available for filing and available for you slip the drug because that is an important aspect of treating patients. On the other hand, it is important to recognize that PD-L1 is not an absolute predictor of responsiveness that is to say that there are PD-L1 negative patients who never less respond to therapy. So the issue will be, how to capture in labeling language the way in which to use this test. It’s not an absolutely predictive biomarker, but it is an important indicator of prognosis with respect to response.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: Yeah. And Mark, it’s Roger. And on CETP, yes, I think it’s very unlikely that the study would be stopped early. It is important in general to the executive committee of the study I think speaking for those groups that are involved, Oxford and TIMI. They are extremely anxious to have a definitive answer with respect to the question of whether HDL elevation of the kind that you achieve anacetrapib through CETP inhibition, actually has a meaningful active or better affect on cardiovascular outcomes when used in combination with -- when used as a treatment for cardiovascular risk. And keep in mind, again, as you know well, Mark, that anacetrapib lower LDL cholesterol dramatically. So my comments were meant to say that since we know that LDL cholesterol-lowering is itself associated with a favorable outcome, one expects a favorable outcome. The question that’s being asked is, can we do still more through CETP inhibition? I think we'll go to the end trying to find that out. Of course, we are all looking very carefully at the safety, all along the way and that could be a reason to stop the study. But on efficacy, I think it’s very unlikely to stop at an interim. I think it will go to completion. And then with respect to TECOS, we’d just have to see what the data look like. The study is being, of course run by Independent Executive Committee, Duke Center is coordinating it. They are going to pull together the data. They believe that they're going to be able to pull that together in time for presentation at the ATA Meetings. And depending on what we see, I mean that will decide how that's announced to you and to the public at large.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: And, John, with respect to HIV strategy, without going into an enormous amount of detail and totality of it, as you know, ISENTRESS is an extremely important platform for therapy and as the data that we described last year, from the advanced studies that demonstrate that moving ISENTRESS to once-daily platform obviously is something that is important to do. MK-1439, Doravirine, is intended ultimately if it reaches its objectives to replace efavirenz which is another platform. And the non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor category, what we know is that this is an extremely important aspect of combination therapy. And yet, there are some real concerns about the ability of patients to adhere to efavirenz because of adverse experiences. 1439 has very favorable properties. Doravirine has very favorable properties. And we’re expecting to see, we are within phase 3 now for that study. We are expecting to see our data in the 2016, late 2016 timeframe. And based on what those data show us then we will be in a he position to put that molecule in combination with the other programs that we have including ISENTRESS. So that’s an aspect. But there are many, many aspects of the combination therapy that gives you a sense where we think we are, where we think we are right now.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: Okay. First of all, for the Hep C program, our phase 3 studies, the first wave of phase 3 studies that support registration are essentially complete. So those data are being prepared and our expectation is that we are going to be able to file the Hep C program in the first half of this year that’s what we’ve said. And so there is really no change to those programs that we can engineer at this point. The studies are done and off course, those studies were studies that we designed, I’m following lots of discussions with the FDA. So that’s kind of where we are with respect to those. And we are looking for having the opportunity to describe those data, two year and the data will be presented in significant part at EASL. With respect to 4166, which others know is our GIRT agonist program, which is one of the combination programs in our immuno-oncology program. It’s in Phase 1 has been since the middle of last year. Data are accruing and we hope to have the opportunity to share those data with you in -- not just in future.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: And with respect to, Colin, with respect to odanacatib, as we’ve said, as we showed at the last year's meetings, odanacatib has a very impressive affects in terms of reducing the risk vertebral, nonvertebral and hip fractures, and there is a particularly strong effect in reducing the risk of clinical vertebral fractures in women with postmenopausal osteoporosis. The problem in our data set was that there were some inconsistencies with respect to MACE events. And we decided after looking at that and after discussions with FDA that we would re-adjudicate all of those events. So we're in the process of doing that, re-adjudication is going forward. FDA is participated in the design of that process and we’re working through it as soon as those data are complete .We’ll pull it all together and we’ll have the opportunity to file, which we expect to do by the end of the year.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: Yeah. So, Steve, with respect to PD-L1 in lung, we actually we have a very large data set, we’ve described through our presentations also on clinicaltrials.gov, more than nearly 600 patients with non-small cell lung cancer, included in that a lot of individuals who have low PD-L1 expression. But let me point out, it is a continued of the PD-1 expression. So the issue really is when you looking at it with our immuno-histochemistry test, what is the cut point that you use. And there are patients who are absolutely completely negative. We can find a single cell seemingly that’s PD-L1 expressing, of course, that's based on a very small biopsy sample, you don't know what would happen if you look to another sample or there could be population of cells that are expressing there. And then there are others which seemingly every cell is expressing and then the vast bulk of individuals who are somewhere in the middle. And so the question is, what is a PD-L1 positive patient, we obviously, haven’t approach to that, so we have develop through series of statistical analysis, but that something that clearly we have to be reviewed with the agency as we go forward. With respect to REVEAL, I am very confident for the reasons that I mentioned that there will be a favorable effect of anacetrapib in terms cardiovascular risk. It has very impressive effects on LDL cholesterol and that should be associated with the lowering risk, but that isn’t the question really that’s addressed in the trial. The trial is trying to address the question of whether HDL elevation known for decades as associated with improve cardiovascular outcomes has meaningful effects. And for this reason the trial is structured in such a way that as its typical for such trials, but its unlikely that DSMB is going to call the study, unless there is just an extraordinary favorable result. So that’s my expectation and…
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: Yeah. Steve, with regard to ZOSTAVAX, so first, when you think about the GSK product, there is still a lot more we need to learn beyond the limited Phase 3 efficacy data that was available in the press release. So we are looking forward to the data being published and available, so we can learn a lot more about that vaccine. But if you look at ZOSTAVAX specifically, there are lots of attributes that customers really value. First of all, the single dose vaccine has established track record of safety and efficacy in both clinical trials, but also in real world evidence studyings. And we have already distributed over 20 million doses across 25 markets. There is still a lot of unvaccinated patients in the U.S. alone that can benefit from it. And as you can see in the marketplace we have increased our direct-to-consumer advertising. We are doing a lot to try to treat as many patients as possible in the short-term.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: Broadly speaking for R&D recognized magnitude of the clinical trial costs associated with moving forward with the totality of the KEYTRUDA program and all of the other programs that we are pursuing. That said, I believe, firmly, we have delivered what it means and we will do everything we can to prioritized those investments. This is something that Adam and I do together and thinking about how to develop our portfolios and we are quite disciplined about that. We do expect that because of the profound opportunities of KEYTRUDA, there will be an increase in expenses. But we will -- we are going to manage that very carefully. And with respect to anacetrapib, the trial will continue, there will not be a reason to announce that the trial was continuing. If something happens, of course, we will let you know about it. But in general, I think, we should expect that you'll hear about the trial when we obtain the results.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: Okay. On anacetrapib, Gregg, there is no way to assign benefit to any particular mechanism, except to say that there is an awfully good nomogram that correlates LDL cholesterol lowering with the degree of reduction in major cardiovascular events. And that nomogram is supported by all set of studies with different agents now, particularly in line of IMPROVE-IT. So you have a general feel for the magnitude that you're expecting. The question is do you see something that’s above and beyond that. I think that what’s critical in the study of anacetrapib is to get a very, very hard number and to be really comfortable with the magnitude of the treatment effect and we’ll see that when the study completes.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: And, Chris, with regard to KEYTRUDA filings, as we’ve discussed before beyond melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer. Last year, we had the opportunity to present data from five additional tumor types in which, response rates really suggest that registration enabling studies to proceed and we are pursuing all of those. So that includes, of course head and neck cancer, includes gastric cancer, includes bladder cancer, triple negative breast cancer and Hodgkin's Lymphoma data. And we have quite strong, quite provocative data in all those areas that we’ve had chance to share with you. We’ve initiated studies in many of those cases and depending on upon what those results look like, that would provide the basis potentially for filings going forward. We’ll have a lot more to say about that but those are the areas which are most advanced right now and I’ll look at clinicaltrials.gov. We will reveal that in particular, colorectal, head neck cancer and other cancers. And then with respect to other immuno-oncology assets, of course we have the GITR asset, we’ve already talked about and we’ve discussed LAG-3, which will be coming forward. We are very interested in the set of cell surface molecules that are both stimulatory and antagonistic with respect to immune regulation and we have developed internally derived antibodies against a whole cluster of those. You are going to have a chance of seeing a number of them coming forward in this calendar year.
Adam Schechter: Hi, Vamil. So with regard to hepatitis C first, the first thing I want to say is that it is still a large market. There is over 3 million patients in U.S. alone and 100 million patients worldwide. So we believe that this is a market that will be sustainable for a long period of time. Whenever there is competitors, there is going to be increased competition in U.S. on pricing and rebates. And although the magnitude maybe discussed, I think the fact that there is competition is not a surprise at all. The good news is as we look at our success in managed care over the years, we’ve had a lot of success across every therapeutic area that we compete within, whether it would be diabetes or cholesterol or HIV, even HCV when we had details in the marketplace. So we still feel good that we will be able to compete in the competitive environment with our very strong managed care capabilities. And if I remind, we have the doublet coming which we are excited about, but we are also excited about the potential of the triplet in the future as well. As you look at KEYTRUDA, so we are very pleased with the market access that we have today and the fact that reimbursement is happening very quickly for the approved indication. We continue to believe that the market is going to reward innovation. Particularly, innovation is going to improve clinical outcomes over the current therapies. And if you look at KEYTRUDA, the key is building a wall of data around that product and we’ve got a very broad clinical program with over 60 studies. And we are looking at KEYTRUDA monotherapy as well as in combination therapies. And we believe as that data comes out, it will continue to reinforce the value proposition that we have for KEYTRUDA. So we are pleased with the initial access and we are going to continue to compete very effectively in that marketplace as well.
Adam Schechter: So Tim, I’ll give you some context on KEYTRUDA, then I’ll get directly to your question on NCCN. So we believe there’s about 2,000 patients that are being treated in December. And we believe that virtually all of those patients were treated on the current label. And to give you some perspective on Compendia, if you look at the approval on 2014, NCCN compendium guidelines added KEYTRUDA for melanoma treatment consistent with our label very quickly. But as you mentioned in mid January, NCCN updated the guidelines for melanoma and they broaden the recommendations on melanoma and I’ll give you a sense of what they did. First, there was consensus among NCCN panel that KEYTRUDA and Optivo has a higher response rate and less toxicity, compared to ipilimumab. Second, both drugs are included as options for first-line treatment and included on the list of preferred regimens. So although we promote on label only, it’s clearly a positive for anti-PD-1 class and it’s a positive for the future of cancer treatment. So we'll see how this plays out over the coming months, but we believe obviously, it’s a positive for the class. As you look at Remicade, I think there’s a couple things to think about. First of all, we had continued growth of Simponi, but we had declined in Remicade of 3%. And we are certainly trying to see some impact from the 20% of markets that had availability of biosimilars last year and Norway is one of those. And what we saw in Norway is first of all, it’s been available for over a year. It was launched in October 2013 the biosimilar and I want to comment on the commercial strategy of the competitors, but we have seen this tender at a very sharp discount as you mentioned. But our expectation remains that customers will continue to take a measured approach and how they use biosimilars and especially, for the patients who are well controlled, at least at this early stage as we go into the broader European markets. So therefore, we believe in the broader European markets, we will see significant price decreases from the competition, but that it will impact primarily the new patients coming in. Therefore, we’ll try to hang on to the existing patients for as long as we can. At the same time, there will certain markets like France and Spain that even if you hold a 100% of market share because of reference pricing, we’re going to have a lower price there, no matter what happens in terms of market share. So we’ll be monitoring and discussing that as we get through this year. And the key for us is continuing to have strong growth of Simponi. And as you saw Simponi grew about 40% in the fourth quarter versus prior year fourth quarter, so we are seeing good growth there. I’ll say though that we don't expect the growth of Simponi to offset the decline in Remicade as we’re in 2015.
Adam Schechter: So on Animal Health, you can see the fourth quarter showed very strong performance on our Animal Health unit and overall 2014 is a very strong year. And the good news is that it is driven by strength across all regions and all species. And in particular, on depending on companion animals, it was really supported as we said by the launch of BRAVECTO which is underway all over the world. And this year, we’re looking forward to mid-single digit growth in 2015. We’ve also said that we will continue to look for opportunities to augment our Animal Health business in ways they create overall value for our shareholders. So we’re very excited by that business. It is performing very well.
Adam Schechter: So hi Mark, this is Adam. With the regards to JANUVIA in the U.S., there was some positive impact from price, but it’s mostly from volume. And if you look at TRX volume and you look at whether it’s a current week, or rolling 12 weeks, you are seeing saying anywhere from a 6% to 7% increase for same week or same rolling 12-week time period in the prior year. So a little bit from price, but mostly volume.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So -- hi, John. So, first one with regard to Remicade and it’s hard to say because we’ve never had a product of this magnitude. We’ve got biosimilar competition in major European markets and it's hard to predict based on what happened in the smaller markets as to exactly what will happen in large markets. What we are assuming is that we can maintain a large number of the currently treated patients and we’ll see the most pressure in new patients coming into the markets. The immediate mandatory price reductions, there's really four or five markers where that occurs is simply France, Spain, Austria and Belgium. And those are markets that it’s going to depend on what the biosimilar do in other parts of Europe in terms of competition and what they do discount versus how they try to compete for the business in certain other markets. So what we've assumed is that we keep the majority of patients. There will be some pricing pressure. If you look at the overall franchise, we think that it will decline versus the prior year because the growth in Simponi, which will remain strong, will not offset the pressure that we’ll see on the Remicade and the price erosion. But it’s just too early to know exactly what could happen. We’ve seen discounts so far of approximately 30%, but then you see what happened in Norway, which was more steep than that. So, we’ll have to see where they go and we’ll report over time what we see in the marketplace.
Adam Schechter: So with respect to refining the overall portfolio not with respect to animal health specifically, we continue to evaluate our strategy and our opportunity to create greater value for shareholders and for customers. I have said very clearly that, we see animal health as a great business. We are very interested in that business. We’re looking to augment that business. From a business development standpoint, first of all, we do remain committed to business development as a way of augmenting our pipeline with programs that, as Roger said, provide unambiguous promotable advantage and while we have a significant number of deals last year, including Cubist, Idenix and OncoEthix. In 2015, we will also pursue the right kind of deals, which for us are bolt-on opportunities that will either drive our pipeline, which of course, is the most important thing to our future growth or we might pursue additional commercial assets, if we believe that we have the ability in our portfolio to maximize with our reach, our expertise and our fit, what those molecules can do. So I would say we’ll continue to look for value-added bolt-on opportunities and I’ll remind that we believe we have the right balance sheet to continue to do this.
Adam Schechter: To be blunt, we are trying to get patients to originate to get a single dose vaccine. And we think that that is something that we continue to do, getting people to originate twice to get a double shot is probably a little bit more challenging.
Adam Schechter: Hi, Tony. I will start with regard to operational excellence. It first starts off with focus and what you have seen is we have really put our resources behind the four focused areas that I’ve talked about before. And although, total SG&A had come down last, what you saw is we increase our spend in diabetes and we built a oncology business unit to launch KEYTRUDA and we fully allocate resources to there. We look at every launch as a very important opportunity and we intent to fund those launches to be successful and we will cut another areas, but we are not going to cut an areas that are key priority growth areas for us, in particular we think about diabetes, hospital, acute care, vaccines and oncology. But also other launches that are even outside of those areas, we are going to fund those and we are going to resource those for a success. So it really does come down to, where else we reduce expenses and it’s going to be outside of those key growth areas.
Adam Schechter: So, first, with regard to HCV and so we don’t know the exact language in the contracts that competitors have signed. So, I will put that aside not knowing the exact wording the contracts. But in general, we’ve had very-very good success with managed care access across multiple different therapeutic area, multiple different specialty classes where there is intense competitors and we believe that we will be able to get good access once we launch the product. I don’t want to discuss our contracting or pricing strategy but we are going to make sure that we are competitive in the marketplace in order to get access.
Rob Davis: Sure. So as you look at foreign currency in the prepared comments as we mentioned, given what we’ve seen really since September of last year the significant strengthening of U.S. dollar versus pretty much all currencies, we are seeing an impact. And as we said in our prepared comments, we see $0.27 of potential FX impact built into our assumptions. As we look at how this flows through the P&L, we do get some natural hedge ability through our numbers and we are hedging actively in the marketplace, but we can only offset a small percentage of the impact. And in fact, I would call more blunting of impact than ability to mitigate it. As we look at the flow through from sales to EPS, you will see a flow through at a slightly greater rate due to the fact that we do have more expenses in U.S. dollar driven primarily due to our R&D expenses in United States and our headquarter expenses relative to the percentage of our revenue. So that’s all kind of the dynamic of what’s playing through in the numbers you’re seeing. But as I mentioned in the prepared comments, if you exclude FX from an earnings perspective, we actually grew, we’ll be growing from 2014 to 2015.
Rob Davis: Yeah. So good morning. I’ll answer the first question around tax. There are really several things contributing to the decrease on our tax rate year-over-year. First, the divestiture of the consumer care business is expected to benefit our 2015 tax rate given the fact that the majority of the U.S. consumer care business was a U.S. based business and that more than offsets the fact that there is a slight impact and then from a negative perspective to the acquisition of Cubist. So net of acquisitions and divestitures, we actually see a benefit flowing through our tax rate. And then outside of these factors, we do have favorable product in geographic mix year-on-year. We have some time items. I don’t want to get into them, but flowing through. And then probably most importantly, we have and continue to look for specific strategies to actively manage the tax rate going forward. And well I don’t want to give longer term guidance clearly that is something we are very focused on. And we’ll continue to see as an important contributor.
Rob Davis: And Tony, this is Rob. I just might add that I do think and agree with Adam, we are adequately investing where we need to invest for new products. I think the fact that we’re growing the R&D spend is more a statement of the success of our programs and our excitement on our pipeline because to Roger’s point, we’re very disciplined. And I think that shows in the fact that overall, we are still expecting to lower OpEx in 2015 versus 2014 versus focus. So it is, I think, a good story of focus and discipline.
