Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Merck's First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. Speaking on today's call will be Rob Davis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Caroline Litchfield, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Dean Li, President of Merck Research Labs. Before we get started, I'd like to point out a few items. You will see that we have items in our GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs and certain other items. You should note that we have excluded these from our non-GAAP results and provide a reconciliation in our press release. I would like to remind you that some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current beliefs of Merck's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A and the 2022 10-K, identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. During today's call, a slide presentation will accompany our speakers' prepared remarks. These slides, along with the earnings release, today's prepared remarks and our SEC filings are all posted to the Investor Relations section of Merck's website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Peter Dannenbaum: clinical candidate with a unique dual mechanism of action, including anti inflammatory and anti fibrotic properties. PRA023 Phase 2 results in both Ulcerative Colitis and Crohn's disease demonstrated strong efficacy. Further at an interim analysis, the data and the biomarker positive subpopulation suggested even greater efficacy with patients more likely to achieve clinical remission. By combining Prometheus' deep understanding of inflammatory bowel disease, and Merck's deep expertise in developing and implementing biomarkers. We hope to usher in a new era in immunology, where patients are matched with the right therapy based on a precision medicine approach. Prometheus's biobank of IBD specimens have yielded deep molecular insights that form the foundation for the discovery of PRA052 and we look forward to building on that knowledge to gain further insights, which will enable the identification and prioritization of additional targets.  In closing, we continue to make progress towards our goal of creating innovative medicines that will improve the outcomes for patients.  And now I will turn the call back to Peter.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Dean. Michelle, we're ready for Q&A. I'd like to ask analysts to limit themselves to one question today, we'd like to complete the call by the top of the hour. Thank you.
Peter Dannenbaum: Great. Thank you, Trung, and thank you all for your very good questions today. We look forward to hearing from you and engaging with you in the future. Thanks a lot.
Robert Davis: Thanks, Peter. Good morning, and thank you for joining today's call. We began 2023 with significant advancements across key areas of our pipeline and with continued strong performance of our key growth drivers. I remain very pleased with the consistency and excellence of our team's execution, and I'm confident that our strategy is leading to sustainable success. We remain grounded in our shared purpose to bring forward bold science that delivered solutions, which address serious unmet medical needs and importantly, save and improve lives around the world. Our priorities remain consistent. By focusing on our science-led strategy, we intend to bring forward important innovation from our internal discovery pipeline and via strategic business development targeted at accessing the most compelling and complementary external science, leveraging our best-in-class clinical development capabilities. We aim to sustain the momentum in our pipeline in 2023 and beyond, and we're confident that this will lead to strong commercial and financial performance as well as value creation for patients and shareholders over the long term. Speaking of accessing important external innovation, we're very pleased with our announced acquisition of Prometheus Biosciences. Prometheus brings us a potential best-in-class novel treatment that could transform the standard of care for patients suffering from ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease, potentially debilitating conditions as well as a broader pipeline and a technology platform that enables a precision medicine approach. It accelerates our presence in immunology, increases the diversity of our pipeline and brings us a potentially significant revenue growth driver through the next decade. This transaction is also another example of Merck acting decisively when science and value align. Turning now to our first quarter results. We delivered very significant underlying growth, excluding the expected year-over-year decline in LAGEVRIO sales. This reflects continued fundamental strength and momentum across our key growth drivers particularly in oncology and vaccines. These results reinforce our confidence in the robust demand for our innovative portfolio and in our outlook for the remainder of 2023, which Caroline will speak to in a moment. Moving to our research organization. We've made significant advancements. In cardiovascular, we shared the remarkable work of our research colleagues at the American College of Cardiology Conference in March. The strength of the data from the Phase 3 STELLAR trial studying sotatercept in pulmonary arterial hypertension reinforces our belief in this important new mechanisms potential to change the treatment paradigm for patients. In addition, impressive results from the Phase 2 trial studying our oral PCSK9 inhibitor suggests that this could be a globally accessible treatment option for patients in need of LDL-cholesterol reduction. The successes we are achieving across our cardiovascular pipeline have created excitement across our company and a belief that Merck will build on its strong legacy of bringing forth breakthrough therapies for the benefit of patients suffering from cardiovascular disease and that these programs will contribute significantly to our long-term growth. In oncology, we were pleased to share the positive top line results from KEYNOTE-671, which showed a significant improvement in event-free survival in certain patients with early-stage non-small cell lung cancer, and we look forward to potential approval later this year. In addition, we are working with our partner, Moderna to rapidly expand our efforts to study the combination of KEYTRUDA with an individualized neoantigen therapy, which we previously referred to as a personalized cancer vaccine therapy in adjuvant melanoma and potential additional tumor types. I'm very encouraged by the substantial progress we've made across our broad pipeline. We're now working on a greater number of late-stage programs across more therapeutic areas and modalities than at any time in recent years. In summary, we've begun 2023 with scientific, commercial and operational momentum and expect strong full year growth across both our Human and Animal Health businesses. I'm proud of the progress we've made, but as always recognize the need to move with speed and urgency to do even more. I want to thank our global team for their steadfast dedication as we build a sustainable innovation engine that will deliver value for patients and shareholders well into the next decade. With that, I'll turn the call over to Caroline.
Robert Davis: And Luisa, I might just add from a commercial perspective, the early stage launch and lung with KEYNOTE-091 is off to a good start. We're actually seeing good uptake. As you know, the challenge here is that the overall screening rates are lower. So it's going to be a slower climb than what we saw, for instance, or we have been seeing with triple-negative breast cancer. But as we sit here today, the launch is going well. And as we look forward, and hopefully, once we -- with the potential approval of KEYNOTE-671, we'll be the only company that has both adjuvant and neoadjuvant offerings as well as, obviously, a leadership position in the metastatic setting. So as we sit here today, we continue to see this as a meaningful opportunity and long term will continue to drive growth for us in long. But obviously, we've got to get that going to do that in the adjuvant setting. From a metastatic perspective, we're continuing to hold our leadership position.
Robert Davis: Yes. No, I appreciate the question. So obviously, in our view of this is really unchanged despite what you've seen us do both recently and to the fact you made -- point you made, we're seeing good progress in our internal pipeline. It starts with asking the question, where do we see the most compelling science that we think we can use to make a difference for an unmet need and it has a strategic fit and where we see value aligned. And that's where we move. As we sit here today, we continue to believe there are opportunities for us to continue to do business development. We are very, I would say, pleased with the progress of the internal pipeline. And as you look about the therapeutic areas where we have been adding, obviously, areas where you continue to see great science happening in oncology. There's a lot of science in oncology, immunology and we've seen in cardiovascular. So what's been driving us to the therapeutic areas has been the scientific opportunity we've seen. And as we think about early versus late, it really will depend on the confidence the scientific team has and the particular opportunity. So we don't target 1 versus the other. Although I will tell you, we continue to not believe that going after commercialized assets just for the sake of revenue is not our strategy. We're focused on building the pipeline, both near and long term, and we do deals across the full spectrum. We talk about the acquisitions in the Phase 2, Phase 3 area, but we don't talk a lot about the fact we're doing a lot of collaborations and other licensing deals in their early phase.  So we really look at the phase of development and always will be driven by the pipeline. If it brings with it a commercial opportunity, great, but it always will have to have a pipeline element for us to want to go there.
Robert Davis: Yes. So if you look at what the EU just put out, obviously, the high-level message is overall on balance, we are concerned that it continues to put innovation at a disadvantage in Europe and puts Europe at a competitive disadvantage as we think about where to invest our dollars and where to bring new products. Now that said, on balance, there were elements of what were proposed that actually we support. There are elements that we think need to be changed.  On the side of the support, clearly, the fact that they have made some efforts to simplify and modernize the regulatory framework, which has the potential to accelerate approvals. That was very much something the industry pushed for, and we feel good about. But as you point out, the area that balances that, that is very concerning is the fact that they have reduced the data exclusivity period and made it largely contingent upon you're launching in across the member states, whether or not you're doing comparative studies and whether or not you have launches. So we need to understand that. We're going to continue to try to make sure people understand the implications that can have as we think about where we would launch products, and that's work we will do. We have a couple of years probably before this is put in place. So we have time to do the negotiation. As I sit here today, I wouldn't say that I see specific implications to our business development strategy, it's more of just the general theme of what is a push against innovation that concerns us because Europe is an important market, getting access to our medicines to the people in the European Union is important. We want to be there. We just have to make sure it's sustainable from a business perspective.
Robert Davis: Yes. Just -- so if you look at the GSA contract, it's important to understand that the levels put in that contract are minimums. And in fact, we have shown and our history has been that actually we have supplied well over the minimum. So I wouldn't interpret that as the literal forecast of the business in China because there's opportunities with the expanded age cohorts as we continue to drive penetration in what is still a large unmet population, there is opportunities to do better than what's in that contract. And if history isn't indicative of the future, we would expect to see that move forward. So I would not interpret that as implying a decline in GARDASIL in China over the coming years.
Robert Davis: Yes. So I appreciate the question. As we look at the subcutaneous formulation and where that can be utilized, obviously, it's focused more where we have monotherapy as we look at earlier lines of therapy. So as we continue to advance our adjuvant and new adjuvant strategy across multiple tumor types and then where we are combining KEYTRUDA with small molecules. Based on what we see, as we look out, we would expect about half of what we have as KEYTRUDA would be addressable through the subcutaneous route based on that definition of those areas.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. Thank you. This is Dean. I probably want to just focus really on the Phase 3s that we're advancing in melanoma and likely in others. There is a basket trial that's going through to look at the extent of the tumors that a joint sort of KEYTRUDA plus a personalized or individualized new antigen therapy will work. I can just give you a general sense. We have a little bit of a roadmap as to where immune sensitive tumors are, and we would likely prioritize those in our basket trial.
Dr. Dean Li: I'll just answer by the competitive dynamics make us more enthusiastic to push our programs harder and faster. We will be providing data from the data that we have in a series of cancers at ASCO on June 5th. We'll have an investor, but it will also be in the ASCO, I believe, already accepted for presentation there as well. So we're very interested in that. And we're also very interested in the fact that -- as we know, the first evidence of anti-PD-1 with an antibody drug conjugates and our collaboration with Seagen has shown good effect, and we postulate that, that may be a broader impact, not just with one ADC or one indication, but more broadly, through multiple antibody drug conjugates and therefore, our interest in advancing not just the TROP2 ADC but many other ADCs that we haven't provided data as of this point.
Dr. Dean Li: Let me just grab the question about the early-stage lung. As we've talked, the earlier stages are really important. We've already seen it in triple-negative breast cancer. We've seen it in RCC. We've seen it in melanoma. And I think the aperture of being able to do it in the lung is going to be substantial. Again, for our KEYNOTE-671, which is the first perioperative trial to announce a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in EFS and statistically significant improvement in pathologic complete response. Those will be presented in June as well. I would also emphasize that event-free survival and overall survival are the primary endpoints of our study, and most competitors do not have OS as a primary endpoint I would also emphasize that this is also in the setting where we have perioperative, but we also have adjuvant as well. So we provide a broad treatment choice in relationship to moving forward in the earlier stage. In all earlier stage, whether it be lung, triple-negative, RCC, melanoma, I think it will be increasingly important to provide innovation that allows patients to have "more normal" ability to stay on these treatments long-term, there are different profiles than a metastatic patient. And so we believe that giving other routes of administration will be important. And we're advancing our subcu pembrolizumab, especially with higher round of base because that gives us an ability to do both a 3 weeks and importantly, also allows us to do a Q6 weeks because that frequency, I think, will be very important for patients.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. I would just focus on the pulmonary artery hypertension. I would kind of keep that a little bit distinct from other forms of lung disease, one is a primary vascular. The other one is, I could say, primary parenchyma. So I kind of separate diseases like IPF and interstitial lung disease from scleroderma as distinct from those like pulmonary arterial hypertension. You're right. We believe that sotatercept will be important. We are pushing forward with that sotatercept with STELLAR. We have ZENITH, HYPERION. There are interim analysis, but I don't actually want to sort of lay out, many of them are event-driven. The ZENITH, as you well know, is really in a more advanced situation in HYPERION is really trying to get it more in the front line. We also believe that it will potentially reshape how people think about the treatment of PAH largely people thought about vasodilation or dilation. I think this mechanism is active in signaling inhibitor with the mechanism that it has, which remodels, the tissue will reshape the field and in reshaping it, it will potentially reshape the dynamics of the vasodilatory pathways and that's why we're so excited with our inhaled SGC program, MK-5475 because we think that could be a very important combination agent with other vasodilatory mechanisms that are already approved as well as in combination with sotatercept.
Dr. Dean Li: Thank you very much for that question. First of all, I just want to emphasize that we're in active discussions with regulatory agencies in relationship to our program as we define the Phase 3 trial. So that will put out there. The second point I would just emphasize is there is an evolving view that I think the field is coming to grips with. It's not just that LDL is an excellent biomarker. It's not just that PCSK9 is an excellent pathway. It is the fact that our 0616 interdicts exactly in the same place as some of the antibodies how 1 interprets that and how it thinks about biomarker data in that setting, I think it will be an evolving discussion with the regulatory agencies. The second question that you point out is the historic in the previous. I think you're referring to the fact that there is a view that if those studies with the antibodies had gone out a little bit longer, that they would have had a more profound impact in terms of outcomes. Those are things that we are speaking to the regulatory agencies as they think about the difference between the biomarker and the outcomes trial. But I do -- I would echo your point of view, which is one doesn't want to go too short that one risks the full maximum impact that you can have on the label. But that, as you said, needs to be balanced with whatever the IRA looks like how many years from now. So those are the balances. But your observation about the other trials is 1 that we observed as well. And my general thinking is we should try to maximize the impact that we have on patients because whatever that label is, that label will stay forever.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. So let me just state that it's always something that we do and everyone else does, which is this cross-trial comparison between companies, but also within companies and their own agent. What I will say is that some of the issues that have been discussed was the pembrolizumab monotherapy arm performed comparably to KEYNOTE-054 in the high-risk subgroups, which is 3C and D. and those were also included in the KEYNOTE-942. And in general, the KEYNOTE-942 had more advanced disease than those in KEYNOTE-054. So there is a way for us to sort of probabilitized given the same stage. So we're very comfortable with the pembrolizumab monotherapy arm in the trial that Merck and Moderna proceeded with. I just want to just reemphasize that this to us is an important development scientifically. This is really the first time that I can recall seeing the impact of a personalized or individualized neoantigen therapy or a personalized cancer vaccine that has that profound of a readout in a Phase 2. So we're excited to advance that to Phase 3 for melanoma and to spool up other trials in Phase 3 as we look to see how far we can push this strategy.
Dr. Dean Li: So I would just emphasize that I think you're speaking about the Phase 2 trial. And those Phase 2 trials do provide us sort of views of how to think about the 5 Phase 3 trials that we have ongoing. I will just say that those 5 Phase 3 trials are going to be the thing that the FDA looks at. That's what they're going to look at and we're advancing those. And we're advancing them not just in metastatic situations. We have a series of them in lung. But I also just want to emphasize something that I've said previously. It relates to what people have said about KEYNOTE-671. It relates to the question about individualized neoantigen therapy, and it will relate here. When we think about IO strategies and especially IO plus IO strategies, increasingly, our eyes are turning into the earlier stages of diseases both because it's very important for patients. It's a time where we can really interdict early, but we also think that, that's an important place for us to relook on all of our assets that are IO-IO in that earlier stage.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. So I would just step back for just a moment. Our ability to go into earlier-stage cancers were just unlocked maybe a couple of years ago, right? And in order to do combinations, it's very important that your base molecule actually has an impact because that allows you to do contributions of components. So we're very comfortable moving our IO-IO strategies in earlier stages. We are doing it, as you said, both for pembro and TIGIT and as well as pembro plus the individualized neoantigen therapy. We're very confident that the desire of patients to be there is substantial. And our ability to recruit and do an important trial there is also important. I would also say that as you see more readouts of earlier-stage cancer for any of our assets, whether it be Lynparza, whether it be an ADC or whether it be KEYTRUDA, it will be likely that we will target multiple combinations in those spaces.
