Robert M. Davis: Thanks Adam, good morning everyone. As Ken and Adam stated, our results this quarter and for the first half of the year showed that we're executing the focused strategy we first outlined nearly two years ago. We are driving top line growth in core therapeutic areas and delivering our leveraged P&L. This morning I'll provide some additional detail on the quarter and comment on our outlook for the second half of the year. My remarks will focus on our non-GAAP financials. Total company revenues were $9.8 billion for the quarter, a decrease of 11% year-over-year while the underlying base business great 3%. This excludes a negative 7 percentage point impact from foreign exchange and a net negative 7 percentage point impact from acquisitions, divestitures and the now ended AstraZeneca JV. I should note that the impact from foreign exchange includes the benefit of approximately $190 million of revenue from our hedging program. Growth overall was primarily driven by all core focus areas of diabetes, hospital acute care, oncology and vaccines in our pharmaceutical business and by the 10% growth in our animal health business. Moving now to expenses, gross margin was 75.4% in the quarter an increase of 280 basis points year-over-year. Lower inventory write-offs and foreign exchange provided the primary benefit in the quarter. Total operating expenses were $463 million lower this quarter, primarily driven by marketing and administrative expenses which declined 15% versus prior year due to the favorable impact to foreign exchange, net favorability from acquisitions and divestitures and lower direct selling costs. Research and development expenses declined 2% as increased spending in the quarter was more than offset by foreign exchange. With our ongoing cost reductions we are on track to meet or exceed the $2.5 billion in savings versus 2012 by the end of this year. Finally our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 26%. The 180 basis point increase versus the prior year primarily reflects a discrete item recorded this quarter related to an adjustment for differed taxes associated with restructuring activities. Overall, we earned $0.86 per share in the second quarter delivering 1% growth despite meaningful headwinds from foreign exchange and the net negative impact of acquisitions, divestitures and the now ended AstraZeneca JV. Our commitment to expense management coupled with focused investments in key brands continues to produce results. Now turning to the outlook for the remainder of 2015. Accounting for our performance in the first half of the year we are updating our top line revenue guidance to a range of $38.6 billion to $39.8 billion. While we feel comfortable moving to a midpoint of $39.2 billion for the full year 2015 we feel the range is appropriate due to the potential impact of foreign exchange volatility. Moving into PGM we expect full year gross margin to be approximately 125 basis points higher versus 2014. We continue to expect an overall decrease in operating expenses as lower marketing and administrative expenses are partially offset by modest increase in research and development expense. Altogether we anticipate total operating expenses in the second half of 2015 to be approximately $200 million lower than in the prior year. Regarding our non-GAAP effective tax rate we now expect the full year effective tax rate will be between 23% and 24% as we account for the higher rate in the second quarter. Taking these changes into account and given our strong operational performance in the first half of 2015 we are now increasing our non-GAAP EPS range to $3.45 to $3.55. We are also updating the range for GAAP EPS guidance. As we've discussed over the past year we've been monitoring the situation in Venezuela. Based on is evolving economic conditions and volatility in the country our valuations have led us to take $750 million charge in the second quarter to revalue our net launch of the assets in the country. While we have taken this action we will work with the government to continue to get central medicines into the country and to ensure continued positive view as to our cash flows from our operations. We now expect GAAP EPS to be $1.52 to $1.71 for full year 2015 with the charge related to Venezuela partially offset by the anticipated gain on the previously announced sale of CGRP program which will be accounted for in the third quarter. Finally, touching briefly on capital allocation, we remained focused on our commitment to returning cash to shareholders and have over the last 12 months returned $11 billion via the dividend and share repurchase. Altogether we're encouraged by the growth in our business and the leverage we're delivering to our focus strategy. As we move forward we remain committed to transforming our operating model, achieving our cost reduction targets and ensuring we deliver a leveraged P&L. Now I'll turn the call over to Roger.
Robert M. Davis: Good morning Marc, this is Rob. With regards to your question on the impact of foreign currency and gross margin it accounted for about half of the increase your saw 2013 second quarter versus second quarter 2014.
Robert M. Davis: John, with regard to your question about repatriation, firstly I would say obviously we are very supportive of comprehensive tax reform and I think listening to the dialogue as it's evolving in Wall Street or in Washington, clearly it is something that I think is a possibility. As we look at it, it is important that it is comprehensive, that it does look at a territorial system, that it does consider flat tax and that does look at ways to advantage companies that develop intellectual property in the United States. So all of that is being discussed and we're very supportive of that. As far as the cash, we have offshore and what we would do if we did have a major repatriation, right now I don't want to get into specifics about a strategy. I would just go back to say our overall capital allocation philosophy remains the same. First and foremost we're going to fund the business and then beyond that we'll look to deploy capital towards the developmental opportunities, primarily focused in areas that help to augment our pipeline. I think you've heard some examples of that even this morning on the call from Roger and then clearly we remain committed to our dividend and we'll consider share repurchase. If you look at what we've done over the past, we have deployed meaningful capital back to shareholders and all of that would remain the same. So as we would see that all of that will form a new strategy we think of in using the cash.
Robert M. Davis: And Gregg with regards to your question about the tax rate, obviously and again the specific strategy has been safe to say that as we look forward we will continue to look for planning opportunities to bring the rate down and I do believe those opportunities continue to exist. So we are focused on understanding of what our tax rate can be and trying to optimize that position with or without repatriation.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes, good morning Dave. We forget the biosimilars. Right now we're not seeing a major impact in products outside of Remicade. So for example if you look at Simponi we continue to see good growth for Simponi and we haven’t seen any significant impact to Simponi based upon Remicade being biosimilar. At this point in time we are not seeing a major impact from substitution. As you mentioned there is the study that's being done in Scandinavia. We'll see by the results of that study and over time I believe that there will be additional impact from studies as such but I think it will take time Dave.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes so, Marc, this is Adam. Let me just start with the biosimilars. I'll give you some additional context, then I'll briefly talk about China. If you look at what's occurring in the marketplace, we've definitely seen an increased impact in our first full quarters since loss of exclusivity in the second wave in the core European markets. We've seeing mandatory price reductions based upon reference pricing impacts. And as we reported last quarter biosimilar discounts we've seen as high as 45%. However we still maintain about a 95% market share and we are facing mostly the reference pricing is the key issue as we speak right now. Over time we believe that as more new patients come into the market we will lose market share because we've been able to hold on to the vast majority. We've won most tenders for existing patients. So it really is the new patients coming in that over time will begin to lose. So taking all that together we expect that the impacts on loss of exclusivity on the Remicade business for this year will exceed the growth that we're seeing for Simponi. But I will mention as I said before we expect Simponi will continue to grow despite the increased utilization of Remicade biosimilars. If you look at China, we had 8% growth and we saw growth across our hospital acute care business and diversified brands. There is no doubt that we are seeing some macro trends of a slowdown, but I still believe there is significant opportunity there. We have good traction with multiple key products that we have, the products that you would think of, but we're also pursuing innovation and we are looking forward to having NRDL [ph] pricing approval for products like Januvia and Zetia in the future which I think could be growth drivers for us in that market. So despite the macro trends I do believe over time that China can remain an important market for us.
Adam H. Schechter: Tim, first of all with respect to the explicit language of the label, you know, I can't comment on what FDA ultimately will decide to do. Obviously the major claims in the study as I indicated relate to response rates in PD-L1 positive patients and that you know, fundamentally is what we'll be focused on, but at the same time as I've said before I don't think that the data that exists in the PD-L1 negative population can be ignored. The exact number of PD-L1 negative patients in the file, I think we'll have to get back to you on that, but you're right it's going to be somewhere close to 100 patients. So as I say it's a considerable number there and there are meaningful responses in that patient population which one would guess that will be reflected in one way or another.
Adam H. Schechter: And Jami, this is Adam, the only thing I would add is, I am sure you remember when we launched the SSSS trial also we launched the [indiscernible] trial in the cholesterol area, I wished we had an outcomes trial at the time of launch for either Zocor or Mevacor, I think would have made such a substantial difference. So I am very excited about the potential opportunity of launching a product with 30,000 patient outcomes trial into an area that we know extraordinarily well, which is the cholesterol lowering market.
Adam H. Schechter: And may be the only other thing to emphasize is if you look at the PD-L1 positive population, so in those individuals the proportion score is about 50%, the response rates are really quite extraordinary. So in treatment naïve patients the response rates were 50%. Those are really quite unprecedented response rates in non-small cell lung cancer. One would expect those to translate into survival data. We'll have a chance to see.
Adam H. Schechter: So Mark, let me give you some context on KEYTRUDA. So if you look at KEYTRUDA as you know we only promote the product on label. And if you look at the data we have about 85% of the use we believe is in melanoma. Of that 85% we believe about 70% of it is on label, which is with an improved indication. So that gives you a sense of where that is. With regard to the diagnostic testing, diagnostic testing is for two decisions, it's really become a standard and widespread in the treatment of cancer. So those are two ALK, EGFR. So we believe that physicians will do that as a standard practice and we expect that we'll have the availability of the test on the day that we launch lung. So we believe that it will be easy for them to do. They typically are doing it already and we'll make sure it is widely available.
Adam H. Schechter: I think they will do it as a first biopsy. I think they are going to just want to know it is part of standard of care or beginning as they move forward.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes, but I don’t want to answer that pretty much. Just to be clear, you have asked a question before, but the REVEAL study is powered to see the LDL cholesterol-lowering effect based on the nomogram that associates LDL cholesterol-lowering their productions in major cardiovascular events. So we would see that we believe. And with respect to the base studies prodromal enrolment is always challenging, there is no question and a part of the issue with respect to prodromal enrolment is that there are a lot of people out there who believe they have cognitive impairment, are concerned about their mental functioning. And when you actually image those people a small fraction of them have evidence of plaque and so the screened tell you rate is significant, nevertheless we're making good progress in that study.
Adam H. Schechter: So Tony, so we are very much focused on maximizing each and every launch opportunity that we have and when you look at the first hour we spent it is with the launch opportunities in Januvia frankly. And what we've been able to do is make sure that when we see growth we're able to put the money to exact growth. So even though you see SG&A declining overall, if you were to look at oncology or Januvia, you'd see SG&A increasing over the past several years. And if you look at oncology we're already there in Europe with demand and we have the sales force. We've increased that sales force and we're continuing to grow. So I just want to assure you that any time there is a growth opportunity we're making sure that we have the right resources to maximize those opportunities for patients, but also obviously to grow those products.
Adam H. Schechter: Hi Colin this is Adam. With regard to hepatitis C I still believe that that represents a very significant opportunity for Merck as well as the number of patients that will be treated. You've seen anywhere from 100,000 to 120,000 in patient's had maximum treated in the past. Now you're seeing even 170,000 to 200,000 which is still a significant increase from what was treated in the past even today. It is not uncommon to see warehousing before any drug comes to market. You saw that earlier move before compound came to marker and obviously as you have warehousing you get a big bolus of patients and then it slows down a little bit over time. But I don’t think there is fundamental issue in the overall hit the currency market. I still thinks it remains a very good attractive market and we are very excited about getting into that marketplace as soon as Roger and the team working with the rating agencies can get us in the market. With regard to TECOS obvious we were excited about the result. It is an important area for us diabetes with disproportionate investment area. I think that in general TECOS validated by physicians already were thinking in terms of the favorable tolerability profile of Januvia. With that said, in markets around the world we're able to promote it now. We've begun to promote it and I think that it has very good perception in the marketplace, in other markets like the United States, so we have to wait for it to be in the label before our representatives can actively promote the product. We're looking for it to start getting the data and a label so we can promote it in the future, but obviously are helpful.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes so thanks Gregg. First with regard to SGLT2, in general if you look at the utilization of SGLT2, they are typically after the use of Januvia. So typically it is metformin first add on Januvia and then it is after the add on Januvia. So that's the way they are currently being used. I don’t see a significant change although obviously we are not going to speculate on what the trial results could be for the SGLT2 drugs. So I still remain optimistic about our diabetes franchise. With regard to lipids I'm very excited about the potential opportunity to launch the CETP inhibitor. Lipids is an area that Merck has been involved in for many, many years starting with Mevacor and Zocor and this is an area we know very well. We continue to be there for other reasons with cardiovascular medicines and we'll just see what the results of new REVEAL trial.
Adam H. Schechter: So Vamil, with regard to improve it obviously we were very pleased with the result of the pivot trial. As you mentioned in the United States we cannot promote that trial until we have a label and we're looking for it to having a label as soon as possible. With regard to us having the marketplace, in the U.S. you've actually seen a flattening of ZETIA and since the announcement of improvement because I think a lot of physicians became aware of the trial through the New England Journal of medicine and reading about it very quickly. So what you haven’t seen is a stem in the decline of VYTORIN in the United States. Once it is in our label our representatives will actively be able to promote it. With that said, as you know in the U.S. the products will be going generic towards the end of next year. I think the greater impact from improvement is to try to help in the future when you start to think about a CETP inhibitor and the ability to get more patients to go and lower LDL cholesterol levels. Outside the U.S. in Europe we see where they are able to promote the product and it does have a positive impact, but at the same time we've lost the exclusivity of ZETIA in Canada which has had a significant impact and we've seen some changes in France in terms of the ability to have guidelines of when these products are utilized. Regarding Pneumovax we have seen increased competition from the ACIP recommendations that now include Prevnar and we've seen it in this quarter and we believe we'll see it in this year. However if you look at the ACIP Pneumovax is still recommended as a second dose after Prevnar. So we believe that over time we'll catch up again because the patients will get the second dose. So the question is how long will this short in term impact occur and when will patients come back to the second dose. And our teams have been working on how to find ways to tell the patients to come back for the second dose.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yes, the question was the fall conferences in the fall. Yes, I mean we're going to have a lot of data at AASO [ph] meeting and I expect that we'll have the opportunity to present some data with respect to our triplet therapy which will be quite interesting going forward. And in immuno-oncology there are a variety of oncology meetings at CPS [ph] more meetings are probably going to be the most interesting in Europe.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yes, Jami, with respect to anacetrapib, I think the really important issue is the benefit risk ratio. We have a very large as you know, study 30,000 patient study which will go on for quite a long time and we're capturing all the adverse experience data within that patient population. The benefit of reducing major cardiovascular events is significant. It's very meaningful. It can in fact it's certainly a morbidity benefit. It could in fact be a mortality benefit. That has to be then juxtaposed with the adverse experience profile. Because we have so many patients who have been treated for such long time, I think we'll have a very good sense of that and depending upon the magnitude of the benefit that we see the consequence we believe of LDL-cholesterol lowering also HDL raising or could a little lowering, all of those things together will have to be juxtaposed with what the adverse experience profile looks like. Once we have the data I think we'll have a better sense of that.
Roger M. Perlmutter: So John, with respect to the 010 study, which is a study that will provide a first look at an overall survival benefit for KEYTRUDA in the non-small cell lung cancer setting, this is a study that compares two doses of KEYTRUDA 2 mg, 10 mg versus conventional chemotherapy, it is a good-sized study and there is the opportunity for an interim analysis which of course is event driven. At the time when sufficient events are accrued then the data monitoring committee will look at that. In principle they could see a benefit that would result in recommendation to modify the study or they could continue the study which is designed to end sometime around the end-of-the-year. So that's those are the times when we potentially would see the overall survival benefit.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Irrespective of what the FDA says Mark, I think it is going to become standard practice that the doctors are going to want to know if they are expressive because it is going to have a very different discussion with the patient if they know that they are expressive or not. You can say your patient based upon your expression on the clinical trials you could have a greater than 50% response that's different than saying you'll have 10% response rate. So I think physicians are going to want that information data irrespective of what the FDA label or not and I also believe that payers are particularly outside the U S. are going to be very interested in having that work done.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Okay, lot of questions Seamus. First of all with respect to the KEYNOTE-010 study as you've said I mean there will be the final reasons which we expect some time towards the end of the year, but as I mentioned earlier we have a potential for an interim analysis which is event-driven. So I can't tell you when that interim analysis will take place, but that internal analysis could in principle result in a recommendation through the data, safety mild report that the study be changed or potentially even stopped I suppose depending on the strength of the data. So it could happen sooner than that. The information from that study could in principle then contribute to the initial finding based on the 001 after in particular cohort, but it depends again on at those analyses. With respect to REVEAL the baseline characteristics of patients we have - we will present those baseline characteristics. I don’t have the date exactly of when that would happen. And of course the study is being run by the Oxford Group. So they are the ones who are making decisions about publication of the REVEAL data, so we can get back to you on that. And of course we are well aware of potential association between CETP mutations and macular degeneration, one of the things that we've done is looked very carefully in our patient populations because we are aware of this, we did additional eye exams in our patient populations the data safety moderate report has been looking at that and thus fare we're not aware of any adverse effects, nothing has been called to our attention. Of course irrespective of the strength of the Genetic Association we have to keep in mind that what we are doing is interdicting CETP function quite late in life, individuals who have inherited generic can normally of course have it from the time of conception. So that could have a different impact, but thus far we're not aware of and we're looking at it closely and we're not aware of any impact.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yes, and just with respect Tony to the combination studies, of course we have a very broad set underway. Nothing really to update you on there except to say that with respect to the Gitter studies the studies began, the Gitter agonist began to in June of last year, we have to progress very slowly because of the fact that is an agonist antibody and some immune stimulator as opposed to something that relieves inhibition or is a disinhibitor like KEYTRUDA. Nevertheless we have processed and moving forward now Phase 1 studies and we have just begun combination studies with our Gitter antibody and KEYTRUDA, so that's moving right along.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Okay Chris, first of all with respect to combination therapy I believed absolutely that we will find over time that while KEYTRUDA is foundational for therapy for a wide set of malignant diseases that there will be ways to optimize that therapy still further. And I think it will be based on molecular characterization of tumors because we want to preserve the most favorable benefit risk profile. So that's one of the reasons why we have so many of these combination studies going on and we are exploring the full set of combinations. You know without going into detail the work which we've done and the work reported by colleagues at Johns Hopkins, really points to the importance of neo antigens in tumor recognition. So one expects the therapies that increase the representation of mutations within tumor that could be as simple as radiation therapy, it can be things that are chemotherapeutic agents that damage DNA. It can be ways of immunizing against tumor antigens. All of those things are things that we're pursuing. There are thousands of potential combinations one could pursue. We're trying to be smart about which one has the highest likelihood of success. So we're also looking at things that we've looked at tumor metabolism, all of those are quite interesting and data from those will become available in not too long a time. So I am expecting that we will move to that, but I again point out how remarkable it is when you look at the response rates to KEYTRUDA monotherapy particularly in selected patient populations they are very impressive. And second with regard to base the data that have been presented with respect to antibodies directed against a beta that's really quite a different mechanism from base inhibition and I go back to sort of bedrock data, there is very impressive genetic data that tells us that individuals who have relatively high activity of beta-secretase are at higher risk for developing dementia in their lives and they will develop it earlier as opposed to those who have lower levels of beta-secretase. And that strongly suggests the most powerful data that we have and it strongly suggests that we can phenocopy that low level of beta-secretase activity we should reduce the risk of dementia. Whether we can do that in an individual in their seventh decade is in fact exactly what we're testing using our base inhibitor in both mild-to-moderate and prodromal studies. I don't think that we can look at the data from an a beta sequestering an antibody directed against a beta and really interpret it in the same way because it's really unclear what those antibodies are doing. We know they cause an inflammatory response and are associated with an adverse effect exactly what they do in terms of delaying the progression if they do that all delaying the progress of either plaque or cognitive impairment. I think more time is needed.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay, thanks Jami, for the questions. First of all, as we've said before we are really focused on prioritization and as we look across our entire business we continue to challenge ourselves to determine whether specific assets including diversified brands would have more value outside Merck or as part of our business. You've seen us take action and divest certain assets I would say ophthalmology, MCC when we felt that we can do that in a way that is advantageous to the company long-term. So while we are cognizant of the issue that you just raised relative to top line growth we have to look at the difficulty associated with it and what are the vehicles that we could use to do that. So, I can just summarize it by saying that we will look at these mature assets and will focus on the impacts that they have on the cash flow as well as the impact they have growth and we'll try to make the right decision relative to the specific opportunities that we have. Thanks.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Yes, and John, let me provide some context and then I'll answer your question directly. You know, first of all I am sure you've seen the IMS data and the May IMS data just came out and KEYTRUDA has more than 80% anti-PD-1 share and in all melanoma patients. In addition to that KEYTRUDA is now the number one treatment in melanoma at a 35% overall patient share. So hopefully you've seen that we are able to do well in the marketplace. With regard to lung, we've built an oncology business unit to maximize KEYTRUDA over the long- term. Just as we were ready to launch melanoma we will be ready to launch in lung, we are ready for that. We think it's a very significant opportunity. Of course we prefer to have overall survival data to promote and as Roger said those data are we are maturing in a broad clinical program, but we have the capabilities now to be successful and I think physicians have seen the overall survival data in melanoma. They've begun to assume that you'll have overall survival data once you have the studies underway. So although we prefer to have it at the time of launch the good news is that as Roger said, we have the studies to show it overtime.
Kenneth C. Frazier: I am pleased that you characterized this as an arbitrage question. The fact of the matter is our animal health business grew very strongly this quarter. It continues to grow well. It continues to have a very good pipeline. And so we think about the issue that you put on the table as we did think about ways in which we can create value, but we also look at the business from a long-term perspective. And I would say that while we don’t take anything off the table we always consider changes in the marketplace. I want to come back to what I have always said. We plan to augment our animal health business with addition of BD. We continue to see this business as a key growth driver with healthy margins and a strong market outlook over the long-term. And actually the difference between potential PEs for the animal health business versus the human health business we want to continue to focus on running our business. We're going to continue to focus on what's in our control, which is running the business, getting our products approved, augmenting the pipeline, launching new drugs.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Thank you. Again thank you Joe for all you've done. This has been another solid quarter for us. Our four therapeutic areas grew 9%, animal health grew 10%, KEYTRUDA launch is progressing ahead of expectations. But the most important things is as we move into the future we're tremendously excited by the opportunities that we have in hep C with KEYTRUDA particularly with non-small cell lung cancer coming up and we'll continue to augment our pipeline as you saw this quarter we did BBDO, like cCAM, Ablynx, the chance to augment our pipeline is there. We are very excited about the transition to the future that's going on inside Merck. So thank you very much for your continuing interest.
