Ken Frazier: Thank you, Rob. We are also excited to have you here. In closing, our strategy of focusing on our best opportunities while being disciplined about managing our costs continues to deliver bottom line performance. Our robust pipeline contains many promising candidates representing a suite of near and long-term opportunities that will continue to drive growth and shareholder value. I look forward to seeing all of you at our upcoming investor briefing where we will share more about how we are sharpening our commercial and R&D focus bolstering our innovative pipeline and preparing to launch and commercialize on many long-term opportunities. And with that I would like to turn the call the call over to Adam.
Ken Frazier: Thanks Mark for the questions. Let me take a crack at the third question. So, our strategy is to remain true to who we are, a research intensive biopharmaceutical company that seeks to make a long-term difference through cutting edge size science. I prefer therefore to driving long term shareholder value through innovation rather than consolidation. And we believe Merck is at its best when it’s inventing new treatment such as anti-PD1. Therefore we will remain focused on those opportunities that are right before us in advancing our pipeline. We also announced a new global initiative last October as you know to sharpen our commercial and R&D focus and we are making critical choices about the areas where we look complete new investments that are required. In doing so we are also reducing our cost base by 2.5 billion and this is on top of the $3.5 billion worth of synergies for the merger. As you heard this morning the initiative is already showing progress and we are divesting assets and making structural changes to increase our operating leverage. And we are also exploring strategic options for consumer and animal health. So while we continuously evaluate external opportunities our preference is to enhance our pipeline and commercial business with smaller bolt-on acquisition versus large mergers for consolidation purposes. On the other hand of course we carefully monitor and evaluate what is happening in the industry and we’ll continue to be objective and comprehensive in our assessments. But to be clear our strategy is one of innovation.
Ken Frazier: Thanks Chris I will take your first question. So as you know it’s pretty well established and we’ve said that we are going to evaluate our consumer care business and our animal health business. We’ve also been clear that we might reach very different conclusions about the two businesses. So with respect to your fundamental question that you asked. I don’t think we are positioned to comment on hypotheticals at this point. In general, our frame work for the utilization of [hatch] has not changed. First, we will allocate resources to those areas that we feel presents the highest potential growth opportunities, for example our anti PD1 program which we intend to be studying for multiple tumor types overtime. Second, we will execute on compelling business development opportunities to strengthen our pipeline and that can create value. Third, we plan to return a high level of free cash flow to shareholders through both the dividend and the stock buyback and just note that we have returned over $12 billion in cash to shareholders over the past 12 months.
Ken Frazier: Well, thanks Jami for the questions. Let me just go back to what we have said back in October, which is that we intended to sharpen our commercial and R&D focus as we move forward. You have seen some of the things that we have already done and I think we will continue to look for those opportunities to focus in those areas where we know that we can compete and make investments, where we know we can bring forward innovation PD1 and where we think we can run in the marketplace. So we’ll continue to do that. There are going to be opportunities. And at the same time, on the other side of the ledger we are also looking to M&A to enhance our pipeline through the right types of value creating opportunity that maybe out in the marketplace.
Ken Frazier: Well thanks for your questions John. You know I just have to repeat what I’ve said before for us the major consolidation of the industry type has actually is not our preferred strategy. The best way for us to create sustainable value is through innovation and that’s why we are focused on value added bolt-on opportunities as a priority for us. With respect to the policy implications of inversions and business implications I think we’ll just all have to wait and see how that plays out. And I don’t have any particular comments on the strategies of the companies or what the government’s reactions might be. So I think that’s it from me.
Ken Frazier: Great thank you Peter. And Steve with respect to Remicade we do have the full dataset in house. And so we are in the process of now looking through that, cleaning up that dataset and evaluating it with – assuming things go well, I hope we will be in a position where we can say something at the business review about it because we have the data set and that’s what we are trying to do and then we’ll be able to give a full discussion of what our plans are with respect to that molecule book. We need to make our decisions here first.
Ken Frazier: Let me just summarize very quickly. So in the first quarter we ended up more or less where we expected to be and we are on track for the full year. We saw a solid growth from Januvia immunology vaccines and Isentress and we are also seeing strong progress on our initiative to sharpen the focus on our commercial and R&D expenditures including evaluating what assets are core to our strategy. So more exciting thing for us as we look to the future we see steady and substantial progress in the pipeline. And so we are looking forward to meeting all of you at the business briefing on May 6th so that we can talk about our future in more detail. Thank you very much and we look forward to seeing you.
Adam Schechter: Thank you. Ken. Good morning everyone. This morning I will provide you with an overview of first quarter Global Human Health results. My comments will be on a constant currency basis. As we anticipated, immunology, diabetes and vaccines continue to be areas of growth. Sales growth in these areas were offset by few things, the continued impact from loss of exclusivity of several brands, product divestitures that we previously announced and the biannual price declines in Japan. We continued to take action to focus our resources on areas that provide the greatest potential for long-term growth. Those include our top markets, our core therapeutic areas and our launch opportunities. We are making critical choices and we are prioritizing our resources and you can see these efforts reflected in our reduced expenses. Let me provide more details on the performance of our core products and core markets and I will start with the Januvia franchise. The franchise has sales of $1.3 billion and 5% growth in the first quarter. In United States, sales increased by 4%. Our international market sales, which now represent about 50% of our total sales grew 6%. We drove double-digit growth in Europe and the emerging markets but we also saw the impact of customers reducing their inventory levels in Japan ahead of the April 1st price reductions. Globally, the diabetes market is significant and the macro trends support our growing markets. We will continue to focus resources around the world to ensure continued leadership in the branded global diabetes market. Moving to Isentress, we had another good quarter with Isentress with 8% global growth, that’s despite new competition. Turning to immunology, the combined immunology business consisting of REMICADE and SIMPONI grew 13% in the quarter. Sales of SIMPONI alone grew over 40%. SIMPONI is the fastest growing immunology biologic in the market where it’s available. Sales of REMICADE grew 7% and that’s despite biosimilar entry in some of the smaller EU markets. As an important reminder we maintained patent protection for REMICADE in markets that represent 80% of our sales until early 2015. Lastly, moving to our vaccines business. In the first quarter, vaccines sales grew 4%. Demand for vaccines portfolio remained strong and there are many global growth opportunities. Gardasil sales increased by 2% in the quarter, 10% sales growth in the U.S. and strong sales in the emerging markets were offset by the loss of sales in Japan. Looking now at Zostavax, Zostavax sales were $142 million this quarter. As expected, sales in United States declined sequentially due to seasonality. As you may recall last year, we saw benefit to sales from flu season extending into the first quarter. This year, the flu season did not extend into the first quarter. In addition we are continuing to educate customers on the broad managed care coverage for Zostavax and the process for getting reimbursement. Internationally, we’ve launched Zostavax in select Asian markets and the UK and we are seeing good uptick in those markets. Now I would like to briefly touch on our performance at regional level beginning with the United States. In the U.S. growth in our core areas of diabetes and vaccines was offset by the [inaudible] loss of exclusivity, revised cholesterol guidelines and the changes in in the HCV market. In Europe, we drove strong growth in immunology in diabetes and with Isentress. We also saw generic entry for Nesonex and pricing pressure continues throughout the region, Japan sales – and Gardasil. Sales in emerging markets grew 3%, strong growth in key emerging markets like Brazil, Turkey and Korea was partially offset by declines in this quarter. The timing of tenders affected our performance this quarter as well. Looking ahead this year, we continue to expect that the emerging markets will be strong growth drivers for us. In summary in the first quarter, Global Human Health drove growth of key franchise including diabetes, immunology and vaccines. As we anticipated there were headwinds including loss of exclusivities, divestures and buying patterns in anticipation of the biannual price declines in Japan. We continue to prioritize our investment. We’re sharpening our focus on the best opportunities for long-term growth which includes our core products, our core markets and launches. We have multiple near-term launch opportunities and I look forward to discussing these with you next week at our investor briefing. Now I would like to turn the call over to colleague Peter Kellogg.
Adam Schechter: No, Chris let me say that we are taking a hard look and we know this market pretty well. We think it’s a very large opportunity that’s been a play out over many years. It’s not going to play out in just one or two years and it’s going to play out over years across the globe. There are some drugs obviously that are ahead of us but we are not thinking that as a winner take all scenario in just a couple of years. So there is going to be plenty of opportunities for promising drugs in our pipeline as we move forward we will be talking a bit more about that next week.
Adam Schechter: So, Tim let me start with the JANUVIA performance and ex-ForEx we had 5% growth. And if you look at the U.S. we had 4% growth. We had a couple of points that came through on price and we had some increase in the inventory as well that was partially offset by a small decline in TRX volume. If you look at TRX volume in the U.S. we have seen this month better than the last month and last month better than the prior three months. So we have certainly seen a stabilization of the TRX volume when you look it year-over-year and now we are looking to see if we can actually turn it around. If you look at new to brand share we are actually doing better and if you look at new to brand volume we have actually seen an increase in the month of March which is the first time we have seen an increase in the new to brand volume in a very long time. So it’s still early yet but we feel we have certainly stabilized the U.S. now we are looking to see if we can actually grow TRXs again. If you look outside the U.S. we had very good growth in the emerging markets and in Europe. If you look where we saw some softness it was in Japan and the reason why is because wholesalers stopped purchasing or reduced purchases prior to the re-pricing that took place and we have seen the wholesalers began to purchase again after that re-pricing occurred in March they are beginning to repurchase again in April. Overall, the diabetes market continues to show reason for strong growth. If you look at the epidemiologic incidents, if you look at governments around the world and the importance that diabetes plays in the overall healthcare expenditure the markets certainly shows why it should grow. And we continue to invest strongly in the marketplace to now with the success outside the U.S. to do everything that we can to increase the success in the U.S.
Adam Schechter: And Mark to answer your question regarding GRASTEK and RAGWITEK our launch strategy is really focusing on introducing those two products to specialist audience of allergists and – doctors. We are trying to do that where we get access quickly with the payers and we have some education and market development work that we have to do. I think that we missed the grass season this year so we’ll have to try to do a lot of work to get ready for the grass season next year. But as you look at the overall market there is about 25 million people that have severe allergy, moderate allergies in the United States and only about 3 million people get immuno-therapy shots today. But if you look at that there’s still we estimate about 3 million people that refuse shots all together. So the 3 million that refuse shots are definitely a target for us. But of the 3 million that get shot it’s estimated about 50% of those stop getting their shots after one year. So that will be another target audience for us as we move forward. So every launch is important to us. I am actually heading up to a launch meeting this week and we are looking forward to doing a lot of market development work as we go through this year to prepare for next.
Roger Perlmutter: Yeah Mark. With respect to non-small cell lung cancer we have a quite a lot of studies going on as you know with nearly 1,500 patients under study. We have the opportunity to go through all of that and to describe our registration strategy next week and I think that’s probably the right way to approach this. Suffice it to say that we look for every opportunity that we can to bring the benefits of MK3475 to patients who need this drug and where we see substantial evidence of efficacy we are going to pursue the most accelerated kind of registration program that we can imagine we think it’s that important.
Roger Perlmutter: So with respect to the HCV combo Chris just as you have the opportunity of course to see the data that we presented at the European Meetings. 5172-8742 has very desirable properties as a fixed dose combination and in particular we showed really quite impressive sustainable logic responses in patients with – who are quite difficult to treat, those who have Cirrhosis, who are co-infected with HIV and the other thing to note about the combination of course is that that the drugs are – can be used in patients with substantial comordities which is really quite important it’s something that I mentioned before. So as a single agent in those settings I think there is quite a lot of differentiation and obviously we are looking at every possible means of accelerating the process of completing the registration enabling trials and the registration of these drugs for we have breakthrough designation. And with respect to the market share I guess I’ll speak for Adam.
Roger Perlmutter: Yeah, Tim. With respect to the Chikos trial you know we continue on track with that trial for [14,000] patient study but I need to point out of course that it is eventually a trial and so those events ultimately drive timing. We are not seeing anything that suggests to us that there will be an acceleration in terms of the read out of that trial earlier this year. So it continuous on track. And then with respect to any signals that one might see in that trial you know there has been an interest in the question of the specific finding of heart failure hospitalization based on other studies understandably, we have looked at it both in terms of our Pharmacovigilance activity as well as the data safety, monitoring board has looked at it with respect to the chikos trial because these adjudicated events. At their most recent meeting which was at the end of year just a few months ago they reported no reason not to continue this study as planned and we have seen no evidence of a signal on our Pharmacovigilance study so we are not seeing anything there. We will wait to see the final data we are hopeful that the trial will complete at the end of the year.
Roger Perlmutter: Okay John again as I said before in response to Mark Schoenebaum, that we are eager to bring the benefits of MK-3475 to patients wherever we can demonstrate them. We have breakthrough designation in the Melanoma setting, based on the data that we obtained in patients who had advanced small number of refractory to other therapies. That’s not a broad breakthrough designation for any cancer. And nevertheless opportunity exists always to pursue an accelerated approval where the results are favorable, where you have patients who are refractory to other treatments have no other options and where you can bring something of real benefit, meaningful benefit rapidly to the market place. So we’ll continue to look at that. We’ll have the opportunity and talk about the totality of our program next week at the business review and we’ll touch on a lot of these issues that you raised particularly with respect to squamous carcinomas, head and neck and homological exigencies.
Roger Perlmutter: Okay. Let me try and get out these here. First of all with respect to HCV treatment you know I think we are always, we and the entire community are always looking for more rapidly affected regiments that can in these patient populations and of course there are a lot of patients infected with hepatitis C virus. You know a sustained biologic response that can be achieved rapidly is a good thing, we and the entire community have moved that back substantially from where we were previously and we have the expectation that we are going to be able to continue to drive that process using our drugs and we’ll have a chance to talk about the additional molecules that we have in the HCV space as the business review next week. So I think that will be a good time to get into that. You asked about the Agenus transactions which we announced earlier this week. We’ve been talking for some time now or quite a lot time with 4-Antibody which is a Swiss company that Agenus acquired in February. So the transaction really was one that we spent a long time talking with 4-Antibody about. They have a technique that enables them to generate human antibodies of high affinity against a variety of different targets and we have worked with them to look at that technology and to see if we could apply it to some of the more difficult targets in the immuno-oncology space. This goes back a while that we’ve been doing this. And so we were prepared to go forward with them to try and explore whether or not those antibodies could actually be used for, they of course were acquired by Agenus and that led to the transaction that was announced but no other special details I think to be concerned about there. And then with respect can some one swoop in and take the data, I guess is the question from our ongoing collaborations with respect to combination parts. Really I don’t think so. I mean these data will give us the opportunity to ultimately see which kinds of combination can be most effective with MK3475. And we hope if there are some very effective ones to commercialize MK3475 in combinations in those indications. So no special things were written in that would have an impact on that.
Peter Kellogg: Mark, this is Peter thanks for your comments. And so relative to the asset sales and the sale of the commercial right for Saphris, yes we did as you recall last fall we announced our strategy of focusing on growth opportunities whether it be by franchise or geography and we also at that time announced that we will be taking some of our lower prioritized areas and potentially divesting them let’s say we are better off in someone else’s hands. I mean as we put together guidance for this year we are well aware of all these transactions and we incorporated that into our guidance. And so on the one hand we are getting some benefits from the sale of the U.S Saphris rights in the other revenue line and the gain from sales of Serna in the other income expense. The flip is of course we are giving up the revenue of some of these assets that we are divesting. So just as an example for Q1 the loss of revenue on divested assets was about a $120 million and on a full year basis this year which is incorporated in our guidance the total is about $600 million based on 2013 sales. So as you implement this sort of focus portfolio strategy you are going to end up little bit of period where you are getting some reductions in revenue and the other hand you gain the impacts of the transactions in the P&L.
Peter Kellogg: Yeah, thanks Jami. This is Peter. See you are right. In the guidance range we gave for this year obviously we had a lot of factors incorporated. We recognized that we will be doing a certain matter of investment to launch into the pipeline. We understood that the AstraZeneca joint venture would go away and that was included in our calculation. We did know about the divestitures that we have announced so far, that was also put in there as well as the loss of exclusivity for certain products. The bottom end of the range though is defined actually by our trying to estimate what might happen with Venezuelan bolivar. So quite frankly you can think of the high end of the range as sort of our performance ex that impact and the low end of the range is just trying to make some estimate as to what might be the case. You know you recall the last year that devaluation took place in the first quarter and it was about $0.07 per share impact on us and we have tried to make some estimate. It’s very hard to estimate what that is. So that’s why we have left the range fairly wide. And as we see what happens in Venezuela we’ll make – we’ll adjust, we’ll how kind of what that means to our P&L and if necessary or appropriate we will adjust our EPS range accordingly.
Peter Kellogg: Thanks Steve, for the question. Steve, everything you said is correct relative to second half still remains at the higher EPS quarter. Really what happened in the first quarter was that our expenses came in even more favorably than we anticipated. I think everything else was pretty much in line with our plans and our thinking. Some of those are true efficiencies that will help us and some of them will be things that is timing related that will show up in the second half of the year. Very specifically to your second question which is Q2, we didn’t actually provide any specific update on that, so I am going to hesitate to do it right now. But in general I think you can kind of see that the operating expense benefit allowed Q1 to look a little better and so I think we are very much on track to be in the range for the full year. So we haven’t given specific guidance for Q2.
Peter Kellogg: So let me take your OpEx question first Mark thanks. So there is lot of moving parts obviously in the operations of companies the size of Merck. Let me take first R&D I think R&D in general Rogers’ managing quite a broad portfolio. I think there is probably more timing related. That said he’s still targeting to be below prior year overall but he is got a lot of – so there is – I won’t speak up for Roger but a lot of things gearing up in the focus areas both in oncology as well as hepatitis, there is lot of clinical work going on. In SG&A I think we have made a lot of effort that we announced last fall to take to kind of retune our cost structure and take headcount out as well as take some operating expenses out that’s a very global effort. I think that we made a big effort to try to move ahead of schedule if you will, we went through this year. So I think so that’s very broad based in SG&A. That said as we go through this year we do anticipate we already know we’ve got a couple of launches we anticipate perhaps more and so we are recognizing we have to make the investments to really launch these products extremely well. So I would think in terms of overall efficiency in SG&A and then some very focused efforts to drive growth opportunities as we go through the second half of the year.
