Rob Davis: Thanks, Peter. Good morning and thank you for joining today’s call. 2022 was an exceptional year for Merck. Our science-led strategy is working and I couldn’t be more proud of what our team has delivered scientifically, commercially and operationally. We are focusing on what matters and keeping the patient at the center of everything we do. We made significant progress in 2022 advancing our broad pipeline, with important internal success complemented by a portfolio of strategic acquisitions, collaborations and partnerships. We have moved with speed and urgency to drive strong progress and we have provided increased transparency into several of our long-term opportunities, including for GARDASIL, for our cardiovascular pipeline, and more recently, from newer assets that leverage our leadership position in Oncology. We enter 2023 with even greater confidence that we are creating a sustainable engine that will bring forth innovation and generate value for both patients and shareholders over the long-term. Turning first to our results. The business is performing extremely well. The growth we have experienced in 2022 reflects a sustained track record of fundamental strength from our de-risked key growth pillars. We begin the year with confidence that we will maintain this strong underlying growth, after taking into account the significant impact LAGEVRIO had during the height of the pandemic last year and are pleased to reflect this in our 2023 initial guidance. Importantly, our pipeline is advancing with significant progress across several late-stage programs. In Oncology, we have expansive research efforts, including our ambition to move treatment into earlier stage settings where there is higher potential for more favorable longer term outcomes for patients. In December, along with our partner Moderna, we were pleased to announce highly encouraging Phase 2 results for a personalized mRNA therapeutic cancer vaccine in combination with KEYTRUDA in the treatment of adjuvant melanoma. We are excited by the potential that this combination may have for patients across a range of tumor types. And last week, we were pleased to receive FDA approval for KEYTRUDA for the treatment of certain patients with early stage non-small cell lung cancer following resection and platinum-based chemotherapy, which Caroline and Dean will speak to. In Cardiovascular, we are exploring candidates across a broad range of diseases and have made substantial progress from just one year ago. At the American College of Cardiology conference, we will present data from the STELLAR trial evaluating sotatercept in pulmonary arterial hypertension and from the Phase 2 trial of MK-0616, our oral PCSK9 inhibitor and we will also host an investor event to discuss these programs. In Vaccines, Instituto Butantan in Brazil, with whom we are collaborating for vaccine development, reported very encouraging topline results for their candidate for the prevention of dengue. These data will inform future development of our dengue vaccine, V181, and our efforts to address this critical public health challenge. Finally, through our business development efforts, we brought in four programs which will have phase three trial starts in 2023 and which have the opportunity to contribute meaningful growth during the latter half of this decade and into the next. We are following our disciplined approach to business development and we will act when scientific opportunity and value align. We have more to do, but I feel very good about the progress we made in 2022 and we believe that all of these efforts will lead to real benefits for patients and in turn for shareholders. We enter 2023 with confidence in the innovation engine we are building and our ability to deliver sustainable value for patients well into the next decade. We will continue to execute on our de-risked assets and act with urgency to advance and grow our pipeline. We are doing all of this with an approach to sustainability that is closely aligned to our overall business strategy. I am very confident in the short- and long-term outlook of our company, and I look forward to providing future updates.  With that, I will turn the call over to Caroline.
Rob Davis: No. I appreciate the question, Geoff. I think Dean covered it well. This is a very important part of our overall strategy as we think about moving into earlier lines of therapy and then to drive convenience and access for patients, which is very important. So it’s meaningful and it’s something we are going to pursue as fast as we can. Thanks, Geoff. Next question please, Kelly.
Rob Davis: Thank you, Steve, and thank you everybody for your thoughtful questions. Please follow-up with me and the IR team if you have anything additional and we look forward to staying in touch. Take care.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. So I believe you are speaking about KEYNOTE-091. So I just want to take a broad view and then today view and the tomorrow view. So I would just count that the American Cancer Society in 2023, it’s really remarkable. They suggest that for between 1991 and 2023, there’s a massive reduction in lung cancer of 58%, 36% and KEYTRUDA has been critical in that story and now we are moving to early lung. The label is broad. It is regardless of PD-L1 and it reflects the clinical trial, where we demonstrated a 27% reduction. We are pushing into these earlier lines with other trials. But I think for what we need to set for is two things. We need to make it much more easier with scientific innovation other means to get subcu, I mean, to get KEYTRUDA and that’s why we are very eager to push our subcu pembrolizumab with [inaudible] to face through this year. But we also need to do a lot to improve adherence to established guidelines, which currently only have 6% or so of individuals actually who should be screened in the United States. So, I think, with that, we have work to do in relationship to really taking this important advance and making it broadly available through to individuals who should be getting screened.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. So there was a question on our TIGIT program, KEYTRUDA plus TIGIT. Just to remind everyone, we have nine ongoing trials. We have five Phase 3s. In fact, just recently, we opened up KEYVIBE-10, which is Phase 3 in early melanoma. In relationship to KEYVIBE-003, which I think is the question, we added the TPS greater than 50% as an endpoint. These are event driven, and as the events drive to statistically and clinically meaningful data, we will announce it appropriately.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. So let me just state, I -- we will be starting a whole series of Phase 3 trials this year. I really appreciate your question. For me, the critical thing is, whether it be an ADC or whether it be a RAS inhibitor in solid tumors, especially as you want to advance them in solid tumors where IO has been important, the combination benefit of the two becomes really important. So we are very excited to be pushing forward our TROP2 ADC. I can get into the details of the molecules and the linkers and the payloads and the darts. But really, the better sort of thing is, I believe that this year, we will be presenting our Phase 2 studies, and at the end of the day, that will be the most convincing data to provide to you as to why we think we have been important play with our TROP2 ADC, but it’s also the play of that TROP2 ADC in relationship to adding it to an IO agent. We think that is an important considerations when thinking about any cancer killing mechanism in solid tumors.
Dr. Dean Li: Thank you very much. So, first, I don’t want to get ahead too much of our March 6 Investor meeting where we are least showing the data that we have in relationship to the oral PCSK9 and sotatercept. I will just sort of emphasize what we are trying to accomplish and what we are trying to accomplish is we are trying to accomplish the most potent LDL lowering oral pill for lowering cholesterol. There should be no co-chain, there should be very little need to interact with the healthcare system, which makes it reach very easy and very accessible, not just in the U.S. but globally. And we need to do it at a price point of what I would call a branded oral medicine would be not in order to maximize the access. In relationship with Phase 3, there’s a general set sort of view of how that is. One is you would drive it, because LDL lowering is such a clean biomarker. So that’s something. But one would also have that, at the same time, drive towards outcomes, which is also going to be important. So our Phase 3 trial design is informed by the history of the field has been and what the FDA’s regulatory sort of outline have been for others.
Dr. Dean Li: Thank you very much. So you are speaking about the wonderful partnership that we have with Moderna in the personalized cancer vaccine. I just want to preface everything. What we have released is topline data in melanoma. That data will be presented sometime in the near-term where we present the data that we have for melanoma and we have work to do to move that into Phase 3. So I -- we have a lot of work to do just in melanoma. I am not going to speak ahead of a human data we have outside of that. But I would say two things that are really important. One is one can watch which of the tumors have sensitivity to an immune approach and one can watch about the clinical development with KEYTRUDA to sort of map out where you would think about doing that. The second issue that I would emphasize is that, when we are talking about an IO-IO strategy, which often people speak about, I view this personalized neoantigen therapy as an IO-IO strategy with KEYTRUDA. And the reason I want to emphasize that is, there is a view that we are beginning to develop that IO-IO strategies may be especially useful in early cancer stages and you see that in our interest in our combination projects related to checkpoint inhibitors, but also in relationship to personalized neoantigen therapy. And so we think that, that’s around that we are going to advance and the critical component for us to be able to advance that is to advance KEYTRUDA as a monotherapy in indications, because it creates us to actually do these clinical trials.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. Thank you very much. I will just emphasize that as a general rule the way that I have begun to develop my view of IO-IO strategies, is that IO-IO strategies are very important to pursue. I think that IO-IO strategies plus other therapies that kill cancers may be especially important in the metastatic, but IO-IO strategies in the early stage could be quite impactful. And so, as I have just said, we have advanced our IO-IO strategy. We have advanced it with TIGIT CTLA-4 and LAG-3, so another component part. But I would just say this, I don’t know that there’s one single addition to KEYTRUDA that will have the breadth of KEYTRUDA. So we have been a little bit selective there and I think the movement of IO-IO, not just in the metastatic space, but especially in the early space will become important. And the ability to do that requires your first IO of that IO-IO to be approved in the early space and that is why we are so excited about moving into earlier spaces with KEYTRUDA, because that allows us to execute in an IO-IO strategy in early-stage cancers.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. So, again, March 6th, clinical trial data for sotatercept will be more fully discussed. I think it will be very impactful data and I have no indication at this point that we will need a readout from any other trial from a clinical standpoint to support our filing to the FDA for 10%.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. Well, thank you for that question. In relationship to TIGIT, I mean, we are very confident on our molecule. As I have said, we have nine ongoing five Phase 3 trials. Pushing the boundaries of what pembro can do or PD-1 can do with another IO agent has been something that’s very important for the field. And the way that I can simply answer your question about the confidence the molecule is, we just opened an additional KEYVIBE study, a Phase 3 study in the earlier stages of cancer for this IO-IO combination.
Dr. Dean Li: Yeah. So I would just want to elevate the question a little bit. The focus of what we are trying to do is we are trying to drive the concept of inhibition of checkpoint inhibitors can really have a profound effect throughout cancers in all stages in all tumor types. We talk about expand into different tissue types and stages, deepen in combination and extend with routes of delivery, roots of indentation and frequent safety and these innovations are critically important to make sure that this life saving sort of treatment is available. And we are confident in those innovations providing benefit to patients and we have filed where appropriate intellectual property for it -- for that.
Dr. Dean Li: We will be talking about the detailed data from the PCSK9. We believe that it’s very clean. But I will just step back as a cardiologist who trained in the late 1980s and 1990s, the ability to have an oral drug that lowered LDL cholesterol was impactful for the world. Yes, every oral drug, regardless of what therapy it is, has a compliance, so it’s very important to maintain clients. What we are trying to do is to create the most potent LDL cholesterol lowering pill ever made that does not require constant interactions with a healthcare system, we think that, that axis is actually one that’s very important, not just in the U.S., but also globally. And this is personally speaking, as someone who practices early, as of late, as recently as five years ago. If I had an oral PCSK9 LDL lowering pill back then, I would be prescribing it with the other three to four oral pills that I am prescribing an individual.
