Alex Kelly: Thanks, Brooke, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Merck's 2011 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Before I turn the call over to Ken Frazier, I want to mention a few housekeeping items. First, there are a number of items in the GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs and certain other items. We have excluded those items from our non-GAAP results, and you can see our reconciliation tables in the press release and also in Table 2 that accompanies the press release. That will help you get a better understanding of the underlying performance. Next, we've also provided tables to help you understand the sales of our key products around the world. There are 3 tables in the press release. Table 1 is the GAAP results. Table 2 reconciles GAAP, P&L items to non-GAAP. And the third table provides the summary of our product sales. During the call we will be referring primarily to Tables 2 and Table 3. Finally, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements are based upon the current beliefs of management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. And I invite you to refer to our SEC filings including our 10-K, especially Item 1A which identifies certain risk factors and other cautionary statements which could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements we make today. You can see our SEC filings as well as our press release and other tables on our website, which is merck.com. This morning I'm joined by Ken Frazier, our President and Chief Operating Officer and Chairman of our board; Adam Schechter, our President of Global Human Health; and Peter Kellogg, our Chief Financial Officer. Now I'd like to introduce Ken Frazier.
Alex Kelly: Thanks, Peter. Now we'd like to take the time to answer your questions. [Operator Instructions] So with that, Brook, we're ready to begin the Q&A.
Alex Kelly: And Tim, on the IMPROVE-IT trial, you're right, we do have the 75% interim look as planned for later this quarter. Obviously, the full -- if the trial goes to completion, that's more like a 2013 completion period. And if there are any changes in the trial as a result of the interim look, we'd communicate that pretty promptly. If there are no changes, we'll probably try to find the right communication vehicle for that information as well. So with that, we'll take the next question.
Alex Kelly: And in terms of anacetrapib, that trial started enrolling patients in May 2011. And remember it's a 30,000-patient trial and we're right on track with our enrollment right now. So with that, Ken, I don't know if you had any closing remarks.
Peter N. Kellogg: Tony, so as you know we haven't given guidance on PGM, but I think the one thing I would say is that in general, PGM follows our revenue performance with obviously adjusting for product mix and manufacturing productivity and so forth. So I think that I don't think there's any big story. However, I would say -- I would highlight that, as you know, SINGULAIR goes off patent in the -- over the summer and so as you go from there on, that will be a slight shift in mix clearly as SINGULAIR becomes a much smaller part of our mix, and that's a good PGM product. But in general, we haven't given guidance, so I can't give you the details on that.
Peter N. Kellogg: Sure. So on AZLP, the joint venture, I don't really give the detailed P&L for AZLP, the relationship. But obviously, there's 2 parts. There's revenue and there's equity income. And really you could think of the equity income as going straight down, that's really income going right through. And then the revenue is just product sales, so it's pretty good margin. And again, I think that you got it right. We've assumed that we'll get a little over half of the year this year, but obviously that's just an assumption and we're pretty clear about that. And so it's up to AstraZeneca who will make that decision on their own.
Peter N. Kellogg: Yes, Jami, so everything you said by the way leading into the question is correct, you’ve got it all -- that's absolutely right. And the EPS, we gave a range of $0.10, so that we have -- we can adopt -- we can fit in that range with a lot of different factors, one of which is foreign exchange obviously, but many other things that could be going on in the business. So I think it's not a bad assumption to think that perhaps the current exchange rate is a little bit lower than the range or not. But quite frankly, there are quite a few factors that move our EPS one way or the other. So I wouldn't -- even though in the guidance we pointed to ForEx to help you understand some of the moving parts, there's many different moving parts in the business, launches, competitive activity and so forth. And so likewise we're very oftenly exceed our expectations in our own execution of the business. So I think that at this early point in the year, I think the 10-point range, I would think of it as the full range and it's hard to kind of pin it down to any one factor if that's okay.
Peter N. Kellogg: Yes, sure. So you're right, we haven't given 2013 guidance. I mean I think the one thing I would just take away from the 2012 guidance that we've talked about today is really every company has years in which they have a patent expiry or some sort of impact like that. And really the secret or the trick to this is to make sure that your underlying momentum is strong so that when you end up having the one impact of a patent expiry, the rest of your business is really growing nicely. And obviously, we've highlighted kind of how we see 2012 and how we've come through '11 with great momentum. And so as we go into '13, it's going to be all about the growth of that underlying business, how well the key products do, how well our emerging markets do, different pieces of what we're talking about. So we really haven't given guidance. But that is clearly the answer is that as you go through '12, you can watch our underlying business performance and you can pretty much gauge, is that strong enough to overcome the impact of a patent expiry? For '12, it certainly was.
Peter N. Kellogg: Sure. Thanks, Steve. So no, there's no change in policy or approach, whatever. But I think what's happened is you've all seen obviously in the fourth quarter is the exchange rates have moved around a lot and none of us can actually sit here and forecast ForEx that well. So all we want to do is to highlight to everybody that in fact, at last year ForEx rates, there’s one level of performance, but with the current ForEx rates, that's what we have worked with. That's the impact we would see. But importantly, Steve, just to make sure it's clear, we only talked about that at revenue. So at EPS, we have given you the EPS range at the current rates. So really I don't think there's any change in policy at all. We're just trying to help investors understand how ForEx impacts the numbers.
Peter N. Kellogg: Sure. So I think what you'll see in the SG&A for 2011 is that we did have a number of different things going on obviously in addition to just the commercial activity. I think people often think of SG&A as just Adam's promotion and selling resources, but obviously we have all of our corporate costs, legal fees, other things to go through there. So in 2011, there was an increase overall in non-GAAP marketing and administrative for the full year, and part of that was launch investments, investments in fast-growing markets like Japan, and we talked about those 2. Of course as you all know, health care reform came in so there were some fees that were increasing. All 3 of those factors were kind of equal amounts, roughly in the neighborhood. And then of course, we had some other corporate expenses that come along, and they’re hard to always to predict. So some of them may have been legal expense reserves for different situations we're dealing with or other kinds of items. So those are the main drivers for this year -- for 2011. For 2012, you've seen we've done a lot of restructuring announcements during the year, this year as well, 2011. And obviously, we've known exactly what 2012 would look like, so I think we've planned very carefully what -- how to manage the year. A lot of the announcements we've done this year will give us a full year benefit in all parts of the company for 2012. So I think that will help us on SG&A. And I think that we're well prepared for exactly how to work through a year like 2012 and 2013. Adam, I don't know if you want to add any other comments or Ken.
Kenneth C. Frazier: And Tony, with regard to VICTRELIS, the good news is that we do have an agreement with Roche that is worldwide wherever we're able to do it legally in any part of the world. And in those markets, they are detailing VICTRELIS and doing education with physicians and so forth. So the partnership has gone well, and I think that they've been able to help us in all markets around the world where legally we're able to do it.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Let me start by trying to address how we look at the overall Hep C opportunity that we have in front of us and our strategy. First, we've tried to say very clearly that we are taking steps to maximize our VICTRELIS opportunity and we're pleased with the growth that we see in the U.S. as well as outside the United States. And beyond that, we're also aggressively pursuing new and more convenient interferon-free therapies focusing on MK-5172, our pan- genotypic protease inhibitor. Beyond that, I think what I would say is looking to expand on that, we would continue to look at this marketplace to try to find opportunities to create shareholder value creating partnerships or acquisitions. But we are going to always maintain financial discipline in this area as we have in every other area. And just going back to MK-5172, we see a number of opportunities with that drug because we think it can in fact be a very strong anchor for an all oral therapy. So we intend to study that drug with other drugs in our own pipeline that are at early stages. We’re also again interested in partnering to study with other drugs in the hope of developing an all oral regimen that maximizes SVR and shortens duration of therapy and minimizes side effects. And if we're not able to reach the kind of partnership or accommodation and someone else reaches the market first, we don't think the game is over. We'll study MK-5172 with whatever drugs make it to the market to see if we can improve on the regimen. So we have a number of approaches, but at the end of the day, I want to just underscore that Merck has always tried to be financially disciplined in doing any kind of deal or arrangement, and will remain so in Hep C.
Kenneth C. Frazier: With regard to ZOSTAVAX, we -- before we started significant promotion in the United States, we wanted to make sure that we had supply and that we'd be able to have continuous supply. We will begin increasing our promotional support through personal promotion and also nonpersonal promotion very significantly as we move through this year. With regard to outside the U.S., we've made significant progress in the existing facilities. We expect both products to be available out of our new manufacturing plant in Durham in late 2012 or early 2013, and that will allow us to make the product more broadly available internationally.
Kenneth C. Frazier: I'll just add that from the very beginning, we've been very clear about the profile of the company that we'd like to be, and that involves driving top line growth and making prudent investments to ensure that we do have top line growth but growing the bottom line faster to leverage P&L, and that's still very much our intent and our ambition as we go through '12 and into the future.
Kenneth C. Frazier: I'll start on the 2 launch brands, BRIDION and TREDAPTIVE. I would say, first of all, BRIDION, we think has a terrific profile and it can be very useful in helping people in their postoperative setting. We think -- we've seen in Japan, for example, pretty strong uptake. We are hoping that we can get this drug approved in the U.S., and we really think it has a unique positioning because of its value and its innovation. I think on TREDAPTIVE, going forward, a lot of that will have to do with the outcome of HPS2-THRIVE, and we think if we can launch this drug in the United states and in effect, relaunch it outside the United States, accompanied by these kinds of outcomes, we think it can be a very significant contributor. But I'll turn it over to Adam at this point.
Kenneth C. Frazier: And just as a revenue matter, our goal is to try to be at or near our 2011 levels on revenue, notwithstanding the clear headwinds of SINGULAIR and other patent expiries on an operating basis. And what we're really trying to say and what we said back in November, that's what we intended to do is to be essentially level with 2011 on an operating basis, and I think we're clarifying that as that gets translated into dollars, obviously, there's some impact to foreign exchange.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Well, I'll just say again, I just want to reaffirm our goal is to have a leveraged P&L and you're seeing some positive impact on this in terms of foreign exchange, but we don't expect to see a significant increase in promotion, in selling dollars next year. We're continuing to work through our synergies to create the kind of operating model that will allow us to succeed in this kind of marketplace going forward.
Kenneth C. Frazier: And on the R&D spend, Chris, I think we've tried to say all along that what we spend in a particular time is really a function of the assets that are moving through the pipeline at that time. Right now, we seem right now to be experiencing a bolus of big trials right now. And we also believe that these kinds of large trials, while they do cost a lot, can help differentiate these products when they come to the market.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So on the IMPROVE-IT question, I just would reiterate that we're very confident in the value of ezetimibe and we're also confident in what we see in every study, which is that lowering LDL seems to have a positive benefit. I think the SHARP study was another indication that lowering LDL in that particular population seems to have had a benefit. And so we continue to be confident that IMPROVE-IT will be a positive outcome study for us. Without giving any detail, we obviously look at a range of scenarios all the time in trying to run the business, and that's what we're trying to do.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Well, just briefly, I want to thank you all again for attending and listening and for all your excellent questions today. So to wrap up, 2011 was a very good year in which we grew the top line by more than $1 billion. We delivered a leveraged P&L to grow the bottom line even faster than the top line, and we increased our share repurchase activity and raised the dividend to return more cash to shareholders. Thank you very much for your listening today, and we look forward to seeing you down the road. Bye-bye.
Adam H. Schechter: And, Seamus, with regard to the patent expiry of SINGULAIR in Japan is 2016, but it's also important to note that in Japan even after products go off patent, there's typically room for them to continue to do well. And if you look, Japan remains a very important growth driver for us this year but as we move into the future. We don't give specific product information for the emerging markets. We do give it for outside the U.S., but I would be careful because that includes Europe. If you look at the emerging markets and Japan, I would say that we're showing good growth for SINGULAIR, and we expect to continue to have good growth moving forward.
Adam H. Schechter: And then with regard to your question on warehousing, the first thing I'd say is typically there's a slowdown of new patients that occurs during the holidays, Thanksgiving and the end of the year holidays. And we think we saw that this year as well. With VICTRELIS because of the 4-week lead in, you had expected that to be extended a little bit into the beginning part of January. I think the key is that if you look at a product like VICTRELIS, it can help double the cure rate today. And physicians understand that, and they're still working through the patients that they’ve warehoused, waiting for a product like VICTRELIS. At this point, we're not hearing of significant warehousing. There may be some people that say it anecdotally, but it may occur later. But right now, we don't think it's a significant impact.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes, so the DPP-4 category, it continues to show impressive growth. And I think it will continue to show impressive growth. But still only about 20% of patients are treated with DPP-4 inhibitors. With that said, many patients in this market takes multiple medications. And on average, they're on somewhere between 1.8 and 2.4 medicines for a diabetic patient and as disease progresses they end up on more medications. But the bottom line is we expect the DPP-4 class to continue to show strong growth moving forward. And we also are very excited about the once-weekly DPP-4 that we have in Phase II and looking forward to go into Phase III. We think that can be a tremendous contributor both on the convenience side as well, which is important by the way when you have issues around diabetics who sometimes are not as compliant as other people could be. We think that's a really useful thing for us to do, and we think that's a great opportunity for us, too.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes, and the other thing I would add is that if you look at TREDAPTIVE, the sales are not significant outside of the U.S., but niacin sales have never been significant outside of the U.S. I believe that once we have outcomes data that shows on top of a statin you can get additional cardiovascular benefit, which is the hope of the HPS2-THRIVE study, that would increase the utilization not only for the United States but also outside of the United States. With regard to new product launches, SIMPONI in the retained markets, BRIDION in Japan, which continues to do very, very well, had $60 million of sales in the quarter. VICTRELIS, which had $87 million in the quarter, as well as SAPHRIS and DULARE are primary drivers of our global launches and to the $500 million that I talked about. In addition to that, we have JANUVIA in Japan, which continues to be large and fast-growing, Remeron in Japan, and we have GARDASIL that's just launching in Japan. So those are the product launches that are driving the majority of the dollars that I talked about.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes. So let me start with commercial impact of IMPROVE-IT. Obviously, we're expecting that the IMPROVE-IT trial show benefit for VYTORIN. I think that it will reinforce what many physicians believe, which is the LDL cholesterol hypothesis, which says that as you lower cholesterol, LDL cholesterol more and you get patients to their goal, the better the outcomes and the better the benefit. So I think that it will prove to be something that physicians believe inherently anyway. With that said, we would have significant promotional support and we’d put even additional emphasis behind the outcomes, and I think that there would be a positive impact assuming that the product -- that the trial is positive as you stated, and that's what our assumption is. So we hope to have that data as soon as possible. And once we do, once it's positive, we'll promote it very strongly and there will be an impact positively from it. With regard to emerging markets, we're pleased with our performance in the emerging markets. We are investing significantly where it makes sense to invest and we believe there'll continue to be significant growth. I've said before that in the emerging markets, there's always ups and downs, and you can't look at any one country as representative of all the emerging markets. So for example, in Turkey, there's significant pricing pressure at the end of last year and going into this year. And in many of the markets just pricing pressure that I believe will continue. The good news is that we have a very broad portfolio of products. And if you look at what we've been able to do is to grow 13% ex ForEx and when you account for the relinquished territories of REMICADE and SIMPONI. I believe we've been able to offset the pricing pressures that we've been under, which will continue by increases in volume. And we launched a campaign, which I spoke about before, called the next 10 brands. What we're doing is we're focusing on not only the brands that you typically think about, the brands that we talk about often, but we're going down to the next 10 and the next 10 after that. And in some of these markets, we have 130 products that are available to us and we have to find ways to maximize each and every one of those products and the opportunities that exist. So I believe there still remains significant opportunity in emerging markets. It will continue to be a difficult environment, there's no doubt about that. There will be pricing pressure that will continue, but I believe that we can be successful with our products and with our volume. And the last thing I'll say is if you look at China, I mean 28% growth in the fourth quarter, if you look at our volume growth, our evolution index is well over 120 in terms of volume in China and we're growing significantly faster than the market. So that's the type of performance we expect to continue in Global Human Health for Merck.
Adam H. Schechter: And Steve on your HPS2-THRIVE question for TREDAPTIVE, the trial itself is expected to end this year. It's unclear at this point if it will end in time to have data presented at the American Heart Association meeting later this year. But our intent is certainly to have this drug filed in 2013. So with that, we'll take the next question please.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes, let me start off with VYTORIN and impact of Lipitor. We've been focusing our promotion of VYTORIN on the severely hypercholesterolemic patients. In general, the patient that has cholesterol levels that can't get to goal on a statin alone or would have to be titrated to a very, very high level of a statin prior to treatment. So I think that the positioning that we've been focusing on for the past couple years should help us because even if a physician were to use generic Lipitor, they probably would not be able to get that patient to goal and they would need to look at something else. Therefore, they'd either be able to switch to something like VYTORIN or they could think about adding ZETIA. And we believe that ZETIA in the marketplace will continue to do well. As more patients move to the generic statins, there'll be harder to get some of those patients to goal. And therefore, they'll have options to either move to VYTORIN or to add ZETIA. We are increasing our promotional effort behind ZETIA. We think that there is an opportunity for ZETIA in the marketplace particularly with generic Lipitor. We have not seen any impact on ZETIA since the launch of Lipitor generic, but we'll be watching that closely. And it's too early to see any impact on VYTORIN as well. But we believe that this franchise can continue to do well throughout the launch of the generics.
