Alex Kelly: Thanks, Brooke, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Merck's 2011 third quarter conference call. Before I turn the call over to Ken this morning, I want to mention a few housekeeping items. First, as a reminder, we're hosting our R&D and Business Briefing in less than 2 weeks on November 10. At the briefing, we will discuss our pipeline, and we'll also spend time discussing the company's strategy. As a result, we're going to limit the content of today's call to a discussion of the business in the third quarter, and we'll also limit the call to 45 minutes because we know we'll have ample time on November 10 for further discussion about the business, and we look forward to seeing all of you then. The second thing I'd like to mention is that there are a number of items in the GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs and a gain resulting from our sale of our interest in our consumer joint venture. We have excluded those items in our non-GAAP reconciliation tables in the press release and also in Table 2, so that will give you a better sense of the underlying performance in the business. Finally, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs  of management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2010 10-K, identify risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement. Our SEC filings can be found on our website at merck.com. This morning, I'm joined by Ken Frazier, our Chief Executive Officer and President; Adam Schechter, the President of Global Human Health; and Peter Kellogg, our Chief Financial Officer. And now I'd like to introduce Ken Frazier.
Alex Kelly: Great. Thanks, Peter. Now we're ready to open up the call to answer your questions. [Operator Instructions] So Brooke, we're ready for the Q&A, please.
Alex Kelly: So, Seamus, we'll try to keep track on this. Let me start with the biosimilars. We're not going to  talk about biosimilars today. We have the November 10 business briefing coming up in less than 2 weeks. So we'll perhaps have that on the topics there.
Kenneth C. Frazier: I'll take the question of ZOSTAVAX first. I would say that we continue to work on the manufacturing enhancements necessary to fortify and increase our long-term supply and also say we're encouraged by the progress that we've been making. We still have backorders, but from our perspective, those backorders are getting shorter in duration. So we're optimistic that we are starting to get some good solutions, but time will tell. And I can't say for sure when I -- we'll be able to definitively declare that those issues are completely behind us.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Yes, Catherine. First on the outcome studies side of things, obviously, from a vorapaxar standpoint, we're starting to wind down some of the costs associated with vorapaxar. Also that we have the SHARP year-on-year benefit there. I think the other issues that we're facing are some of the savings that we thought -- or efficiencies that we thought we would get in connection with the merger. So we are seeing facilities being closed. And I think across R&D, Peter and his colleagues are really focused on identifying ways to improve the efficiency of all the R&D processes. So that's a major focus of our work right now, is to try to continue to find efficiencies in our processes. But at the same time, I want to be clear. We remain firmly committed to investing in R&D, which has always been the cornerstone of our success, and we're confident that, that R&D investment will lead to another cycle of scientific innovation. So we're very much committed to staying at the forefront of biomedical innovation while at the same time reducing the time and money we spend on developing medical breakthroughs at every stage.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Let me just say that I think that the GARDASIL case is an example of why it's important to invest in life cycle management. And also I think the VICTRELIS future opportunity is another example of why we think it's important to invest in new product launches so that we can have a durable opportunity with VICTRELIS over time.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay. So let me just say that with respect to both TRA-CER and 2P, we will have an update on November 10, particularly with respect to 2P. TRA-CER, we will have that data being presented at AHA in November. So my comment on vorapaxar shouldn't be read as implying any change in either one of those studies except for the fact that TRA-CER really is winding down in a normal course.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So on the first question around the overall cost structure, I think it's important to remember that we are on track for the synergy goal that we set with respect to the merger in the first place. And last quarter, we announced an additional restructuring around $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. So I think that shows you that we see opportunity. We also see the need competitively to be a very efficient organization. We talked about R&D a few minutes ago, and I wanted to be very clear. We're very much committed to funding R&D, but Peter Kim and his colleagues are also committed to looking at ways in which they can increase the efficiency of everything that they do in R&D. Adam and his colleagues in commercial area are also looking at the best way to serve customers consistent with that theme of efficiency. And lastly, I think from a network standpoint and a manufacturing standpoint, we have a lot of work to do in front of us to bring together the plant structures that we have and to find efficiencies there. I'd also say that in our headquarters group, people also see the need to behave and to run the company at a way that allows us to be as efficient as possible and reallocate resources where they are going to drive the most growth.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay. And just generally, I'll just kick off the issue around returning cash to shareholders. As we've said all the time, we intend to be shareholder-friendly. In that regard, I think we've done a good job in the past few years in returning cash to shareholders around 70%. And with that, I'll turn it over to Peter Kellogg.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay. Let me just close the call by thanking you all for being here with us this morning. I just want to say again, I think this was another good quarter. As a management team at the beginning of this year, we said our intent was to make selective investments that would drive both the top line and the bottom line, and we're pleased that we're able to show that kind of execution. Going forward, we look forward to discussing with you on November 10 our prospectives on Merck's strategy to drive growth and shareholder value over the longer term. Peter Kim and his colleagues will be speaking with you about the many promising projects in our pipeline. And finally, as Adam has said, he will also be able to share with you his views of our product portfolio and the commercial strength that is driving the top line growth that we just discussed today. So thank you very much again for joining us, and I look forward to seeing you on November 10.
Peter N. Kellogg: Chris, this is Peter. I'll take the second question. You're right. We have increased our view of the tax rate during 2011, and I would say that the primary driver of that shift over the course of the year has been product mix. We've had some really tremendous performance from some of our products that, particularly JANUVIA, JANUMET that are just going very well. We also, as you may recall, closed out an IRS review earlier in the year with -- and at that time, obviously, you may recall, we had a gain from that but we also slightly revised some of our FIN 48 reserve rates just in recognition of some of the dialogue and items that we observed during that review. So those are the 2 factors. I think the mix is the biggest one. In terms of how you should think about it going forward, obviously, we'll give 2012 guidance on the fourth quarter call, so I can't really give guidance now. But I think, I certainly -- a good place, tax sort of evolves, tax rates evolve, they don't jump around. So I think it's always good to start with kind of what the current year ends up at is a good starting point.
Peter N. Kellogg: So, Catherine, maybe if you could just -- it's okay, I'll take the Animal Health question. And indeed, you're right. The Animal Health team has done just a great job. They're having a good year. It's very broad-based across the business, their performance. And we often point to different animal segments. But quite frankly, it would be a long list right now because they're doing quite well in all areas. Interesting thing about the Animal Health business is that right now, about 50% of their growth is coming from new products that they're launching into the market. They have a very good pipeline, and those pipeline products are just beginning to come through. There's many more still in late stage that are about to be launched. So we are pretty pleased with the results. Now I think you'll just note that, obviously, they are a very international business so there is some forex benefit. So I believe you'll see in the third quarter we had 20% revenue growth but about 6 points of that, or 6%, was foreign-exchange base. So it's good to know that, but still, you can see underlying that, they're doing a great job. And again, 50% of it's in-line products and 50% is our new product launches.
Peter N. Kellogg: Sure. So, yes, a really pretty broad-based question, Dave, and I think there's a lot going on. Let me just start with the value capture from the merger. And as we talked about, we've set a pretty strong goal out there of net synergies. And at this point, we're happy to point out that we're in the 2.8, 2.9 kind of rough area of billions of dollars of savings coming through, and you can see it in the P&L. And the other thing I'd say is that clearly, we're in the neighborhood of about 90 to 91 -- 90,000, 91,000 employees at this point as of the end of the third quarter, which obviously is very clear progress. And I think that the one thing to highlight is that really, a lot of the things that we're doing with our operating cost base, I just want to point to some of the comments Ken made in his speech. It really is in all areas of the company. Our R&D organization has, obviously, we've talked about it, has been working to become more efficient and more productive. But the same is true around the world in our commercial organization. They really rapidly combined their commercial organizations and got a lot of benefit from that. But they continue to drive more and more productivity, and Adam could talk to the kind of multi-channel approaches that he's using and so forth. It's also true in manufacturing the network, Willie Deese and his team are looking to have a long-term plan to really refine and reduce the infrastructure and build the efficiency of our entire global supply chain. And also in the G&A areas, all the areas are looking to become a little bit more variable and more virtual and become even more and more of an efficient, productive company, which is, I think, the right thing, obviously, to be doing in this world. I think that what's important to remember, though, as you look at our cost base is that while we are definitely getting these savings, we're also at the same time making sure that we make investments in areas like the emerging markets and product launches and really driving the pipeline forward to make sure that we fuel future growth because we, as Ken has highlighted, we really are taking a long-term view of where we want to be. We want to have the right cost structure, but at the same time, we want to drive investments. And year-to-date, for example, our investments in the emerging markets have been quite significant. I think, Adam, you can comment on that if you'd like.
Peter N. Kellogg: Sure. And I think as you saw in our share repurchase activity and our year-to-date activity, quite frankly, we are actually this year repeating the performance and having a very strong return of cash to shareholders. We don't give guidance going forward on that though. I'm not able to really comment on it specifically, but I think generally I'm most comfortable highlighting that we stick to the standard that we really need to make sure we invest in the business, whether that be through pipeline or investments geographically. And so we make sure that we have the resources to drive the strategic growth of the business going forward. Then beyond that, I think we've demonstrated over and over again and we really have a goal, Ken and I both with our Board, to make share that we really are shareholder-friendly. We clearly saw the third quarter opportunity to utilize the authorization for share repurchase, and I think we did a nice -- that was a nice volume there. We do have a dividend of $4.7 billion on an annual basis. But I think as we go forward, Ken and I have both said that we're very focused on making sure that we continue the heritage of being very shareholder-friendly in terms of how we return cash to shareholders.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes, and we'll spend some more time on it on November 10. But we've got investments in emerging markets that are greater than $400 million year-to-date above what we spent last year. And we've been able to do that while we're continuing to invest in new product launches around the world. And we'll show you more of how we've transformed our commercial model so that we can really be impactful in the mature markets but grow significantly and reinvest even more in the emerging markets.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes, so Tim, let me talk first about VYTORIN and ZETIA and then I'll get to PNEUMOVAX. If you looked at -- let me start off with ZETIA. ZETIA currently, about half of the use is in statin-intolerant patients. And obviously, irrespective of Lipitor being on or off patent, that population doesn't get impacted. The other half of the use is add-on to statins, and it's typically added on at about the same market share as you see the market share for the statins in the marketplace. There's no reason to believe that physicians will not add ZETIA to statins as much in the future as they have in the past, irrespective of what's happening with generic Lipitor. In addition, with VYTORIN, we continue to work with formularies, and we've already begun to work on formularies not just for 2011, but we're looking at 2012. And I can tell you our contract discussions to date, we've been able to successfully maintain our status for the vast majority of Medicare D plans, which you know you already had us submit formularies for earlier this year. And I can tell you, recently one of the largest commercial customers maintained a formulary status for 2012. So I believe that there will continue to be pressure. There's been pressure for several years frankly, because there's been generic statins. I think generic Lipitor in the marketplace will have a minimal impact on ZETIA. And so far, we've been fairly successful maintaining our formulary position for VYTORIN. With regard to PNEUMOVAX, PNEUMOVAX 23 has the broadest serotype coverage of any pneumococcal vaccine. And if you look at the CDC information, in 2009, the serotypes in PNEUMOVAX 23 were responsible for about 76% of disease in adults 50 to 64 years old, and 66% of the disease in adults were 65 years of age or older. So I believe that we will continue to have a very good vaccine here that will be successful in the marketplace. I'm not going to comment on the impact of competition right now, but I believe that we are going to be and continue to be successful moving forward.
Adam H. Schechter: So, Marc, let me start off with GARDASIL. So GARDASIL grew 41% in this quarter, and we are very pleased with that. I mentioned that about $50 million of that was GARDASIL launch stocking for Japan. If you look at the U.S. specifically, we are seeing continued uptake of the male indication. And in fact, about 30% of the first doses today are coming from the male indication. We've seen a very strong back-to-school season. We were prepared. We were ready. We were in physicians' offices, and I think we were able to execute very, very well around the back-to-school season. So we remain very pleased with the execution of our team for back-to-school. We are also pleased with the expanded recommendation for the routine vaccination of boys 11 to 12, which happened earlier this week. I think that we will continue to see increases in boys being vaccinated but it's going to come at the same time, with less females that are available to be vaccinated. So the bottom line is we're pleased with the growth of GARDASIL. We think there's continued room for growth in the U.S. as we move forward. But I would be careful not to look at the boys as an incremental opportunity without realizing that there'll be less girls that will be moving into the marketplace. So with regard to VICTRELIS, and let me take some time and walk you through how I think about VICTRELIS. First of all, if you look at the IMS share, it shows about 25% TRx share. We believe it's somewhere between 25% and 30%. If you look at the number of patients treated with VICTRELIS, we believe it's about 5,000 patients. We've seen that our share is growing. It's growing 7 out of 10 weeks, and our TRx volume is growing. The issue is it takes us about 3 times longer to get the value from a patient. And let me explain that. If a patient was started on VICTRELIS today and another person was started on the competition today, the competition would get the value over 12 weeks. VICTRELIS would get value 20 more weeks above those 12 weeks because the therapy and the length of therapy with VICTRELIS is much longer than it is for the competition. There is a slightly different price as well. So as I look at the future, I look at what our share is and then I look at the fact that we'll get dollars per patient much longer than what the competition does. And then in addition to that, I look at the VA and also some high-control Medicaid plans were they've chosen VICTRELIS as the exclusive product on formulary. And I think that we'll be able to show growth in those areas as well. With regard to the launches x U.S., it's very early. The price is similar to the U.S. The anecdotal feedback that we're getting is very strong. I've spoken to some of our managing directors across Europe and in Brazil. And we are very optimistic about our ability to launch VICTRELIS successfully in those markets. The thing I'd also say is if you look at the high control areas like the VA and some of the high control Medicaid where VICTRELIS has had a good formulary control or formulary position. In Europe where they're very price sensitive, we believe that VICTRELIS will also be in a very good position.
Adam H. Schechter: Okay, Jami, there's a lot there. So let me start and then if I miss anything, you can jump in. So if you look at VICTRELIS, I think the best way to look at new patient starts is to look at new RXs. The TRxs will give you a sense of continuing patients and new patients. Our new patient starts are also showing at about 25% market share. We believe that IMS is off maybe 3 to 5 share points. So we think that our market share of new patients is probably closer to 28% to 30% based upon our own data. And with regard to how to think about it, I wouldn't think about it from one quarter to the next quarter in any type of catch up that way. It's going to be over time because for every patient that comes into the market, it takes 32 weeks of treatment with VICTRELIS versus -- and that's on average, somewhere between 30 and 32 weeks, versus 12 weeks with the competition. So each patient continues on therapy for a much longer period of time, if they're on VICTRELIS. Now it's important to note that irrespective of which protease inhibitor a patient is on, they have to be on treatment for a long period of time anyway because of PEGINTRON and ribavirin treatment. It's just that their competition is more front-end loaded versus where VICTRELIS is, and it occurs much more gradual. Another way to think about it is if you just take the total number of scripts in the market and you would times that by the amount of dollars per week, and you assume each script is worth 4 weeks, you could get to about the sales that have been reported for the products. So that's another way to start to think about it. With regard to the VA deal, it's a several-year deal. They -- it's a 2-year contract. The physicians typically follow the formulary. We're the only PI on formulary. They can have access to the other products, but it's a way that they have to go about that with a lot of paperwork and it's difficult for them to do. But it can be done and there's some physicians that will do it. The other thing is that the price is not public right now. I can tell you, we continue to negotiate other contracts, so I do not want to give the exact price, I think it would not be a competitive good move. But it is profitable for us, and we have a lot of experience in the VA. We've worked there in many classes. Many of our most important products over time have been part of the formulary, and we're very pleased to be working with them again with VICTRELIS because the patient population is very large here.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes. So once again, I think that if you look at the recommendation, right, for routine vaccinations of boys 11 to 12, it moves the recommendation from the current "permissive" at the provider's discretion to "universal" on the routine schedule. However, I also mentioned that about 30% of our first doses already were being administered to males. It may improve our managed care coverage, but we already have about 75% of managed care coverage for males already. So we're not providing the penetrations yet because -- the penetration rates yet, because it's still early and it's still relatively low and we want to see how that progresses over time. But I do believe that it would be much slower than what we've seen in the rates that we've seen for penetration into the female segment.
Adam H. Schechter: So with the VA, I mean, the first thing the VA does is they do a clinical review. So they look at the efficacy of the product, they look at the safety of the product and then after a clinical review, they'll do a pricing review. So it's the totality of the product. It's clinical and pricing that enabled us to be on the formulary.
Adam H. Schechter: So we're pleased with the growth of ISENTRESS. We have 23% growth year-over-year. We had a little bit of a slowdown if you look quarter-over-quarter, but that's because a lot more patients for this quarter moved into the ADAP, which is more discounted, but that's not uncommon to occur. And we've seen that happen in years in the past where one quarter slows down versus other quarters. I like to look at the year-over-year growth, which we're still very pleased with. We look at our resources very carefully. I think we're resourced well. If we believe we need to increase our resources, we have the capability and the ability to do it for sure. When I look at Gilead's Quad, I think there's a couple of things to keep in mind. First is the inclusion of the booster in the Quad, and I think that you have to look at tolerability that, that might bring into play, and I think that it might enable ISENTRESS to have a tolerability advantage because it does not have a booster for ISENTRESS. And now that HIV has become much more of a chronic disease, long-term safety and efficacy data are very important. ISENTRESS has long-term safety and efficacy data. So I believe that we'll continue to be successful with ISENTRESS. Despite the competition next year, I think we have the right level of resources, and if we need to increase those resources, we will.
Adam H. Schechter: And with regard to China, we reported about 50% increase in sales quarter-over-quarter. And the reason I affirmed that overall, for the full year, we believe that the growth will be 30% is because as I've said many times, in the emerging markets, you have some quarters where there's purchasing patterns that cause increases or decreases versus prior quarters. If you look at last year, we had less sales in July than typical. And therefore, the year-over-year growth of 50% seems higher than it actually was. It was probably closer in the 30%. So that's why I wanted to make sure people understood for the full year, we expect sales to be -- growth in China to be well over 30%. But the other thing that's important is, we do very well with both patented and unpatented products in China. I don't have the sales broken out exactly like that for you. I'm going to spend more time speaking about China specifically on November 10, and I'll be able to provide you with some additional insight into how we see that market and how we see our growth coming from that market. With regard to DULERA, we already have significant improvements in lung functions and also less exacerbations in the label for asthma. And the addition of the COPD claim, I think, will help us continue to grow, but it will also help us to get onto formularies because having both indications is going to be important and helpful. But we already have the exacerbation data available to us in the label.
Adam H. Schechter: Let me -- and so let me answer, so JANUMET XR, we responded to the letter from the FDA, and we expect to hear back from the FDA in the first quarter of 2012. With regard to ez/atorva, we already filed that product. Obviously, you've probably seen that Pfizer has filed a lawsuit. We're not going to comment on the litigation. The lawsuit has the potential for delaying the FDA's ability to approve the product until January of 2014.
