Richard Clark: So on the first question, I think when a particular data is revealed, it's up to the Oxford group, and we look forward to seeing the data next week when it's revealed in two weeks. On the SINGULAIR question, we constantly look at all of our products to evaluate what their long-term life cycle management value would be, including prospects for over-the-counter switch.
Richard Clark: On REMICADE the growth would have been without exchange issues, 13%. I think the other issue that we're dealing with since we have the European territories is we have the general austerity measures and measures that are aimed actually at the anti-TNF category. I think the product continues to maintain its share, and it continues to grow notwithstanding the introduction of SIMPONI in those markets, so we feel very good about that. On the pneumococcal one, we have not revealed any new information on the timing of moving that forward. TRA, we've said that we expect generally, that we'll have this data to be revealed in the mid-2011 period. As you know, it's an event-driven trial. And I think that's about all we can say about it right now. And we have an R&D meeting, of course, coming up.
Richard Clark: So starting with the cervix question, we won't, obviously, be in a position to talk about what our pricing strategy is going forward, but I think it is important to recognize that we are the market leader with greater than 90% share in that market.
Richard Clark: And then on the donut hole, we, obviously, look at our entire portfolio. Some of our products are more subject to Medicaid than others like the chronic care products. But overall, we think that, that has a benefit because you could see greater patient compliance when you take away sort of the economic disincentive that was inherent in the donut hole.
Richard Clark: And to your other question, obviously, the folks that we have are physicians is still very important for us, mainly from an education standpoint. So the physicians know about our products or vaccines and now with the merger that we have such a robust capability in each of the franchises that they know they have many choices. And I think we're moving to a more customized customer approach and just the same messages of the same kind of products and services for every customer. But on a more strategic level, Tony, and I think that's a good question. I think one of the things that Merck will have from a competitive advantage standpoint is that when you look at either governments on an international basis, whether it's a nice type organization or whether we're moving to healthcare reform today and the government's going to play a larger role or whether you're looking to some of the larger managed care payers that exist in the United States. The important part is going to be health technology assessment and the ability to have clinical outcomes and be able to approve that whatever product you're thinking about from a regulatory approval and launch standpoint is above the standard of care that exists today. And I think where our competitive advantage is a company is our late-stage pipeline and how much of it has the ability to meet unmet medical needs and it is differentiated products, and we have the clinical outcome studies to prove it.
Kenneth Frazier: So yes, Tim, normally Merck has done a history of having an R&D Day in December. There will not be one in 2010, since we just had an R&D update in May of 2010.
Kenneth Frazier: That's correct, and I think that we've been able to do it quickly with the least amount of disruption possible given the size of these two organizations that we're bringing together. So we feel very confident that we'll continue to meet our synergies on the time table we reveal.
Kenneth Frazier: So on the Staph vaccine, as you know, the ongoing study is an endpoint-driven study. And I think our view is that we'd expect to see the interim look in 2011. On BRIDION, we are now discussing hypersensitivity and coagulation, and we plan to be able to file that in 2011.
Kenneth Frazier: What we said about the status of boceprevir with the FDA and the EMEA is that we plan to file that we are on track to complete the submissions in 2010. I think on the commercial side, we can't reveal, obviously, what our marketing strategy is. But I think we have a robust strategy. And I think we know how to launch products in the specialty area like ISENTRESS, as well as in primary care like JANUVIA. So we are very excited by the prospects of boceprevir. We look forward to next November 1 and 2 in the Phase III data being presented at AASLD.
Kenneth Frazier: So let me start with diversified products. I would say that first of all, we have been trying to focus on those brands as a separate business line. They have their own separate customer segments, and so we have a GM to manage it as a franchise from a marketing standpoint. And in some markets, we actually have separate sales forces, China, for example. I think it varies depending on the actual market characteristics, but to answer the thrust of your question, we actually trying to treat this business line as its own distinct business line to be managed.
Peter Kellogg: So on the questions of capital deployment, good question, and as you know, we have talked in the past about how we have a fairly strong dividend and as I mentioned in my discussion, we actually had a dividend that amounts to about $1.2 billion per quarter. And as I mentioned also that in this quarter, we had about $300 million of share repurchase but on a year-to-date basis, that's $1.3 billion. So I think from the free cash flow of the company, you can see that we're doing good job redeploying cash even this year in the first year of the merger. So that is important to us. That said though, we are very actively looking to make great value creating deals around the world, and I think our business development activity is very active in a number of areas. One is to make sure that we have the best pipeline in the industry. Secondly, looking for great combinations and opportunities to partner around the world on the commercial side. And thirdly, in the emerging markets space, we recognize that we're going to be broadening our footprint and we want to make sure that we work with good partners locally to help create that value. So the BD [ph] size is also active and that does come into play. The last thing I would say is relative to our debt, obviously, what we talked about at the time of the merger was we design the merger to make sure that we landed in about the same place that we were before the merger. And we targeted the credit ratings to allow us to have some flexibility, but to also reinforce the strength of Merck, so that we can handle any kind of issues that come up. But also, more importantly, that we can invest on the strategic opportunities that we have around the world and we intend to continue that. It is true, we are generating solid cash flow and we'll be -- that cash flow performance will be growing. And so we will keep an eye on that. We will be shareholder friendly. But obviously, we will also intend to maintain our credit rating. We work closely with the credit agencies to make sure we're in the right place, and I think we're in about the right place right now.
Peter Kellogg: Sure. I'll start with the tax rate, David, and I'll pass it over to someone else for the pipeline questions. On the tax rate, obviously we haven't given long-term guidance on our tax rate and articulated obviously there's a lot of different pushes and pulls both ways as you go forward. So that's something that's part of our long-term guidance on the EPS line, but we haven't really broken that out and some of that is because it's now crystal clear. I think on the recent developments that were just announced this week in Puerto Rico, obviously we've made a couple of public statements through pharm [ph] and so forth and clearly, it's something we need to get understand better. We are clearly disappointed, but on the other hand, we will work with it. On the pipeline side, let me pass that over to Ken.
Peter Kellogg: John, this is Peter. As you pointed out, obviously, our dividend is very competitive, pretty attractive yield obviously and a good dividend payout ratio. That said, obviously it's something that we're asked about on a regular basis. We don't give guidance going forward about our dividend. But as I've mentioned in my script and in one of the earlier questions, we do remain highly focused on returning cash to shareholders in an appropriate manner, while at the same time, making sure we have the cash to drive the science first mindset we have here. We're very proud of the pipeline in our international footprint. We think we're building a great growth surge of future, and we think that's also the priority for us. And so at this point, I think we are, as I've mentioned, we intend going forward to be very shareholder friendly. And that said, also make sure we attend to the strategic needs of the business in a very important way.
Peter Kellogg: I think those are all headed my way. This is Peter. So first on the AZLP, you've got it right. Obviously, from a quarter-to-quarter standpoint, that is an operation that does have inherent variability in the timing of payments and recognition of income, obviously. However, it's a business that continues to do nicely. We haven't really given guidance for these individual businesses and so forth, but there are timing of different seasonality of the products and so forth. On the -- related to that relationship, there is, as you know, in February, there was an option on the non-PPI products that was executed. And you saw a gain in our financials earlier this year from that and obviously, that gain is excluded from our non-GAAP results, it's included in our GAAP results and then some of our tables. The next option timing is two years later. That's for the PPI items, so that'll be roughly in the first part of 2012. And at this point, where we've always assumed that they will exercise that option that said it's their choice and we can't really predict exactly what will happen, but that's the way we thought about it anyway. And then moving to the product gross margins for the quarter, you're right. You put your finger on the two points. One is obviously -- there is some volatility in PGM just naturally because of the mix and some of that mix is because of products or to be -- divisional and so forth, so that does move around a little bit. The other factor that we had in the second and third quarter this year when you compare it in the second and to third quarter was in the same quarter, we did get some foreign exchange benefit and the third quarter that didn't recur. So that also kind of caused the third quarter to look a little weaker versus the second quarter. And obviously the mix also, so we kind of have two factors go against us in the third quarter. I think we have experienced a higher level of volatility in foreign exchange rates this year than normal. And so to that on some timing basis eventually does roll to the cost of goods.
