Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Grace, and good morning. Welcome to Merck's first quarter 2022 conference call. Speaking on today's call will be Rob Davis, President and Chief Executive Officer; Caroline Litchfield, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Dean Li, President of Merck Research Labs. Before we get started, I'd like to point out a few items. You will see that we have items in our GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs and certain other items. You should note that we have excluded these items from our non-GAAP results and provide a reconciliation in our press release. I would like to remind you that some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current beliefs of Merck's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A and the 2021 10-K, identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. During today's call, a slide presentation will accompany our speakers' prepared remarks. The presentation, today's earnings release as well as our SEC filings are all posted to the Investor Relations section of Merck's website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Dean. Grace, if you could please begin the Q&A. And we request that analysts limit themselves to one question each to get to as many questioners as possible. Thank you.
Peter Dannenbaum: Great. Thank you, Mara. I think we have time for one more question, and then Rob will have a few closing comments.
Caroline Litchfield: Carter, this is Caroline. Thank you very much for the question. GARDASIL continues to be a great growth driver for our company globally, including China. Specific to China, we saw strong performance in the quarter, and we expect continued strong performance as we go through this year. We have significant demand in China. And as they're off flares, as a result of COVID and potentially lockdown in one part of the country, we have the ability to ensure that we're supplying more of the GARDASIL doses to other parts of the country. So we're, therefore, not anticipating a significant impact to our GARDASIL performance in China as a result of what we're seeing in Shanghai at this moment in time. As it pertains to our supply chain, our company has a very robust supply chain. And we have Plan A and Plan B, if there are any interruptions in the supply chain. So we, again, have no concern for the reliability of our supply chain, but we remain vigilant and focused on the situation at hand.
Caroline Litchfield: So to Rob's point, we are extremely excited about the opportunities we have for adjuvant and the impact that, that has on patients. We initially shared that we expected 50% of our growth to come from adjuvant, representing 30% of the U.S. business. We have now extended that to say 50% of the growth will come from adjuvant, representing 25% of our global business in the year 2025. And to Rob's point, our early introductions into the earlier-stage cancers with five indications now in KEYTRUDA are putting us on a very good course to have this impact.
Caroline Litchfield: So Umer, thanks for the question. First, let me start. We're proud of molnupiravir, LAGEVRIO and the impact that it can have on the world. And it has impact to the comments that Dean made given its importance, especially in patients that have drug-to-drug interactions. The data that we have access to suggest that we have actually had utilization by 500,000 patients globally at this stage. We have shipped 6.4 million courses as of now. Both shipments represent expectations for utilization over a period of time. And we're actually seeing extremely strong utilization, especially in ex-U.S. markets, where the statistics you quote are actually reversed in some of the markets. We have a very strong market share. So as we sit here today, we've guided on the $5 million to $5.5 billion based on the contracts that we have in hand, and we are confident in that in our financials.
Caroline Litchfield: Thank you for the question. This is Caroline. So let me start first with the supply, demand. There is significant demand for GARDASIL. This cancer-preventing vaccine in the HPV area has only reached today 9% of the global eligible population. So, there is significant runway ahead of us to protect lives and to drive growth for Merck. Indeed, we've stated that we expect the revenue in year 2030 to be double the $5.7 billion we achieved in 2021. So, we have significant opportunity ahead of us. In order to achieve that opportunity, we are building new facilities that will be coming online from 2023, 2024 and 2025. So we're going to have a step-up in the level of supply to the market that will happen over that period. Specific then to this year, we will see a continuation of the supply into the market as we did in 2021, albeit not quite at the same step-up that we achieved in 2021. So, we remain really confident in our ability to drive strong growth for GARDASIL both in 2022 and the years to come.
Dr. Dean Li: Thank you for that question. So I just wanted to emphasize the question focuses on the addition of another checkpoint inhibitor TIGIT on top of PD-1. And this is a strategy to sort of deepen the response of PD-1 and PD-L1. I think it will be very important to see that data and look at the contribution of components. And really, we're -- we have a TIGIT program that we're also advancing in non-small cell lung cancer and small lung cancer. So, the field will have to sort of see as the data evolves, how much does TIGIT add to PD-1 in the lung space. But I do want to make a broader sort of comment, which is you'll see movements in TIGIT that was recently movement in PD-1, and CPLA4 and PD-1 and LAG-3. What you recognize as each of those combinations, what they do is if you're able to show a benefit of the additional agent, it doesn't have as broad of an impact as PD-1 has in many different tumors. And so, one of the things that I think is important to highlight is our strategy is not to just be invested in LAG-3, not to be just invested in CPLA4, not be just invested in TIGIT, but to be invested in all three and to focus them in specific tumor types.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. So thank you so much for that question in relationship to sotatercept. So just to reemphasize, we have three different trials, all driving towards somewhat different outcomes, the six-minute walk, which is the STELLAR trial. There's also time to clinical worsening, and then there's also even harder outcomes past that. And as you point out, each one of those is sort of ratcheting up what sotatercept can do. In relationship to the first one, which is STELLAR, which is related to what you said, the six-minute walk test, where we saw actually quite impressive data and relationships to the Phase II, we have very committed patient groups as well as sites who are very well trained in how to do these trials. And the Phase II was really nice data. And the fundamental issue is that we are confident that many of those same sites that were involved with the Phase II are involved with Phase III. So I think we're confident we'll see what that data is. But the best predictor of how well we can manage those trials is really the best indicator is the Phase II, and we're using very many sites and the investigators. So, we have great confidence in that.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes, thank you very much for that question. In relationship to sort of just earlier stage in lung cancer, I think it's really important to emphasize there's a series of different ways to approach it. One is neoadjuvant, adjuvant. One is adjuvant. And I just think all of these signals just demonstrate throughout a variety of different studies just the impact that PD-1s can have. So our point of view of it is it shouldn't change our strategy. It should just make our strategy pretty comprehensive. The fundamental thing is we have KEYNOTE-091, which is in the adjuvant, so that's post-surgery, and that's usually given by a medical oncologist, the disease-free survival was positive in all comers regardless of PD-L1. There was a trend to TPS greater than 50%, but not statistically significant. And OS, it was a favorable trend regardless of PD-L1. So we'll be letting that data mature as we continue to discuss with the FDA. But going -- to your point, it's not just KEYNOTE-091. It's KEYNOTE-671. It's KEYNOTE-867. It's KEYLYNK-012. It's all in the earlier stage. So our desire to really push that earlier stage is going to be -- if anything, our commitment towards that is even greater. The one thing I would just add in relationship to some of the comments that Caroline and Rob made is that I think it's very important to think about melanoma renal cell carcinoma and triple-negative breast cancer, where at least my experience being in the hospital, there's a concept of really looking at that earlier stage. And I think uptake may be sort of built in the medical system. I think all of us, including us and other companies as well as patient advocacies and medical centers are going to have to require diligent investment to really, really maximize the important scientific impacts of KEYTRUDA and PD-1s and PD-L1s in the early lung space.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. So let me just step back for just a moment. The benefit risk of whether its platelet or coagulation factors in terms of clotting is something that's actually very topical in the news. I would just emphasize for years, for probably a decade or more, aspirin has been just everywhere. And recently, people realize the benefit risk one has to be very careful. There's been a major change in the guideline. So that impacts how I think about it. The other sort of thing the impact is, if you look at Factor XI, the fundamental advantage of that is that you can get blockage of the coagulation cascade with, by genetic, very little impact in relationship to adverse effects. And so for me, the critical thing is to prove that as quickly as possible. So, we immediately go, where's the problem, where thrombosis and bleeding is both impacted there. And so, that's why we ran the end stage renal disease. But I could see in the future mechanical devices, one of my favorite sort of things is left ventricular assist device, I think that will continue to need to be monitored in the future. So that's a place where the risk of bleeding and the risk of thrombosis is really high, where we have chosen to be a little bit careful is, for example, broader sort of things such as atrial fibrillation and the risk relationship to stroke because we look at the Factor X as very effective. There are bleeding complications, but to make a safety argument for it, you're talking about a very, very large trial. So, we are racing to places where the benefit risk of thrombosis and clotting and bleeding, where that differential would make something like a Factor XI have the biggest impact.
Dr. Dean Li: Yes. First of all, we need to get the data to demonstrate that we have an advantage in the different patient populations. But I think you point out a really important point, which is essentially what we're trying to do is for, lack of a better word, we're -- if you want to call it, precision-targeted vaccinations, right? So the fundamental thing is B114 is adult approved and we're driving towards a pediatric approval for the 15 valent. And so, that will be in the pediatric population. In the V116, where we have a breakthrough designation, we're trying to demonstrate that we can target 85% of the residual serotypes. And I would just sit there and tell you it would be eight unique serotypes in relationship to all the different currently approved ones. And I think that patient population, I reflect a little bit about COVID, but it's that older population that especially has the risk factors who you really want to make sure that, that whole population, that adult population is covered. And so, I do think the fundamental thing is we'll have to have the data, but our concept is the adult have a different set of serotypes and they need to be protected, and we'll have to get the data to demonstrate that. But I think if we can demonstrate it, the uptake will be quite good.
Dr. Dean Li: All right. So, let me just sort of separate. So we always talk about expand, deepen and extend. And when we talk about deepen, we're trying to get a deeper response with PD-1s. And there's a series of things that we do with what I call non-I-O agents, which is chemotherapy, we're doing stuff with many other people as well as ourselves with ADCs. There are RAS programs that are advancing. So, we think that sort of combination, there's large precedents throughout our portfolio already, and there will continue to be. And that's also true with Lenvima and Lynparza. The specific question I think you're driving to is combinations of I-O with I-O agents and LAG-3, CTLA-4 and TIGIT. So at least in our mind, we do recognize that there was demonstration of LAG-3 adding to PD-1 in melanoma. And I think that's an important signal for us. Where we focused our efforts to LAG-3 is in MSS CRC. So we know that PD-1s work in MSI high, and no one's really been able to crack MFS CRC. So, that's very important and also in classic Hodgkin. I would say, in relationships with CTLA-4, there was recent data with HCC. I would make a comment that I think would make some of the people from Merck smile a little bit, we were the ones who actually did the study with PD-1 and CTLA-4 in relationship to lung. And we could not show a clear contribution of component of CTLA-4 over PD-1. So, that is not a place that we think is an important place for patients, and that is not a place that we're going because we have -- we did this study to demonstrate that. Where we think there could be is, clearly, other people have recently released HDC. We're focused in, for example, in renal cell carcinoma. And then PD-1 and TIGIT, our initial focus is in non-small cell lung cancer and also small cell lung. And we're advancing a series of trials in that. So, I hope that gave a comprehensive view of LAG-3, CTLA-4 and TIGIT in relationship to ILT4, other checkpoint inhibitors, such as CD27 or in relationship to cytokines. I think the data that we're doing in earlier stages will have to play out for us to be able to answer that more completely.
Rob Davis: Great. Chris, thanks for the question. Yes, on the BD landscape question, the short answer is we are not seeing a fundamental shift in seller expectations as of this point. I think as time continues, if we see the market reset to become more permanent and more importantly, if the IPO market continues to be challenged for biotech companies, that might change over time as companies become more cash constrained. There are some smaller players that do have cash challenges. So I think that's where you could see movement first. But fundamentally, we've not seen a change in the landscape yet. We'll have to continue to watch. With regards to the Animal Health business, our view continues to be that the Animal Health business, as you said, is core to the Company. It's core to our strategy as part of a growth driver for the Company. But as we've always said, we look at this regularly. We always are challenging ourselves to ask, what is the long-term value creation opportunity of this business in our hands relative to what would be outside of the Company? And on a long-term view, we continue to believe it is best in our hands as part of the Company. But if that situation evolves, we obviously will continue to be objective in how we analyze that. But we do not look at the short-term the arbitrage opportunity for us. It's more about the long-term value creation, and that has not changed as of now.
Rob Davis: Yes. So Chris, this is Rob. Maybe I'll take the first part of the question then Caroline can jump in for the second part. On the strength of the growth we're seeing in the United States, this is really a testament to what we've been talking about all along, which is as we continue to roll out new indications, we are continuing to see our share grow as the leading I-O agent. And importantly, I would highlight that the growth we saw among other things in the quarter, continuation of our position in renal cell carcinoma, continuation of the growth we're seeing in head and neck. In RCC, obviously, being a first-line treatment in the metastatic setting as well as now having adjuvant therapy as well, we've covered pretty much the waterfront of RCC, and we have the opportunity to continue to grow there. But the standout frankly, for the quarter, and it's, I think, really important to understand is triple-negative breast cancer, both in the metastatic setting and in the adjuvant setting. We are seeing incredible growth in that space and it's something that we feel very proud of because I think we're going to have a meaningful difference there. The reason I highlight that is both -- if you look at the adjuvant opportunity there and the growth we're getting as well, as I mentioned, in adjuvant RCC, I think it just reinforces what we see as the future, which is the growth contribution from the earlier lines of therapy long term. But with that, maybe Caroline can be specific to some of the guidance we've provided.
Rob Davis: Well, just let me say thank you for your time and your interest today. And I'd just like to conclude by again thanking the Merck team globally for their focus and commitment and really in driving the results you've heard about today, but continuing to ensure when we keep the purpose of the Company front and center, which is to deliver for patients. Hopefully, you get the sense, we are very confident in the business momentum we have. And I'd like to say as well we are feeling better and better about the evolution of our pipeline and things you've heard today, we're starting to expand. We're doing all of the things we need to do. We have more to do, but we're making great progress. And that's why I have such confidence in the sustainability of our business long term. So, we look forward to continuing to share these results with you to deliver for the patients that count on us and in turn bring value to the shareholders. So with that, I'd say thank you and have a great day.
