Alex Kelly: Thanks, Christine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Merck's first quarter 2012 conference call. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I'd like to mention a few housekeeping items. First, there are a number of items in the GAAP results this quarter such as acquisition-related charges and restructuring costs and certain other items, and you should note that we have excluded those items in our non-GAAP reconciliation tables and we've put those in the press release and also in Table 2, so that you can get a better sense of the true underlying performance. Next, we've also provided tables to help you understand the revenue trends, so there are tables with the GAAP results, and then there are also tables that -- Table 2, which reconciles GAAP P&L to non-GAAP, and Table 3 provides the sales performance of the company business and the units. During the call, we're going to primarily refer to Table 2 and Table 3 when we talk about performance. Finally, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements we make during today's call might be considered forward-looking statements. And as such, such statements are based upon the current beliefs of management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. The company's SEC filings, including our 10-K which was filed for 2011 back at the end of February, identifies certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from any projected this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement and you can find our SEC filings, as well as today's earnings release and tables on our website at merck.com. This morning I'm joined by Ken Frazier, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board; Adam Schechter, our President of Global Human Health; and Peter Kellogg, our Chief Financial Officer. Now I'd like to introduce Ken Frazier.
Alex Kelly: Thanks, Peter. Now we'd like to open up the call to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Christie, we're ready to take our Q&A.
Alex Kelly: So Catherine on -- this is Alex. On the PD-1, I believe there's going to be an abstract presented at ASCO, so it's pretty early phase for us right now, but it's certainly an interesting area, and it's something that we'll be interested to see as that data is presented at ASCO, how the oncologists are starting to think about that class. On odanacatib, there's no publication at this point on the real background of these patients, but I think we have some information provided relative to the power of the study, but there's no baseline study in terms of characteristics of the patients that's been studied published so far.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So first of all, Jami, thanks for your questions. So what I would say is that first of all we, as I said a few minutes ago, we are pleased with the assets that we have in the company's business portfolio and we believe that both Animal Health and Consumer Care complement our human health business and contribute to the top and bottom line growth and you saw this quarter Consumer Care grew 7%, Animal Health grew 8%. So I think what we're trying to do around here is focus on creating long-term shareholder value and we believe that both Animal Health and Consumer Care can help contribute to that. For us though, I think we believe that our R&D pipeline is the most undervalued and underappreciated part of our business, and we are committed to unlocking the value that we believe that pipeline represents, and data from important clinical trials that are coming due in 2012 and 2013 should help in that regard. So once again, what we're trying to do is to create long-term shareholder value. We look at our assets and we try to determine where we can create the most value going forward.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Thanks for the question, Chris, and I would say that long term, I do believe that Merck can continue to hold a very strong part of the DPP-4 market despite having multiple competitors, and Adam will give you his views as to exactly why that's the case.
Kenneth C. Frazier: I'd also add that we have continued to work very hard on making the right kinds of manufacturing enhancements and investments that are necessary to increase our long-term supply of ZOSTAVAX, and we're encouraged by the progress that we're seeing right now. And we expect additional varicella bulk capacity of production this year and next year, and I think this will give us the confidence to enable the expansion of ZOSTAVAX in the U.S., as well as in additional markets overseas.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So on Odanacatib, Steve, there's a -- our 2 interim looks at our plans for the trial. We have one interim planned at 70% of the events, and one interim will get 85% of the event, and I would just say there's nothing to report at this time on that trial.
Kenneth C. Frazier: It's Ken. So I'll start with VYTORIN. We believe we have a very strong case. We believe this is a patent that is valid and enforceable, and we believe that the court heard the evidence well, and we are anticipating a favorable decision in this case. And so that's the basis upon which we look at how we will go and deal with that going forward.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay. Thanks, Mark, for the question. Let me first start with the patterns of the SG&A and R&D spend that you are seeing over the last few quarters. What we've tried to say is that we will look for the right opportunities to invest in launches, for example, DTC on the SG&A side and of course, there's a normal up and down that goes on in the clinical programs in our R&D budget. So I would say that we will see some up and down around that to trend over. Overall, we've been trying to show much more efficiency going forward and you may see some seasonal timing changes, but our goal is to tightly manage our cost structure going forward. That's the best that I can say on that. On the dividend issue, as you know, we have a long history of returning cash to our shareholders, and we did increase the dividend back in January. At the same time, we've been very active in our share repurchases, buying back about $450 million worth of shares in this past quarter. So I would just say we don't have a set dividend policy, but we intend to remain shareholder-friendly in terms of returning cash to shareholders, while at the same time building and maintaining a very strong financial profile and business profile.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Well, I would say that on the OTC question, we don't see any real guidance from the FDA that changes our perspective on this. Obviously, it's a product-by-product decision that the FDA will make, and we continue to see that. With our product portfolio, there will be opportunities going forward, but I can't say that anything's changed in terms of our logic as it relates to the consumer business in the OTC business going forward. The other question, I believe, had to do with our perspective on building out our diabetes franchise. What I would say about that is, as I've said earlier with respect to the other areas where we want to compete going forward, we are going to look for opportunities to build out our portfolio in the near term and the longer term, as long as those opportunities will help us have market leadership. We want to find assets that will grow, and we also want to find assets that we can buy or bring in on a basis that provides us an opportunity to create long-term shareholder value. So diabetes is a critical area for us. It's one of the ones that we are -- intend to be winners in, in the long run.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So I'll start off, and then I'll let Adam fill in. The first thing that I think has been true for Merck is that our sweet spot is really coming to market with new science and clinical differentiation. And I think that's going to be true for both of these medicines, notwithstanding the fact that there are generic competitors in the marketplace both on sleep, as well as osteoporosis. So with respect to the sleep compounds, we have a number of attributes. We've pointed out that we have good sleep offset efficacy, good sleep maintenance efficacy, lack of meaningful next-day residual effects and a safety profile allowing for chronic use, and about 30% of the patients who are in this market need chronic sleep therapy. So we think that Suvorexant comes to market in a way that's differentiated for people who have to travel, people who have to use sleep medication, not having that drowsiness. Those next-day residual effects are important to them. We have data with respect to drivers, where we see that it really does make a difference. On odanacatib, I'd start by saying that a quarter of all the women who are eligible for osteoporosis treatment cannot tolerate bisphosphonate. There's also declining use of bisphosphonate due to some concerns that have been raised around long-term safety, and what we have here is a unique mechanism that shows positive trends beyond what the bisphosphonates provide. We're actually expecting also to have a fracture outcomes trial, which should read out in 2013, which should demonstrate the benefit of this product vis-à-vis the bisphosphonate. This is a classic example of what I was saying before that if people just focus on the differential in cost, they're missing the differential and efficacy and the consequences that come from things like hip fractures later, which are debilitating to women.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Yes, in the study, it's 90% power to detect a 35% reduction in the relative risk of hip fracture. I also would answer your other question, Catherine, about market research by saying that we have been interacting with key opinion leaders in the osteoporosis field. And remember, this is a field that Merck essentially pioneered a number of years ago with FOSAMAX. And what those opinion leaders are telling us is that they're extraordinarily excited by what they see in odanacatib. They're glad that Merck stayed in this field, that there is a need for an improved set of therapies for these women. Women are living longer, they are living -- they want to be independent longer and these fractures, whether they're vertebral fractures or hip fractures are in fact really big issues for those women and for societal cost in terms of people going in a long-term care, et cetera. So we're very pleased to be in these marketplaces. Again, I will come back and say that I think osteoporosis is a field where there's still very much unmet need. So let me close by saying a couple of things. First of all, thank you for hearing us out this morning. We said from the very beginning that our ultimate goal would be to create long-term shareholder value, and that we thought the way that we needed to do that was to have sustainable revenue growth and faster growth on the bottom line. And I think this quarter was another quarter where we showed that profile. And importantly, in a year in which we're losing our biggest product, SINGULAIR, we see strong portfolio performance across our key growth drivers. And going forward, we look forward to multiple pipeline catalysts in 2012 and 2013. So thank you very much for your attention, and I look forward to seeing you soon.
Adam H. Schechter: Jami, with regard to your question, so first of all, there was a lot of interesting assets in HCV as the science continues to move forward. And as you look for shorter, better-tolerated, more effective therapies, it was absolutely exciting at EASL for sure, and what EASL did -- showed us is that there's a need for multiple mechanisms and that there is room for improvement. Our hepatitis C strategy in the short term is to maximize VICTRELIS. It's remarkable to think that we can now get up to a 70% cure rate and thinking just several years ago, that cure rate was closer to 35%, so we've basically doubled the cure rate, but we're also aggressively pursuing new, more convenient and interferon-free therapies. We're focusing on MK-5172 either in combination with other internal candidates. So you saw our NS5A data in Phase I. So we're also looking for partnerships with others, so it goes to develop an oral regimen, you want to maximize sBR, shorten duration of therapy and minimize side effects, and we believe that 5172 has a great profile and it could be the partner protease inhibitor of choice for oral combination regimens, and we don't comment on our business development. But as you can imagine, we're in discussions with multiple potential opportunities.
Adam H. Schechter: So thanks for the question, Chris. And I think the first thing to note is that we do have a 75% share with DPP-4 class. And if you look at the U.S., we have an 80% share. In Japan, we have about 70% share. In some markets, we already have 5 competitors in that class, and we're still able to maintain our share. I think that positions are very comfortable with the efficacy profile and the safety profile of JANUVIA. And if you look at the data we have, it shows that JANUVIA maximizes the mechanism. They really see that the efficacy you can get from this mechanism, you can see from JANUVIA. And when you combine that with the safety profile, you have to ask why would there be a need to use anything other than JANUVIA. The other key thing is that sulfonylurea still have 37% patient days of therapy. So it represents a very big opportunity for us to continue to move into other classes and continue to have strong DPP-4 growth. Therefore, I think the future potential is still very, very strong. And that's what makes me excited about 3102 in our pipeline because I believe ultimately, when you move to a once-weekly DPP-4 inhibitor, that's could even penetrate into other classes such as sulfonylureas even more. So we remain excited, we remain committed and we have significant support that we book behind JANUVIA.
Adam H. Schechter: Just let me address ISENTRESS. So ISENTRESS remains a very important product. And when you think about ISENTRESS, the amount of efficacy data that we have, the safety data that we have, the drug interaction data that we have, it all is very important, particularly as more and more HIV patients are living longer and have comorbidities. So it's now about 70% of patients have comorbidities while they're on ISENTRESS. I think a VIP drug in this class will be okay because many of these patients are taking multiple drugs already. But in addition to that, you'd have to trade-off the long-term safety, efficacy and tolerability data that you have with ISENTRESS for a newer drug with a lot of unknowns. So I believe trading-off once a day versus a very well known product that has a long history is not something that we're concerned about, particularly with the Quad. We think that having 2 drugs in the Quad, a boosting agent that hasn't been utilized or a new integrase inhibitor versus staying with ISENTRESS, which has such long data with it, we'll continue to be successful with ISENTRESS.
Adam H. Schechter: Okay, so let me start with ZOSTAVAX. So quarter 1 sales were $76 million, most of which was in the United States. And as I said before, it was going to take a quarter or 2 before we can actually see revenues predictive of demand. We wanted to wait until we had enough supply to feel confident to really start to generate additional demand and run our direct-to-consumer advertising, which you saw we just started to run very recently. We now have about 4 months of supply in the market -- available to us for the marketplace, so we were confident that we can start to run our direct-to-consumer advertising that we can increase our promotional efforts behind ZOSTAVAX. So it really is going to take us another 3 to 6 months to have a much better understanding of the underlying demand. But there really is a large unmet medical need that still exists. If you look at data from the CDC in 2010, only 15% of the 60-plus age group has been vaccinated with ZOSTAVAX. So as we continue to build demand, we think that there's a lot of opportunity here.
Adam H. Schechter: So if you look at the emerging markets, if you remove REMICADE from the relinquished territories in emerging markets, we had 9% sales growth or 11% x exchange. I think it's important to note, though, if you excluded China from that number, we still had 10% growth with Rx in all the other emerging markets combined. So the emerging market strength is broad across the emerging markets.
Adam H. Schechter: So let me start with Japan. So our sales grew 9% this quarter, up 4% x exchange. And there were 4 items that affected our sales this quarter. The first one is the buy-in of price decrease, as well as some lower inventory levels. If you look at the average reduction across products in the national registry in Japan, it's about 6%. Our buy-in of price decrease was about the same as that. Also, I mentioned that there was a stronger allergy season in the first quarter of 2011 versus 2012. We also had supply sales our current marketing partner recorded in the fourth quarter of 2011. That happens every other quarter, so we didn't have supply sales for JANUVIA in the first quarter of this year. And then the last thing, if you remember, the beginning of last year after the first quarter, we mentioned that there was buy-in of about $50 million in Japan that did not occur this year. So there's some reasons why the growth in Japan was 9% versus some -- if you look at fourth quarter in particular. But with that said, we see continued growth for a lot of our top-selling brands. We see a lot of growth for JANUVIA, for ZETIA, for BRIDION, and we're still just launching GARDASIL as we speak. So there's still a lot to move forward there. With regard to GARDASIL, we still have a lot of growth that we can continue. We're seeing strength in vaccinations of males. It's very hard to tell exactly how much is coming just from males. The data is not easy to get. Based on the latest sector claims, which is about 50% of sales that go through the private sector, the first phase of GARDASIL is among adolescents of 11 to 18, of males is about 30% of the first dose claims. That's the best data we have to try to give an indication of what that means and what the penetration to males is, so that was not exact. The penetration, we believe, is still less than 20% overall in males.
Adam H. Schechter: So let me start with your question on VICTRELIS. And if you look at VICTRELIS, there's still a significant number of physicians that have not yet prescribed either of the 2 protease inhibitors. In fact, of the -- anywhere from 9,000 to 11,000 physicians that prescribe these products, there's still about 3,500 to 4,000 that we see in the IMS data that have not yet prescribed. So we think that there is still significant room to get additional physicians to prescribe the product. In addition to that, there were some other prescribing physicians that had written for Incivek, but not yet VICTRELIS. And we're seeing an increase in the number of physicians that are writing for both products now, so we still have room to get additional physicians that have not yet prescribed VICTRELIS, but have prescribed Incivek to move over and try both of those agents. So I think they both represent significant opportunities, getting new physicians to begin to treat, and then getting physicians who have not yet used it, but are treating to use VICTRELIS. With regard to our oncology strategy, it really is to look at patient subpopulations that we can define and use biomarkers in order to treat those patients. If you look at the licensing deal that Ken mentioned with Endocyte, that's exactly the types of products that we're looking for because we believe that by identifying targeted therapy, we can get better payer payments, we can get better treatment rates, and we can actually increase our ability to penetrate into the marketplaces. So we really are building our pipeline. There's data coming out of ASCO on a variety of our programs of targeted therapies, and we're excited about our future in oncology.
Peter N. Kellogg: So I can take the AstraZeneca LP joint venture question. Steve, I appreciate the interest in that. Obviously, that's an event -- that's a relationship that's been great long-term and there's this option coming up shortly. And I think what we've tried to do is provide the financial profile of what the business looks like, and give you some sense of how to think about it in the future if the option is exercised. But in terms of strategic implications, I do apologize. I think that -- I would suggest that you address those questions to our partner, and get a sense of how they might take about that. I think one of the nice things about this relationship is it is one that's been well designed. I think the relationship of how it moves forward is pretty well articulated. So we'll just wait to hear from our partner.
Peter N. Kellogg: Sure. On the REMICADE biosimilar question for Europe, so I think there's a lot of news flow out there in terms of different companies are developing biosimilar, and I think it's just sort of a triangulation. We actually think the REMICADE position is quite unique. It's a very strong therapy and it's used in a particular way for the group of patients or the user. Clearly, biosimilars is an opportunity everywhere around the world, but I think actually we're optimistic REMICADE simply will hold a nice position over there. I think the patent goes out to August 2014, and so that would be roughly what we'd be thinking about. But nonetheless, we'll see how things evolve. On the emerging market one, why don't I let Adam take that.
Peter N. Kellogg: So John, this is Peter. During the first quarter, we purchased a little over 12 million shares, which was about $450 million of spend. And I think you'd note that that's pretty similar to the trend we had last year.
Peter N. Kellogg: So you're talking about the IMPROVE-IT trial. So what we know from the DSMB is that they have looked at the data, the 75% look. They recommended the trial continue on unchanged, which now they have quite a few years worth of data in this program, and they've asked that they -- or suggested they will take another look at 9 months, and that's the extent of the details that we have regarding the -- the next IMPROVE-IT look.
Peter N. Kellogg: Yes, so in terms of the odanacatib look, those interim looks could take place this year, but the timing is really dependent on the occurrence rate for the events. The thing I would note is that we would plan to file that odanacatib in 2013 regardless of whether we get a successful interim look or whether the trial goes to completion. So our timing is set on 2013. And it's really unclear whether we could see any data this year from that trial unless there's some kind of outcome from the interim looks, but we'll keep you informed about that going forward.
