Robert M. Davis: Thanks, Adam, and good morning everyone. As Ken and Adam shared with you, our results this quarter demonstrate our ability to simultaneously grow our businesses and effectively reduce our cost base. We continue to remain focused on transforming our operating model, achieving our cost reduction targets and ensuring we have a leveraged P&L. This morning I will provide some additional detail on the quarter and comment on our outlook for the rest of the year. My remarks will focus on our non-GAAP financials. Total company revenues were $9.4 billion for the quarter, a decrease of 8% year-over-year, which includes a negative five-percentage point impact from foreign exchange. The 5% impact from exchange is net of a 2% hedging benefit we realized in the quarter. Our sales decline reflects approximately $700 million of lower revenue from divestitures, including the sale of our consumer care business to Bayer as well is $379 million in decline in other revenue in the quarter due to the termination of the AstraZeneca JV and the sale of U.S. SAPHRIS rights. The overall top line decline was partially offset by a $208 million increase in revenue from the integration of the Cubist portfolio following the close of the transaction in late January. Excluding these items and the impact of foreign exchange, the underlying base business grew 6% in the quarter. As Adam stated, our sales growth in the pharmaceutical business was driven by growth across our core therapeutic areas of diabetes, hospital acute care, oncology and vaccines. Our animal health business delivered another strong quarter of growth with revenue of $829 million, an increase of 13% year-over-year excluding exchange. The growth this quarter was primarily driven by our companion animal business, reflecting the continued strong launch of BRAVECTO. We're excited about the progress we've made in this first full year of BRAVECTO's launch. Now moving to expenses, gross margin was 76.5% in the quarter, which represents a 240 basis point increase year-over-year driven by product mix, including the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange. We now expect full-year gross margin to be approximately 100 basis points higher versus 2014. Marketing and administrative expenses were $354 million lower in the quarter driven by declines in direct selling costs and net favorability from acquisitions and divestitures. We remain focused on funding opportunities for growth while reducing our overall cost base. Overall, we continue to expect a decline in marketing and administrative expenses compared to 2014. Research and development expenses were $1.7 billion in the quarter, $149 million higher than prior-year, driven primarily by licensing costs incurred in the quarter. We continue to expect a modest increase in R&D expense versus prior-year. We expect total company operating expenses to be lower versus last year and we remain on track to reduce our operating expense by $2.5 billion compared to 2012 by the end of this year. Other income and expense was $69 million of expense in the quarter compared with income in the prior-year primarily due to a nonrecurring gain from the divestiture of Sirna in 2014. Finally, regarding our tax rate, our non-GAAP effective tax rate this quarter was 22.4%. We continue to anticipate the tax rate for the full-year to be between 22% and 23%. Taken together, we earned $0.85 per share in the first quarter, which reflects strong operational performance as well as $0.06 benefit due to higher equity income from our research investment fund, revenue hedging gains, and other one-time items. This compares to $0.88 per share in the prior-year, which included $0.11 of gains from the sale of U.S. SAPHRIS rights and the divestiture of Sirna. Turning to our outlook for the year, we now expect the strengthening U.S. dollar to have a roughly $2.8 billion impact on our full-year sales results. Despite additional FX pressure, we are maintaining our sales guidance of $38.3 billion to $39.8 billion. Now regarding EPS, we continue to expect FX to have a $0.27 impact in 2015. We anticipate that most of that impact will occur in the remainder of the year. In light of our strong first-quarter performance, tempered by our nonoperational gains this quarter, and the anticipated incremental negative impact of FX we now expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $3.35 to $3.48 which reflects an increase from our prior guidance. In summary, we're off to a strong start in 2015. As we continue to focus on execution we are seeing the benefit of our efforts in revenue growth in core products and markets, a lower cost base, and this first wave of innovation and new product launches. Lastly, as I previously mentioned, we remain on track to achieve our cost reduction goals by the end of 2015. Now I will turn the call over to Roger.
Robert M. Davis: Good morning, Jami. With your question on the hedging, it's a little less than the number you quoted but generally you understand it correctly. It flows pretty consistently from the revenue down to earnings and as you look for the rest of the year, obviously it will depend on where currency rates end up. But assuming they continue where they are today, you should expect to see a proportion of benefits similar to what you saw in Q1 for the remainder of the quarters.
Robert M. Davis: And then with your question to product gross margin, if you look at the gross margin in the quarter, it grew about 240 basis points. And one of the major impacts was the fact that we had the divestitures of MCC and some of the other products, so the change in product mix. But if you look at it, a little less than half would have been coming from the benefit of FX.
Robert M. Davis: So if maybe I will take the second question first, and then we can jump into the Cubist question, as well. So if you look at other revenue in the quarter, it's really probably worth unpacking it a little bit because while in some ways it looks like a decline year-on-year, I would have you recall that in the first quarter of last year, we did have the gain from the sale of the U.S. SAPHRIS rights as well as the fact that we do have AstraZeneca joint venture revenues that were in that line that no longer repeat. So in reality, we did see year-on-year an increase of about $250 million in that line. And if you look at it from that perspective, the vast majority of that was FX hedging gains we had in the quarter, as well as we did have the third-party manufacturing sales as a result of the MCC divestiture we still were supplying Bayer, and that sits in that line, and then we had alliance revenue. So those really are what drive the change in other revenue, but the single biggest piece of it, if you look at it year-on-year or frankly sequentially, is going to be the foreign currency hedge gains we had. And then with regard to the Cubist accretion, recall when we gave the guidance on this deal earlier, we said we would expect it to be modestly accretive in 2015, and that continues to be the case.
Robert M. Davis: And, John, with your question regarding Zilmax, recall that we voluntarily withdrew that product. Right now we are in the midst of trying to work through an infield study working with our industry partners and given the timing of that we really can't speculate when we'll be back in the market. We're continuing to work through that, but right now for purposes of how we'd look at the year, I would not assume any Zilmax.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Tim, it's Roger. First of all with respect to KEYTRUDA in lung, of course the entire data set, the totality of our data, has been filed with the FDA. And in those data, as I've said previously, what we know is that patients who have a high proportion of tumor cells expressing PD-L1, experience a higher likelihood of response. And in fact, the response rates for those who are above the 50% representation are really very significant. But that doesn't mean that patients with low or even no visible PD-L1 expression failed to respond, inevitably. There are responses in those patient populations as well, and I would expect that the labeling would want to capture that information to best advise physicians as they make decisions about how to treat their patients.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Finally, Tim, with respect to HCV and our breakthrough designation, the breakthrough designation provides a mechanism whereby we can work closely with the FDA to design studies and our filings because the FDA recognizes, we believe, and the FDA recognizes that our therapy, our HCV therapy, has the potential to provide meaningful and important benefits to an underserved population. However, the data set that we submit is the entire data set, and it is that entire data set that they will review. And that data set, as you know from the EASL meetings, and from what we've published, and from other presentations, spans the entire range of HCV infection.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Chris, with respect to BACE, as you know, of course, our BACE inhibitor is currently under study in two large Phase 3 trials, one in patients with mild to moderate cognitive impairment and the other in patients with prodromal disease. The data set from Biogen, which, as you know and as they characterize, is a small data set, is intriguing because it appears to show that there can be a dose response curve for plaque reduction using an antibody directed against Abeta. The data with respect to cognitive improvement, of course, are, as everyone has commented, immature. I think what we would say is to the extent that one believes that actually reducing Abeta and plaque has an effect on cognitive function, we feel very good about our clinical trials. However, the trials are the trials. We wait to see how they develop and we are eager to understand whether we can have an impact on this horrible disease.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Okay. Mark, so first of all, there is no yes or no answer to your question about FDA labeling. The FDA will make its own decision based on the data which you've seen and which we presented. I think that the data with respect to KEYTRUDA in lung cancer speaks for itself and FDA will want to inform physicians of the actual information that's available so that they can make their best judgments, and we'll see how that turns out. I can't predict yes or no what exactly that labeling language will look like. So that's the first answer. With respect to the issue of TECOS, just to take that off the table, again, with respect to heart failure hospitalization the results in the two arms were balanced. They were completely balanced. That's, I think, all you need to know.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Jami, I have confidence that the data that we have provided to the FDA are registration worthy. We've identified a population of patients for whom we received breakthrough designation. We've had lots of discussions with the FDA. I think we recognize the benefit that inures to these patients from treatment with KEYTRUDA and we'll move forward on that basis. With respect to the European filing, of course, as I mentioned, and as you know, KEYTRUDA's under review in Europe for melanoma and while that review process continues we'll wait and sit back and once we know what that answer is we'll be in a position to file with respect to non-small cell lung cancer.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Marc, with respect to – you had two questions. First, with regard to our doublet treatment of HCV, and spoke of limitations, I actually think the data are extremely strong, and they are especially strong actually in patients that are difficult to treat who have for a variety of reasons fit into the category where it's difficult to get therapy to result in sustained virologic response. So I actually think the totality of the data set, and it's a very large data set, is really quite strong. I don't see it as limited in that way. With respect to BRIDION, we think our data set well characterizes the hypersensitivity reactions that can occur with BRIDION administration. FDA is eager to get additional information about that study in particular, which they have asked for sensitivity analyses about, and they also intend to scrutinize the data from each individual site. And as soon as we can get that done, I'm hopeful that we and they will agree that BRIDION is appropriate for the U.S. market, but it's important that they have their questions answered, and we're doing everything we can to get those answers to them.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Gregg, with respect to therapy for melanoma, just to elevate a little bit, the good news is that more and more profound results are being obtained in patients who previously had no hope of treatment. And the results that we saw with KEYTRUDA monotherapy versus ipilimumab, previously the best available therapy for people with advanced disease, were so impressive that the Data Monitoring Committee had to stop the study early for a difference that emerged very early with respect to overall survival. So that's very good news. The question is can we get beyond what we see with monotherapy in combination therapies and do better yet? And for there, first of all we need to see direct comparisons between the combination of a PD-1 directed therapy plus, let's say, a CTLA-4 directed therapy versus a PD-1 directed therapy alone. We are doing such studies. Bristol-Myers is doing such studies. We'll have an opportunity to see what those kinds of data look like, and that will be important. And beyond that there are other combinations, which may prove to be attractive, and we and others are pursuing those as well. I see a better bright future for this, and I think we're going to continue to make strides. The platform of PD-1 directed therapy is, I believe, foundational for the treatment of this malignancy and for many others, and we're going to see further advances over the next few years; all good news. With respect to cardiovascular disease, obviously we're doing a great deal. One of the things that we have been working on is the soluble guanylate cyclase activators. As a result of our recent interaction, we now have access to Adempas and in addition, we have a set of other compounds which come from Bayer and from us too, which address a whole family of interesting potential indications in that area. So we are doing a lot of work in cardiovascular research, and we're finding (48:38).
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yes, Alex. It is a changing environment and data are coming in very, very rapidly. I think it's important to recognize that these studies are conducted around the world, in a variety of jurisdictions where we are at different stages in terms of the availability of PD-1 directed therapies. As is typical in such cases there are opportunities to do studies directly comparing the therapies that exist locally. There are important questions that are being asked in KEYNOTE-024, and so we are eager to see those studies completed and to be able to present those data.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yeah, so for KEYTRUDA and the KEYTRUDA review, I just would say that Dr. Pazdur speaks for himself. He is the head of the oncology review division, and he's made plain that he is eager to advance these programs as best he can working with his colleagues. He spoke at the meeting (54:28) directly to this point. We've tried to provide the agency with the information they need to make their decision, but it is their decision. I really can't speculate on timing. With HCV with respect to filing, again, we will file by midyear.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And just to follow up on that, Seamus. This is Roger. As you know the duration of therapy in our clinical trials is two years because there is no marker that we can follow in responding patients that would tell us that it is essential to maintain the drug in order to keep the response, and that's one of the questions that is continuing to be explored in additional studies across the entire program. And then with respect to anacetrapib, the protocol revision that has been proposed by the steering committee, assuming that it is accepted by governing bodies, will delay by a few months the first interim analysis but it's not going to affect the conduct of the study at all, which is proceeding exactly as planned and is, of course, end-point driven.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yeah, so for the hep C program, the question is, of course, can we – we have a terrific set of data that we presented with respect to doublet, and we've talked previously about developing a triplet therapy which would be pan-genotypic, shorter duration and could be used irrespective of comorbidity. So we continue to work on that. Our triplet with 3682 is under study in Phase 2. We hope to be able to begin Phase 3 sometime perhaps in the beginning of next year or so. Data from the Phase 2 study should be available sometime around the end of this year. And once those data are available, that will help us to understand what we can do. Of course, we've already previously published data demonstrating that we can use a shorter regiment by using sofosbuvir as the nucleoside inhibitor in combination with the doublet therapy. So we have some confidence that one could do that, but it needs to be explored, of course, with 3682, and that we'll do. With respect to odanacatib, the program continues as we indicated before. We are working to adjudicate the set of adverse events that were scored in the study. It's a large study, and the adjudication process is proceeding in an independent and blinded fashion. We worked with the FDA to create that adjudication process. We hope it will be done soon and then we'll be in a position to file the drug.
Adam H. Schechter: Maybe I will take the other question with regards to the hepatitis C. I'd just remind you that as we look to file in the first half of 2015, our guidance really has multiple scenarios around how does it plays out, but it's not material this year given the timing of the launch.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, hi, Chris. This is Adam. I'll answer the question on the lung cancer market readiness. So we've been building our oncology business unit to make sure we maximize the potential of KEYTRUDA over time. And just like we were ready to launch in melanoma, we see lung cancer as a very significant opportunity for KEYTRUDA, and we will be ready to launch. Of course you'd prefer to have overall survival data to promote, but these data are maturing in our broad clinical program. We've been building our lung cancer capabilities, adding sales representatives and customer facing teams. We've been working with key scientific leaders, and we are just getting ready for the launch. In terms of competitiveness, we feel really good about the data we've shown, and if you look at the value in the PD-L1 diagnostic, I think that can really help identify patients who will have an enhanced likelihood for improved efficacy and benefit most from KEYTRUDA. And when I talk to opinion leaders but also when I've talked to governments, they see this as a way of allowing physicians to potentially have a different conversation with patients depending on their PD-L1 expression, particularly when we can see such a large effect of 45% in the high expressers, but it also allows physicians to prioritize treatment options which they're looking for. Payers around the world, particularly in Europe, have noted their interest in potential health economics and those that can be associated with identifying patients who could benefit most from KEYTRUDA and thinking about algorithms of treatment. So we feel very good about the data we have and our competitive position at this time.
Adam H. Schechter: And then, Mark, what I would say with regard to the marketplace, the first thing I'd like to say is that this is a very large market and it's not just looking at KEYTRUDA for one indication. If you look at KEYTRUDA, we're studying it over many, many different indications. I believe that this market can handle several competitors. So I don't think it should be looked at as one company versus the other, I think it should be looked at, these companies, including Merck, versus cancer and trying to change the way the world thinks about treating cancer. If you look specifically at lung, I think that having the data we have is good. I think having high expressers and understanding what the benefit is in those patient types will allow the not only physicians but payers to start to think about the treatment algorithms they want to utilize to best treat patients. But I would look at this class more like the anti-TNFs where you have multiple competitors, they all do very well, they all have strong growth, some do a little bit better in one indication than another indication, but over time there's room for multiple, multiple competitors.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, absolutely. Good morning, Marc. First of all, what I'd say is we had rapid penetration of our on-label indication, and if you look, we had sales of about $83 million. The U.S. was $66 million of that. Most of the patients that have been treating are on label. So we think about 75% of the patients are in the approved indication. This is where we promote KEYTRUDA. The NCCN coverage takes some time for physicians to become aware of and for them to adapt. I think that that will increase over time, but it's still early.
Adam H. Schechter: Hi, Gregg. The first thing is if you look at KEYTRUDA, the vast majority of formularies have put both products on formulary. And they are looking at this as a way to allow physicians to have choice. In this class, obviously, reimbursement is different, so the way in which you can contract is different than in other classes and how you might think about it. But I'd also say with so many different tumor types being developed, with so much different data by indication being developed, I think that over time there will be multiple products that will continue to be available so physicians can choose which product they want for which indication, which tumor type, and I don't see that necessarily changing right now over time.
Adam H. Schechter: And then with regard to lung, so we are ready. As soon as we have approval, as soon as the FDA provides that to us we're ready to launch. We've been building our lung capabilities. We've added sales representatives. We already have sales representative selling Emend in many of those offices already, so we've built the customer facing teams, we've begun working on our scientific platform with key scientific leaders. So we are ready as soon as Roger and the team can work with the FDA to get us approval. In terms of HCV, so we've been in this market for a long time, and if you look at our success when we launched our protease inhibitor, we did very well everywhere around the world. And if you look at markets in Europe, our market share was very high, I think higher than most people would have expected. When we no longer promoted our PI in those markets, we kept a commercial presence because we knew at some point we'd be launching again into the marketplace. So we never left the market for HCV in Europe or Japan. In fact, in Japan we continued to promote PI in that market. So we are ready for HCV. We are very excited about that opportunity, and frankly as soon as Roger and the team work with the FDA to get us approval, we'll be off to the races. We think this is a very exciting opportunity for Merck. It's an exciting opportunity for patients, and we are certainly ready.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, Seamus, so first of all with regard to KEYTRUDA, if you look at our sales, right now the vast majority of those, we believe greater than 75%, are for the approved indication in melanoma, and if you look at the break out between community-based versus not-community-based physicians, the majority of sales still are from the non-community-based physicians, from the big institutions. But you should know, we are in all the offices of not only the large institutions but the community practices as well and we continue to have a strong presence covering over 90% of the prescriptions of physicians prescribing for melanoma. In terms duration, it's just too early. In this market the data is hard to find, so it's very difficult for us to tell you how long people in the marketplace that are starting a product have continued in taking the product. So it's just very early for us to have that type of data. The data in oncology is a little bit harder to get than in primary care.
Adam H. Schechter: And Colin, in regard to the hepatitis C market, first, it's a very large market. There's more than three million patients in the U.S. alone, and there's more than 100 million patients worldwide, so we think that this will be a very big, a very important market over time. We've seen some of the pricing and contracting that's occurred in the market, but we believe that with our product, and that we're developing a highly-effective, well-tolerated ribavirin-free pan-genotypic regimen that has a minimal treatment duration for a broad variety of patients, that we can be successful in this market. And we believe that despite what's happened in the past with some of the pricing that it'll still be a very big important market for us. So we remain very excited about coming back into the hepatitis C market in the United States but also globally.
