Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Jerome, good morning. Welcome to Merck's first quarter 2020 conference call. Today, I'm joined by Ken Frazier, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Roger Perlmutter, President of Merck Research Labs; Frank Clyburn, our Chief Commercial Officer; and Mike Nally, Chief Marketing Officer.  Before I turn the call over to Ken, I'd like to point out a few items. You will see that we have items in our GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs and certain other items. You should note that we've excluded these from our non-GAAP results and provide a reconciliation in our press release. We have also provided a table in our press release to help you understand the sales in the quarter for the business units and products.  I'd like to remind you that some of the statements we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current beliefs of Merck's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in 2018 10-K identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, today's earnings release and an investor presentation with some highlights of our results are all posted on merck.com.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ken. 
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Roger. Jerome, while you line up the queue, I just want to remind everybody. Our front comments went a bit longer than normal today. We're prepared to go past 09:00 o'clock. But we do ask that you limit yourself to one or two questions so we can get as many questioners in as possible. So, thank you. Jerome, if you can line up the queue, please.
Peter Dannenbaum: Great. Thank you all for your questions and apologies to those we didn't get to. I'm going to turn it over to Ken for closing remarks.
Frank Clyburn: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. As you heard from Ken and Rob, the impact to our business from the ongoing pandemic is largely driven by a reduction in healthcare provider and patient interactions, as hospitals redirect resources toward COVID-19 and patients avoid healthcare facility visits, and postpone preventive care. To better understand the impact to Merck, it is important to highlight that our portfolio is heavily weighted towards products administered by a physician. In fact, roughly two-thirds of our global Human Health revenue is comprised of physician administered products.  Taking this a level deeper, we've seen updated guidelines and recommendations from the CDC and various professional associations, further enforced social distancing measures via delays in wellness visits and the postponement of treatment. For example, based on recommendations from the American Academy of Pediatrics and CDC, most pediatricians have pushed out the routine immunization of all children, except for those under 24 months in the United States. And in the United States physician office visits across various areas of medicine are currently running down in the neighborhoods of 70% versus pre-COVID-19 levels. As a result of these measures, we are seeing impacts to our vaccine portfolio, including the GARDASIL, PNEUMOVAX and our pediatric vaccines and to our Women's Health products in both our fertility medicines, as well as IMPLANON/NEXPLANON of physician administered implantable. Non-urgent elective procedures have also been postponed or cancelled in most major markets in order to slow the spread of disease and enable hospital prioritization of COVID-19 patients. Many sources are reporting current declines in elective procedures of over 70% with urgent procedure volumes also being affected, though to a much lesser degree. These declines impact a product like BRIDION, which is used across many surgery settings. And even oncologists are delaying appointments and procedures as they prioritize patients based on severity and the immediate needs of different tumor types, resulting in extended dosing schedules for existing patients, as well as delays in the start of therapy for newly diagnosed patients.  As Rob will outline in a minute, however, based on our overall assumption with respect to the timeline for return to a more normal environment, as well as our experience in China, a market which was impacted earlier by the pandemic, but which is now recovering, we expect to be most heavily impacted in the second quarter.  Most importantly, we believe the underlying demand for our portfolio of products remains strong based on the substantial medical benefits they bring to patients. As the peak of the pandemic passes, we believe providers and patients will move quickly to find ways to safely provide and seek treatment. And as a more normal environment for patient access is reestablished, we believe our portfolio will be -- will again be well positioned to achieve strong long-term growth.  With that, I will turn it back to Rob. 
Frank Clyburn: Hi, Chris, it's Frank. Thanks for the question. I'll take your second question first on payer mix and impact. And I'll give some color into our mix in the U.S. It breaks out approximately, Chris, the commercial business represents about a third of our business from a mix perspective. We have about 17% of our mix, it’s important to note, is in vaccine private pay because of the significant size of our vaccine portfolio as we've been discussing. Government represents about half of our overall payer mix. But also important to note, half of that or approximately 26%, 27% is KEYTRUDA related because of Medicare Part B. So we've talked about, as KEYTRUDA continues to grow we anticipate that will grow over time.  Medicaid Part -- or Medicare, I should say, Part D is a small percent, approximately 7%. And then we have very small percentage of our business in Medicaid. And then the rest is pretty much other with regards to federal and some other parts of our payer mix. But if you look at our portfolio, Medicaid is very small. We're clearly looking at unemployment rates, and we'll have to monitor that as it goes forward. I think it's too early to assume anything at this point in time. However, we have taken into our guidance different scenarios as we possibly will see increased unemployment. But for us, in particular, Medicaid is a small portion of our business.  Shifting to vaccines, just to give you a little bit more insight, we expect as you come into -- or towards the end of the second quarter, into the third quarter, we expect that the infants and young children who have missed their vaccines during COVID-19 will be prioritized first. We then expect that we'll see the adult pneumococcal vaccines come back strongly as we head into the flu season. And then we expect adolescents and young adults will probably come back a little bit slower, Chris, as patients are able to engage with the healthcare systems.
Frank Clyburn: So Steve, I'll start. So to answer your question, yes, Steve, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with regards to vaccines, we are seeing an impact due to the reduction in patients and well visits. We are seeing a reduction in our hospital specialty area in particular BRIDION with the reduction in elective surgeries as well as Women's Health. So we are seeing that in Q2, which is why we've updated our guidance and we also want to reiterate though we do see, as we are seeing in China, as we get through this period, we believe things will come back gradually in Q3. And then as we get into Q4, we'll return to normal operations. And I just want to continue to echo that we're very confident in the overall portfolio and in the demand trends that we see.
Frank Clyburn: And Andrew, I think we're all concerned obviously what we're seeing in the U.S. with regards to rising unemployment. As I mentioned earlier, for us, we'll have to see the shift potentially from our commercial business over to higher discounted segments like Medicaid. But just to reiterate again, Medicaid is a very small portion of our business currently and as we look going forward, our business and payer mix is more geared toward Medicare and in particular, Part B Medicare.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, Seamus, so just -- if you look at 340B, the majority of the exposure really is for products like JANUVIA and also KEYTRUDA. For KEYTRUDA, approximately a third is within that 340B segment today. It has been growing slightly year-on-year and we'll have to see how, as I mentioned, things continue to unfold with regards to what's happening in the environment and it's obviously something that we're closely monitoring.
Rob Davis: Thanks, Ken. Now turning to guidance. We expect decreased volumes due to the reduced access and social distancing impacts that Frank described, particularly in the second quarter, which we assume is the peak of the virus in the United States and Europe. We expect to begin to see this dynamic subside as hospitals begin to normalize through the third quarter and as social distancing measures begin to lift across geographies at which point we would expect a phased return to more normal levels of volumes, unencumbered by access concerns.  While we do expect to progress to normal pre-COVID-19 volumes by the beginning of the fourth quarter, a large portion of the impact in Q2 will carry to the full year. In Animal Health, we expect to experience a more protracted recovery timeline, given decreased demand for milk and protein due to the shutdown of restaurants and schools, reduced visits to veterinarians and the impact of reduced employment and incomes. Of course, our actual results could vary based on how the disease progresses, and how various countries respond. We now expect revenues of $46.1 billion to $48.1 billion, which reflects a decrease of $2.5 billion from our previous midpoint. This difference is comprised of approximately $2.1 billion of negative impact due to COVID-19 on an ex-exchange basis, made up of approximately $1.7 billion from Human Health and $400 million in Animal Health. We also now assume a negative impact from foreign exchange of roughly $750 million, or 2.5 percentage points using mid-April rates.  Finally, Human Health operational strength of roughly $300 million partially offsets the negative COVID-19 and foreign exchange impacts. We now expect gross margin to be roughly 75%. Operating expenses are expected to decline at a low-single-digit rate driven by lower SG&A. Our updated assumption anticipates lower promotional and selling expenses and clinical trial costs. We now expect our full year tax rate to be in the range of 17% to 18%. We continue to expect other expense of roughly $200 million. We continue to anticipate 2.54 billion shares outstanding. Given the current environment and out of an abundance of caution, we have temporarily paused our share repurchase activity, which will help ensure that we preserve our strong financial position to pursue our capital allocation priorities of investment in the business and ongoing business development. Taking together, we now expect our non-GAAP EPS to be between $5.17 to $5.37, which reflects a decrease of $0.43 from our previous midpoint. This range includes a roughly 3.5 percentage point negative impact from foreign currency equating to an approximately $0.11 FX headwind versus our prior assumptions. Importantly, the company's financial strength and conservatively positioned balance sheet is allowing us to execute our capital allocation priorities, which remain unchanged despite the currently challenging environment. As of the end of the quarter, we held $8 billion in cash and marketable securities and retained good access to the commercial paper markets.  In addition, our cash collections continue as expected, with no significant disruption from the COVID-19 pandemic impact to-date. As a reminder, our first priority is to invest in our existing R&D programs, as well as to support new programs aimed at COVID-19. This pandemic underscores our commitment to R&D now more than ever. We will continue to invest in manufacturing capacity expansion, and we remain firmly committed to the payment of our dividend.  In addition, as Ken noted, business development remains a priority, and we will continue to look for the best external sources of science to augment our pipeline. We will assess the environment on an ongoing basis and consider reactivating the repurchase program as warranted. In summary, our first quarter results demonstrate the strong demand we see for our innovative portfolio and the underlying fundamental strength in our business. While the pandemic will impact us in the short-term, we're well positioned financially to weather this storm and continue the investments we're making across our business to drive growth and importantly to bring additional innovations to the patients we serve. We also remain confident in the underlying demand of our products based on their competitive position and the benefits that they provide and fully expect to see our growth return once patient access normalizes. As a result, our expectations are unchanged regarding our ability to deliver sustainable long-term growth. We believe all of this continues to be a source of significant and sustainable long-term value for both our patients and our shareholders.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Roger.
Rob Davis: With regard to maybe the second question first, the pharma guidance is, the majority of that will hit in the second quarter and the majority of it is in the United States. And maybe I'll turn it over to Frank to give you some of the more specifics on product detail before coming back to the first question. 
Rob Davis: Thank you, Frank. And then on your question about share repurchase program, just to be clear, and I had it in the prepared remarks, but it's worth reinforcing. We really decided to temporarily stop the share repurchase program predominantly out of an abundance of caution. Our financial position continues to be strong. And as we said, it really was to make sure that we can continue to do all of the investments we want to do in R&D and CapEx to support our future growth, and in business development, as you asked. So it's really across all those areas that we want to make sure we can prioritize investment. And we will continue to look at it and very well could reinstate the share repurchase as we see the situation evolve in the marketplace.
Rob Davis: So on a currency basis, if you look at what is driving the reduction, it is entirely just due to change in where we see rates as of mid-April. So basically, we took the mid-April exchange rates and assumed those held for the full year. And as a result of the fact that what you're seeing is that really versus almost every currency, the dollar has strengthened as there has been a flight back to the dollar -- as soon -- as the quality currency and as a defensive measure, that is impacting us. It's hitting us across all of our currencies. But importantly, what's happening as well -- and we're not able to hedge as much as we normally would is because we're also seeing a material impact in the emerging market currencies as well, where we don't hedge today. So it's really that is what's driving entirely the $750 million reduction that we talked about in our guidance. And then on your second question on the timing of the spin out. As Ken noted in his prepared remarks, we continue to expect to have the spin out completed in the first half of 2021. That is consistent with where we guided last quarter. 
Rob Davis: And I would just add on the Animal Health front. It's a similar situation to Human Health. We are seeing the impact now in the quarter and we do expect that the second quarter will be the vast majority of the impact driving what is the full-year reduction. So it definitely will be most acute in the second quarter, but it will continue a little bit into the third and fourth and be a little bit more prolongated than what we expect from the Human Health business, driving a larger downside impact to our Animal Health business than it's having to our Human Health business.
Roger Perlmutter: Right. Let me speak more generally to the combinations with KEYTRUDA. And it is the case that really since we began -- since I began working with the KEYTRUDA program back in 2013, we have been exploring a whole variety of different combinations with various agents and that's what led us of course to partner with AstraZeneca and Lynparza and partner with Eisai and Lenvima, and has led us to develop a whole set of programs internally that we are using in combination with KEYTRUDA in various clinical studies, including TIGIT, and numerous other biologicals that are well advanced in our program. I've indicated before that we have really quite impressive data in some of these combinations. Most importantly, of course, in our Lenvima combination where we have registration in endometrial cancer and have already presented data for the combination in renal cell carcinoma. But beyond that with the biologicals as well, we are looking for effects that are really meaningful and that will make a big difference from an efficacy standpoint, while preserving the very favorable profile that KEYTRUDA has already demonstrated. So we are making good progress. We're looking forward to developing some of these agents assuming that these play out. And of course, we'll be watching what others do. I think we're in a very good place. 
Roger Perlmutter: Right. Well, thanks. Thanks very much for the question. So first of all, we are interested in any and all approaches that could be helpful in reducing the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. And we've been in discussion with most all of the organizations that are trying to do this in various different ways, whether that's using passive immunization with antibodies or trying to use alternative methods of active immunization that are -- can more rapidly be brought into the clinic like nucleic acids, mRNA in particular. And of course, we have a long history of collaboration with people who have done that kind of work.  Our sense, though, is that -- the task before us is one that requires a vaccine that will be quite stimulatory and that will yield neutralizing antibodies ideally with a single immunization. Of course, it must first be safe because you're talking about a vaccine that would in principle be given to much of the world's population in order to protect the world's population. And since we believe that virtually everyone is susceptible, these are all high bars. And that makes us want to return to proven platforms that have these kinds of characteristics. And that's where we have put our focus. My expectation is that over time, we will need more than one vaccine in order to actually protect the human population from SARS-CoV-2. So that's sort of thing that we've looked at.  Specifically with respect to the neutralizing antibodies being administered as passive vaccination, we've looked at a number of those. In the near term that may turn out to be a useful approach for individuals who -- perhaps in the treatment context and also for individuals who are at extraordinarily high risk and have a great susceptibility because of age and comorbidities. But it's a broadly based method to protect the human population I think, probably less likely to be used just for logistical reasons. That doesn't mean that we wouldn't be willing to work with others to help develop that if that proved to be the near term -- the most important thing that one could do.  Finally, I would say that just to put the cart back behind the horse, and the issue of selective pressure and mutation, we should recognize that while right now we're not seeing an enormous amount of variation in the SARS-CoV-2 virus, when we put selective pressure on the virus either with an antiviral drug and some of those do indeed look fairly promising early on or with a vaccine it is possible that we will see variants emerge and those variants can prove to be important. And that's something else that we're paying quite a bit of attention to. 
Roger Perlmutter: Yes, David. So with respect to novel immuno-oncology agents, I mean I've mentioned some of this before in response to a prior question, but we have a stable of them. We're of course looking at our own CTLA-4 molecule, have been for some time in combination with KEYTRUDA. We are also looking at LAG-3, TIGIT and a whole variety of others. We have 20 or so agents that we have tested in the clinic and all of these are being tested versus monotherapy and thereafter as combination with KEYTRUDA. But I should emphasize that KEYTRUDA really is quite special. We've not seen anything of course that has characteristics that are like KEYTRUDA. If we did, that would be a very different story. And it's no surprise because we and many other investigators, university-based investigators, myself included, looked for these kinds of things for decades and never found anything that looked like KEYTRUDA. It's unlikely we're just going to kick one over now when we didn't have those in the past. That doesn't mean though that those things in combination with KEYTRUDA couldn't be beneficial and we're seeing some early signs that suggest that's possible and we'll have quite a lot more to say about that during the coming year. And the second question had to do with our conviction with respect to our 15-valent molecule V114 for invasive pneumococcal disease. We have a lot of conviction behind it. I think we've already reported our Phase 2 data that everyone has had a chance to see. The Phase 3 data will be available to us very, very soon. And as soon as those data become available, assuming the data Phase 3 recapitulate what we saw in Phase 2, which is certainly our hope and expectation, those -- the top-line of those data will be announced of course and we'll at that point provide more clarity with respect to our filing plans. But our expectation would be that filing could occur not long thereafter. So we're really very enthusiastic about this vaccine because of the important new serotypes in it and also the balance with respect to the immune response that we saw in our V114 studies in Phase 2.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes, Steve. Thanks for the question. So first of all on vericiguat and the VICTORIA study, so the VICTORIA study address a patient population that typically is excluded from most studies and these are patients who have had a recent de-compensation in their status. These are patients with reduced ejection fraction, heart failure, who have typically undergone heart failure hospitalization as a result of some deterioration. And hence, this is a very brittle population if you looked at the data that were published. But what you saw with it was that these patients were really quite ill and had indices of heart failure, of heart stress that were much, much higher than what is typically found in a heart failure population. So the reason why the paper was published in the New England Journal of Medicine, the reason why it was -- there was a plenary presentation at the American College of Cardiology on these results is precisely because this is a very different population, the therapy is given as add-on to existing heart failure therapies and improves outcomes. And so, that's a pretty important result and I think there is a lot of enthusiasm for it within the cardiovascular community and amongst those physicians who treat heart failure. So I think that's really important to recognize. This is really a -- quite a change in terms of how we think about these patients and it's an important patient population to treat. And then with respect to the gefapixant, well of course, we haven't presented the gefapixant data. We'll have a chance to do that. I think everyone should recognize two things; the first is that chronic cough is an extremely common complaint in the general population. So physicians are often called upon to try and help people who are interrupted by chronic cough and in our Phase 3 studies we had some individuals who have had chronic cough complaints, continuous chronic cough complaints for more -- for decades. So this is a pretty significant interruption in their lives.  On the other hand, I don't want to dismiss the difficulty of going into a completely new area, because there are no -- there hasn't been no drug registered for chronic cough. There's been no study of this kind previously. It's a completely novel area. It will take some time for this to develop and for people to understand it.
Roger Perlmutter: Right, Okay. For TMB-High, so this -- the basis for seeking registration is a study done in a variety of different tumor types, the KEYNOTE-158 study in which their responses at the moment are currently inadequate. And so the goal was to look and see, well was there anything that we could do in these tumor types in which we could demonstrate that KEYTRUDA had an effect in certain patients, and we looked at a variety of different markers so that we could use. It turned out for us that a tumor mutational burden marker at greater than 10 mutations per megabase was associated with an improved overall response in certain of these tumors and that's what we've sought registration for and we are in the midst of having those discussions with the agency. So we'll see what happens. I frankly am not aware of off-label use and we wouldn't necessarily know anything about that in that population. And with regard to our KRAS program, it's actually quite a broad program looking at both GDP and GTP bound forms of KRAS and looking at the mutations beyond the cysteine mutation, codon 12 mutation, veiled cyst mutation which occurs in a fraction of patients, but there of course are many other mutations, aspartic acid substitution, valiant substitution et cetera. So we're looking quite broadly, but it will be a while before we have the opportunity to bring the first of those compounds into the clinic.
Roger Perlmutter: Well Andrew, thank you -- thanks for the question. Again on TIGIT, different companies will have different perspectives on this. Our view really is still quite simple and it's not -- I wouldn't over think this. What we want to see is sufficient evidence of benefit in combination which is -- where you can unambiguously say that both elements, that is KEYTRUDA in our case and the anti-TIGIT antibody, both elements and that same is true for LAG-3 or CTLA-4 or any others are each contributing and so that there is at least additive effect and ideally better than that if one could get it. And so, we want to be absolutely sure of that and we want to be absolutely sure that we're addressing the right patient populations and of course we want to be sure that there is no deterioration in the favorable adverse experience profile of KEYTRUDA. So it's just a matter of reaching a conclusion about that. We could eventually reach the conclusion that you know we don't actually think it's good enough and there could be a whole variety of reasons for that or we could reach the conclusion, yes, we think this is really important, let's move forward. There are a number of programs in which we are sort of looking at that and we are going to find some data that's intriguing, but we just don't have enough data yet to make us feel comfortable about it. Other people might look at that data and say we need to go immediately. We are doing what we think is the right thing in that regard.
Roger Perlmutter: Right. So Seamus that the -- we're quite data driven on this. We were enthusiastic about Lenvima initially from the monotherapy data that our colleagues at Eisai had obtained and we thought there was a chance that that could prove to be a good combination with KEYTRUDA. We had -- we did some experiments like that with them and then we signed our agreement with them. And when we signed our agreement, we thought let's do a signal detection study looking across a broad set of tumors. And as we've done that, we've seen a lot of really quite interesting signals. Those of course weren't the only combinations with multi-kinase inhibitors that we tried, but we've seen impressive signals in combination with KEYTRUDA. And as you know, every multi-kinase inhibitor is different. Each one hits a different range of molecules and their effects are different. So it's quite hard to describe why that's true and whether that reflects VEGF receptor-antagonism in the context of FGF receptor or whatever. But what you can say is that they're all different and the results that we've obtained with Lenvima have been very promising. So we are quite enthusiastic, obviously, first of all in endometrial, in other tumors, the data we presented for renal and there are many others besides. So we're moving forward with that program.
