Peter Kellogg: That's well said. I would reiterate, again, that it's really a blend of different things. We have reiterated again and again that we will definitely capture the value capture goals and merger synergies that we had intended. Incrementally, we may make the right kinds of investments to sort of drive the top line and that, that's the decision we're making right now. And I think the key thing is we just don't want to pin the performance of any one particular year, and that we will be having a growth story going forward. And it's a series of different investments over time, but because it's nice to have a pipeline and the investment opportunities that we do have, we want to take full advantage of them.
Peter Kellogg: Sure. And Jami, the essence of your question is right and that is, obviously, as you recall, the AZLP relationship is a long-term relationship that we've had for quite a long time. When it was originally designed, it was structured such that there would be put and call options over time, and that there would be options for AZLP to buy out different parts of the relationship at a fair value each couple years. You may recall that in 2010 we covered the fact that, that exercise for non-PPI products had been -- the option rather for non-PPI products had been exercised. As a result, we don't rebook supply sales for non-PPI products anymore and obviously, that come out of the relationship. And as we had commented then two years later, which would be in 2012, another option would exist where they'd be able to buy out the PPI products, and that is an option that is really AstraZeneca's choice. We've already assumed in all of our modeling and the way we've always talked about our outlook in the future that AstraZeneca would exercise those options, but obviously there's no decision yet. And that something that's completely up to them and they can sort that out. From an economic standpoint, actually it was a well-designed contract and it was one where there is a true up obviously, so we know that we're getting fair value in any kind of option exercise, that we're comfortable from a shareholder value standpoint that, that'll work very well. But at this point obviously, we don't know what AstraZeneca's decision would be on that transaction.
Peter Kellogg: I think the other question you asked was relationship -- we're really not issuing guidance beyond 2011, so I just want to be careful and be clear about that. But beyond that, we have highlighted that over time, we believe we can grow the top line as Ken said. We also believe we'll definitely get the value capture element that we've always targeted and probably more. We really have gotten off to a very great start in the first year. We will make some reinvestments. But we did also comment that one of our goals is to have good P&L leverage over time, and so to have the bottom line growing faster than the top line, and that's a good formula. Now we aren't trying to pin down any one year because, obviously, it's a somewhat volatile environment, but over time, that is clearly what we're driving for. And I would think 2011 is a first start proxy to see low to mid-single digit top line growth and high single digit EPS growth really indicates -- and it's a year we're investing -- indicates that we're trying to read this together.
Peter Kellogg: So at the time of the merger, we announced kind of the guidance elements that we were shooting for. Some of them were financial, some of them were profiling how we thought the P&L might evolve. Obviously, a lot's happened since that time. We continue to focus on our pretax margin. However, we have not been updating that particular element of guidance since the original merger. And at this point, that is not within the element of guidance that we've been reiterating. That said, I don't want to leave the wrong impression. Clearly, we are as we've said, continuing to focus on driving the top line and driving the bottom line faster. And we will get P&L leverage that would naturally drive our pretax margin up. The other piece I would just take into consideration is that we will have some elements in our P&L that move around if we complete the M1L [ph] joint venture and then have equity income on the P&L, and that will drive some changes in our pretax margin as well. So there's a lot of moving parts. But nonetheless, I wouldn't take away that we're not focused on value capture in any way that's different than we were originally. We were trying to initially give some sense that we were trying to drive the margins up significantly from where we were, and we're still trying to do that. But we haven't been reiterating that particular element of guidance since then just because of the number of changes occurring in the external environment, in the pipeline and also conversely, just sort of depends on how a few other factors play out in the future.
Peter Kellogg: A couple pieces. One, in our 2011 guidance, I did indicate that obviously our guidance right now is to the next year and we did indicate that, that would include -- that's based on the assumption of retaining REMICADE and SIMPONI. We have not given guidance what that would look like in the short term without. In terms of focus on cash flow generation, we are really not reiterating long-term guidance at this point so I won't get into that. But I would say that there's no question that in this company, we are focused on generating cash. We do a good job today, and we're focused on returning that cash to shareholders. And in fact, I think you would look even -- if you took a look at the first three quarters or the full year of 2010, we'd be a top-tier U.S. pharma company in terms of the amount of cash flow generated that was returned to shareholders, so I think we're very proud. Even this past year where we repurchased $1.6 billion of shares and maintained a dividend, that we've been a very high returner of the cash generated by the operating business and we intend to continue that. But we aren't maintaining long-term guidance. I just don't want to give another long-term guidance comment.
Peter Kellogg: I will be pithy on the PGM. You're right; there are pressures that over time will help our PGM and there's pressures in the short-term that will have more pressure on our PGM. We aren't giving guidance on it but yes, you're right. There are pressures that would push our PGM down in the short term.
Kenneth Frazier: I think first of all, the most important thing for us is in terms of 2011 is what I mentioned before, which is the filing that's been accepted for boceprevir, and we want to move forward as well as JANUMET XR. So those are really major focuses. As we look forward to the rest of the year, we have a number of filings. I would just point out that we have, for example, SAFLUTAN in the U.S., telcagepant in the U.S. And at the end of the year while it's not a filing, we're looking forward as we move into later 2011 and perhaps a little beyond, we have to really still wait for the readout of the data for vorapaxar in 2P. I recognize that what the news so far has caused many people to be discouraged, but I also want to remind you that the DSMB recommended that we continue the trial with respect to patients with peripheral artery disease and coronary artery disease, specifically myocardial infarction. So that could still be an important contributor. So ultimately, what I've been saying this morning is we believe in the innovation approach. We think we have a good innovation story. We think boceprevir is an upcoming opportunity to demonstrate that.
Kenneth Frazier: First, starting with boceprevir. I think it's important to recognize that we were already in those physicians' offices. We have a primary care -- vorapaxar, I'm sorry. We're already in the physicians' offices, so the fixed costs are already there with respect to most of what we do with respect to our direct selling. I think that as we think about this decision that we've made, I want to make a couple of points First of all, I want to stress with respect to your sharing of pain, we actually agree 100% that the tough external environment that we're facing next year is not going to abate going forward. We have to get our cost structure in line. I point out again that in 2010, we exceeded the synergy targets. Over the last few years since 2008 in the U.S., we have 50% fewer sales reps. We have been trying to drive costs out of the system, but in a thoughtful way that doesn't jeopardize our business. With the things that have  happened since we've created our guidance and the stuff that I've mentioned at the end of the year including stronger pricing pressures around the world and the vorapaxar removal, we faced a short-term question of whether or not we wanted to cut deeper in the short term without having, in my view, a thoughtful approach that would not jeopardize the business. Cutting 50% of the reps made sense because we went about it the right way. So Catherine, what I would say to you is I am not signaling any less concern about the importance of getting our cost base in line. What we face today given the situation we have on the opportunities is whether or not we're going to do that in the short run, adhere to the point target that we had for 2013 or whether we were going to reinvest some of the synergies that we are cutting this year into the business.
Kenneth Frazier: You asked some very typical questions in that set of questions. Let me start with vorapaxar. So I assume that what you're essentially asking is in hindsight, could we have done two separate trials, one in the ACS population, one with essentially the prevention population. I can't comment on the trial design. It was so long ago, but what I can say is that as we, as a committee with Peter and Adam and Peter Kellogg and myself, what we do regularly in the company is try to assess all the programs that we're relying on. We try to look at them from a science and technical and medical standpoint. We also try to look at them from a commercial standpoint. So we try to engage each program one by one, in addition to having the kinds of tough metrics we have in place around ROI and value creation in the pipeline. What I would also say is that we recognize that our strategy comes with it a certain amount of complexity, lengthiness and unpredictability because we are seeking innovative medically important therapies. And with vorapaxar, we know the risk of trying new mechanisms and approaches. I still continue to have optimism because the DSMB continued in 2P. We will see what the data shows. If the data shows a benefit to that population, this could still be a very important drug going forward. On the Pfizer question, obviously, I can't comment on anyone else's view of their particular pipeline or the investment requirements that they face at this time. But I will tell you that we are mindful of the need to drive productivity, greater productivity in our R&D program. Peter Kim and his colleagues understand that we are focused on it. We are trying to take cost out. We're trying to increase the probability of success as we go forward. But as a company, I think we are saying that we are committed to innovation as a strategy, and we believe that over the long term, it will pay off. And if you'll indulge me one minute, last week I attended the funeral of John Horan, who was the CEO of Merck a number of years ago before Roy Vagelos. One of the things he was proudest of was that he kept the focus on research during a fallow period for Merck Research in the '70s, and that's exactly what led to a spate of innovation that has made the modern-day Merck. So I am not blind to what investors want us to do. They want us to invest in prudent ways and ways that actually drive ROI and productivity. But we, as a company, believe that the only sustainable strategy in the health care environment that we're in is real innovation that makes a difference to patients and payers. And that's why we have outcome studies surrounding these drugs because we come to market, we want regulators and payers to see the value of Merck drugs.
Kenneth Frazier: So I want to make it clear that we will regularly look at ways of returning cash to customers. With respect to REMICADE, we have no updates on it. And nothing we've said today reflects anything having to do with any new perspective on REMICADE. On the first question, Tim, I want to make sure that I try to do this as well as I can. With respect to European price austerity measures and health care reform, it is certainly the case that we knew about the general subject matter. We've seen increases in the pricing pressure. But it's also important to recognize that in addition to vorapaxar, and you're right, all along we've had some setbacks with respect to our pipeline, which incrementally changed the way our revenue line looked and incrementally made us increase our cost reduction goal. You can see again, in 2010 we exceeded our cost reduction goal. Our goal was to stay online with this EPS guidance. But we are now at a point where if we stay on that track, we are going to have to choose not to make important strategic investments. I'll come back to the pipeline. A key factor in the size of our R&D investment this year or any year is the quality, quantity and size of clinical trials. We're in a period right now where we have 20 late-stage programs with a number of very large outcome studies. In a year with fewer larger outcome studies, maybe we could take some costs out there. In emerging markets, we are seeing strong growth. As you know, we've said that we wouldn't go out necessarily and buy many assets to get revenue. We're trying to build our business in the right way that creates long-term value. That requires internal investment. With respect to the launch products, including boceprevir, we see those as real opportunities. And so I want to be clear, it isn't that we couldn't cut costs enough to make the long-term guidance. Our choice was to do that. But we couldn't do that in our estimation fast enough without sacrificing the growth opportunities, and that was the choice that we made. It wasn't that we couldn't do it. It's that we couldn't do it anyway that would create long-term shareholder value, given the opportunities that we have in front of us. And I would just cite again, we did say that we're withdrawing the guidance. We have not put new guidance in because there are some important events coming up. I thought it was prudent to say that we would not restore guidance at this point in time. But I've also said very clearly, our aspiration is to drive profitable and sustainable top line growth, and we are saying now and I think if you look at the models that were out there before, people didn't see us growing and we have an opportunity to grow. We've done it in the fourth quarter. We're exiting 2010 with very strong momentum. We'll go into 2011, and we're excited about the ability to drive sustainable growth on the top line.
Kenneth Frazier: I'll take those questions, and I'll turn the second one over to Adam. So we don't have a crystal ball on the health care reform cases. We know that the federal courts are split. I would assume that at one point or another, given the importance of this constitutional question to the U.S. and patients around the U.S., et cetera, I would believe that it would eventually make its way to the United States Supreme Court because of the split in the cases among the districts that have decided it are pretty important ones for the country going forward. On the emerging markets, without getting into the particulars, which I'll turn over to Adam, I would say that we have strong growth in China. We have strong growth in Brazil, in Eastern Europe. Dick Clark had said that we're late to the game and I think he's right. We focused there but we're very encouraged by the growth that we see there. And we're going to continue to build out our commercial infrastructure in a prudent, disciplined way in those markets in a way that we think will create strong top line growth and attractive margins.
Kenneth Frazier: So on the first question around the year's EPS range. I think first of all, just to remind you, Peter Kellogg pointed out that there's a $0.06 hit right there because of Venezuela devaluation. Overall, I would say though you're correct. We are reinvesting some of the synergies in 2011. We have I think very good plans about taking costs out of the company where we think it creates less value, but we think there's value in investing across our portfolio, both our product portfolio and our geographic portfolio. As it relates to our aspiration for top line growth, that's an aspiration across a number of years. We're not making a specific comment about the year in which SINGULAIR goes off patent. But what's in the portfolio, the underlying portfolio is growing strongly now. It's growing strongly despite the fact that we've gone through a period of disruption and taking out a huge amount of resources out of the commercial part of the business. We think it's the right time to invest in our pipeline and our product portfolio.
Kenneth Frazier: So Peter Kim is not here today, and I can't get into the math that you just described. So I'll turn it over to Peter Kellogg with respect to your other question.
Kenneth Frazier: So again, Peter Kim is not here to articulate his thinking about the particular program you referred to, betrixaban. I will say that the guidance that you see around our R&D spending is driven by the aggregate quality of what we have, the quantity of what we have, the size of the clinical trials. And we are pleased to be in a period where we have 20 late-stage programs with a number of products that could yield innovative, medically important therapies.
Kenneth Frazier: Yes, in closing, let me just say to everyone, first of all, thank you for being on the call and for  staying a little bit past the prescribed time. I just want to reassure you that as we go forward, it is our ambition to create value for shareholders. We believe the way to do that over the longer term is to drive sustainable growth on the top line, continuing to gain important significant efficiencies in our cost structure, which will ultimately lead to strong bottom line growth. So I want to assure you that that's what my team is committed to, and we look forward to engaging you in future calls. So thank you very much.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So obviously, the supply chain in emerging markets is critical. And when we think about the emerging markets and the opportunities that exist, they're extremely large. But getting the products widely available means that we're going to have to have a supply chain at a cost structure level that enables us to have a pricing strategy that makes those products widely available. So we are going to continue to make improvements on our supply chain, continue to make improvements on low-cost manufacturing. We're not where we need to be yet, but we are continuing to make improvements.
Adam Schechter: So if you look at the emerging markets first. In the fourth quarter, it was 19% of our business and it represented about 19% growth versus the same time last year. So we're seeing strong growth, and it's becoming a larger part of our business. Specific to China, we see very significant opportunities in China. I've actually visited China three times in my first six months in this role, and it's in our top 10 markets. It's greater than $500 million in sales, and we have about 5,000 people currently working for Merck in that market. China now reports directly to me, which is the same where Japan and the United States report directly to me. So we have a very significant presence there. It is part of our emerging markets strategy that I'd pay significant attention to, and we're very excited about the future prospects in that market but all of the emerging markets, frankly.
Adam Schechter: And David, the way I also think about is if you look at our key growth drivers, JANUVIA, JANUMET, ISENTRESS, REMICADE, we're growing very significantly in those products and we're going to continue to support those products, and we expect to continue to be able to grow those products. But as I mentioned before, we're also  focusing on the next 10 products or next 15 products. And every market that visit, I don't only focus now on the key growth drivers in those markets as they exist today. We take a look at products that you wouldn't normally necessarily be tracking because in every market, the next 10 products might be different than the first five or six. So we believe that there is opportunity for growth in our expanded portfolio across the products that we have in markets today. So we're really not only spending time on the growth drivers that you would look at routinely, but we're spending time in each market on other potential growth drivers. And then the third lever, obviously, is the launches. And we feel that with DULERA, with boceprevir coming, with BRIDION, with some of the launches we have in Japan, that we have real opportunities. In fact, if you look at 2010, our new product launches were over $650 million. If you look at just the fourth quarter, the new product launches were very significant as well. So we're going to continue to invest in those.
