Teri Loxam: Thank you, Darla, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Merck's Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Today I'm joined by Ken Frazier, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; Adam Schechter, President of Global Human Health; and Dr. Roger Perlmutter, President of Merck Research Laboratories. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I'd like to point out a few items. You will see that we have items in our GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs, and certain other items. You should note that we have excluded these from our non-GAAP results and provide a reconciliation of these in our press release. We have also provided a table in our press release to help you understand the sales in the quarter for the business units and products. I would like to remind you that some of the statements that we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meetings of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current beliefs of Merck's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including 1A in the 2016 10-K, identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement. You can see our SEC filings as well as today's earnings release on merck.com. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ken.
Teri Loxam: Thanks, Roger. We'll be moving on to our Q&A portion of the call. I would like to remind everyone to please keep to a maximum of two questions to allow us to get as many people on the call as possible this morning. So, Darla, if you can queue everyone up, please.
Teri Loxam: All right. We'll take another question. We're running out of time. We're going to try to get through one more at least, and if we can, one other.
Robert M. Davis: Thanks, Ken, and good morning, everyone. Overall, our third quarter results reflect strong operational performance, allowing us to deliver solid bottom-line growth on a non-GAAP basis, despite several challenges in the quarter. Now, starting first with our top-line results. Total company revenues were $10.3 billion, a decrease of 2% year over year. Excluding the impact of exchange, third quarter revenues declined 3%, with the 4% decline in our Human Health business partially offset by 14% growth in Animal Health. While Adam will detail Human Health performance in a moment, it's worth highlighting that the quarterly sales of our Animal Health business reached $1 billion for the first time, driven primarily by continued strength in our Companion Animal business, including BRAVECTO, and growth in our Ruminants business, which includes contributions from the Vallée acquisition. Non-GAAP gross margin was 76% in the quarter, an increase of roughly 70 basis points versus the third quarter of 2016. Favorable product mix, driven by KEYTRUDA and ZEPATIER, was the largest contributor to the year-over-year improvement. Non-GAAP operating expenses of $4.2 billion increased 4% year over year, primarily driven by higher R&D expense, reflecting increased investment in early drug development. Taken together, we earned $1.11 per share on a non-GAAP basis, up 4% excluding exchange. Note that our GAAP EPS loss of $0.02 reflects a charge of $2.35 billion related to the formation of the strategic oncology collaboration with AstraZeneca announced earlier in the quarter. As we had cautioned in July, the June cyber event negatively impacted third quarter results, including an unfavorable revenue impact of approximately $135 million from lost sales and approximately $175 million in costs spread across the cost of goods sold and the operating expense lines. We anticipate a similar impact to revenue and expenses in the fourth quarter, which is reflected in our updated guidance. In addition, we borrowed $240 million of GARDASIL from the CDC stockpile to fulfill shipments in the quarter. The borrowing was driven in part by the temporary production shutdown resulting from the cyberattack, as well as overall higher demand than originally planned. The revenue will ultimately be recognized as we replenish the stockpile, which we currently anticipate will occur in the second half of 2018. It's worth noting that while our reported sales for the third quarter were down $210 million, absent the cyber and stockpile items, we would have had a quarter of growth, even in the face of significant LOEs. Turning to 2017 guidance. Given our operational strength year to date as well as a more favorable exchange rate environment, we are narrowing and raising our revenue range for the full year. We now expect revenues to be between $40 billion and $40.5 billion. We continue to expect a moderate year-over-year increase in our gross margin. We also continue to expect our non-GAAP operating expenses to grow at a mid-single digit rate compared to full year 2016, driven by higher R&D cost to support our oncology business, including the AstraZeneca collaboration, as well as vaccines and other pipeline opportunities. We are also assuming approximately $175 million of business development expenses in the fourth quarter, largely driven by the closing of the Rigontec acquisition. We now expect the full year non-GAAP tax rate to be between 20% and 21%. We continue to project average diluted shares outstanding of approximately 2.75 billion for the year. Taken together, we are narrowing and raising our expected non-GAAP EPS range for the full year to $3.91 to $3.97. Both our revenue and non-GAAP EPS ranges include a negative impact from foreign exchange of less than 1% using mid-October rates. In summary, we continue to execute well. We have many opportunities in our pipeline that we believe can drive long term growth, for which we have invested in this year and we will continue to invest in throughout next year as well. We have been reallocating resources wherever possible. And we will continue to remain disciplined to maximize the long term trajectory of our business. With that, I'll turn the call over to Adam.
Robert M. Davis: Great. Yeah. Thanks, Roger. Good morning, Steve. And to your second question about EPS growth in 2018, as you know, we don't provide specific guidance for 2018 until we get to our fourth quarter 2017 earnings call, which will be in February. But maybe I can provide to your point some of the headwinds and tailwinds that give a sense of what we're seeing. I would just start by reiterating the point that Ken made, that we do have several pillars of long term growth. Obviously it starts with KEYTRUDA and what we continue to believe is a real opportunity there for continued growth, not only with KEYTRUDA but expanding with the broader oncology portfolio. With our vaccines business, we continue to expect to see good growth, especially GARDASIL. And then obviously Adam touched upon what we've seen this year with BRIDION, which has really done quite well. And we continue to believe has great growth opportunities as we look forward. And then finally I'd just highlight Animal Health. Animal Health grew 14% in the quarter. It's growing double digits year to date. And we continue to see very strong growth in that business. And given the fact that it's now reaching a size, to Ken's point, that it was $1 billion in the quarter, it's meaningful to our overall portfolio. So we think we have a lot of opportunities to drive good growth on the top line next year. But obviously we do have some pressures with ZEPATIER and ZOSTAVAX, to name a few, as well as obviously continuing LOE pressure, particularly from ZETIA/VYTORIN as that tails off as we move into next year. And then the only other point I'd make is that Adam highlighted JANUVIA we see as a very stable product, which is really going to be the foundation from which we'll drive growth with the other pillars I mentioned, even given some of the pricing pressure we face there. And then finally, as you think about investments, clearly we continue to believe we have real opportunity on an R&D front for continued investment. A lot of promise, not only with KEYTRUDA and LYNPARZA but the broader oncology pipeline that we're starting to advance and add to with things like Rigontec that Roger mentioned. And then beyond that, other products that we continue to want to invest in, vaccines and others in the pipeline. So we are going to make meaningful investment in R&D next year. That will make driving an overall leveraged P&L more challenging as we get into next year. But obviously we remain committed to that long term. And we will do everything we can to be disciplined and reallocate resources behind those growth opportunities by making the right trade-offs to drive growth. So hopefully that gives you a sense of some of the pushes and pulls. And then we look forward to February, where we'll give you more specifics.
Robert M. Davis: Yeah. Yeah. Good morning, Jami. Thanks for the question. So to be maybe a little more specific than I was a minute ago. Obviously as we have constantly stated, our goal is to drive operating leverage long term. So that continues to be where our focus is, through looking at opportunities to make trade-offs and reallocation of resources to drive productivity. With that being said, we do anticipate operating expenses to increase as we move into next year, primarily driven by R&D with the opportunities we talked about around KEYTRUDA, LYNPARZA, and the broader portfolio. So that is something we expect. And overall expenses will rise, even though we will do our best to manage on the SG&A line, to make the appropriate trade-offs, and drive those investments in R&D, as well as though to make sure we're continuing to invest appropriately behind some of the key launches. So hopefully that gives a little more clarity than what I said earlier.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Right, Andrew, okay. So first of all, the question is differential activity in KEYNOTE-021G as a function of tumor mutational burden. We don't really have those kinds of data specifically. We've done a lot of work on tumor mutational burden in all of our studies. But those we're not – in response to your second question. We're not including tumor mutational burden as an explicit endpoint within KEYNOTE-189 in part because of course one has to define cut points for tumor mutational burden. That is, at what point within each tumor type does a tumor mutational burden rise to the point where you believe that's meaningful? And we have a lot of data of course from this from looking at MSI-high populations. And as you know we have a broad label for patients who have MSI-high tumors. And we can see the magnitude of the tumor mutational burden in that population, where response rates are quite good. And we can look at tumor mutational burden in other populations and stratify. But there's still work to be done to define what those cut points actually are. So that's not part of the KEYNOTE-189 program. Specifically with regard to LYNPARZA, the opportunities are really quite broad. We have, together with our colleagues at AstraZeneca, more than a dozen potential registration-enabling studies covering a broad range of tumor types. One of the things that excited us, of course, relevant to the tumor mutational burden question, is that by virtue of the fact that PARP inhibitors have an effect on the salvage mechanism for DNA repair, the accumulation of mutations that could encode neo-androgens might be expected to increase. And those could provide acceptable targets for T lymphocytes that would be unleashed in the presence of KEYTRUDA. So the combination of KEYTRUDA therapy and LYNPARZA is something that we're really very excited about. Of course preliminary data along those lines has been generated with niraparib in combination with KEYTRUDA as part of our collaboration with TESARO. And we continue to pursue those studies as well.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yeah, so just with respect to the IDO1 combination studies. And there are, as you know, a number of studies that will be posted with respect to IDO1 combinations. We've put a lot of time into evaluating which studies in lung cancer might potentially yield results. You're quite right, and you have seen the data that exists with respect to IDO1 combinations with KEYTRUDA. We are evaluating this information over time. But we don't have a lot of information to tell us exactly how these would behave. The fundamental observation remains that by virtue of IDO1 inhibition that one can improve T lymphocyte responsiveness. And it represents a second axis for improvement in T lymphocyte responsiveness beyond checkpoint blockade. It makes sense to think that you would see that activity best in a circumstance when you know there are a lot of responsive T lymphocytes. And of course we know that occurs in the setting where inflammation is already present, as in the PD-L1 high population. That's just a sort of a high level look at it. We're looking at a bunch of other ways of trying to evaluate IDO1 inhibition in combination with KEYTRUDA. But clearly the existence of inflammation, as we've found over the last many years of study, existence – preexistence of inflammation is important, because these molecules, IDO1 inhibitors and checkpoint inhibitors, reveal the preexisting immunity that for one reason or another is inadequate. And so that the goal is to try and make that immunity visible through tumor reduction. That's what we're trying to get done here.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Chris, regarding KEYNOTE-189, the key issue, as you know, is that when you look at the curves for PFS as opposed to OS, the PFS curves separate essentially at the first time of analysis. So at three months, those curves are already quite different for the combination of KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy as opposed to chemotherapy alone. For OS, the curves are separating at 12 months. But in the KEYNOTE-021G study, perhaps in part because of the small size of that study with only 16 patients per group, you're really not seeing meaningful separation of those curves until you get out closer to 18 months and beyond based on what we have right now. Now with the improved power of the KEYNOTE-189 study, we may be able to see that earlier. But the idea would be, to the extent possible we would like to preserve the overall survival results. And that is – overall survival is of course the gold standard. It's what we're all trying to achieve. And we see KEYNOTE-189 as really very important in terms of how physicians will manage lung cancer patients for a long time to come. To the extent that we announce the PFS data when these data become positive, then of course we're going to be driving people who believe that they are not receiving KEYTRUDA, we're going to be driving them out of the study. And we've got to be very careful about that. So while there will be opportunities for interim analyses in the study, we're going to be careful to preserve the integrity of the study. You can be confident that as soon as we have results that we think are meaningful, you'll be the second to know. We're definitely going to announce these results. It will be very important. But we want to preserve the integrity of the study in the interest of patient care.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Right, David. On KEYNOTE-189, yeah. The study completed a little bit later. I mean it completed enrollment a little bit later, I think in March. But the event rate – based on our prior experience and what we're seeing now, the event rate is low. And so we simply calculate, well, based on the power of the study and what we expect the hazard ratio to be, we simply calculate how long – how many events we will have, at which times, and how many events we need to see. And that's how we come up with the date. On the other hand, we're going to be following that event rate very closely. And so it can't have stabilized at this point. And so we do expect that there will be opportunities for interim analyses and that we'll have a chance to see them. I can't give you any clarity about exactly when that will take place. And again, with IDO1, I think the issue is that across a range of different tumor types, we saw evidence that the combination of IDO1 with KEYTRUDA appeared to provide benefit in terms of response rate. That's what drove the Phase III study design. We announced that there will be a half dozen such studies. And we were just beginning to post those studies. The information that's on clinicaltrials.gov gives you a feel for what we're trying to get done there. But I hasten to add we do not know for sure that the combination of IDO1 plus KEYTRUDA in a larger study, where you have randomization and control, that you're actually going to see that improvement in response rate, or that improvement in response rate will translate into durable responses that have a meaningful impact on progression and overall survival. So those are the things that we're going to be looking at, because clearly we're trying to improve treatment for cancer patients. It's that simple.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Right, Steve. So I can't really comment on IMpower of course and how they've designed their studies and what treatment effect they believe they're seeing. For us, we decided to revise our program in order to put more – to assign more of the study power to the overall survival endpoint. We have dual primary endpoints. And overall survival is clearly the important thing. KEYNOTE-021G gives us a lot of confidence we had anyway in terms of the improvement of PFS. The issue really is the OS data. That's the thing that's proved to be most important. And really to us, very impressive that overall survival is continuing to separate as we look further on in the KEYNOTE-021G study, despite the fact that the study is really comparing early versus late KEYTRUDA therapy. Remember, everybody gets chemotherapy and then they get KEYTRUDA. The crossover numbers are such that anybody who fails on chemotherapy then gets KEYTRUDA. And what that means is you either got KEYTRUDA at the beginning, or you got it late. And because there's such a dramatic decline in PFS, with a median PFS of less than nine months in the chemotherapy arm, everybody gets KEYTRUDA pretty quickly. So that business of KEYTRUDA versus early versus late becomes very important. And that's the thing we really want to make sure that we understand and that we obtain very solid data on in the KEYNOTE-189 study. Because ultimately that's practice changing. That's crucially important. That's crucially important for the survival of patients with non-small cell lung cancer. So that's what we've done in that study.
Roger M. Perlmutter: So, Alex, no, there's no mandatory crossover. And you've hit the exact point, which was in response to a different question from (43:56), which is basically if we are – if we look at the study and we announce PFS. And the study is very positive in PFS at a time when overall survival is immature, the fact that that study behaves in that way will cause patients who are progressing to drop out. They will gain access, of course, to KEYTRUDA in second line. We've already demonstrated that KEYTRUDA is extremely effective in second-line therapy based on the KEYNOTE-010 data. And so in essence you're going to be looking at crossover. But the key thing we need to understand in this patient population is really what is the overall survival difference as a result of providing the combination of KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy early as opposed to KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy late? And so we want to try and make sure that we can understand that difference, because that's what's important ultimately for physicians and for patients, as they contemplate how best to treat non-small cell lung cancer. This is the opportunity to do that.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Right, Gregg. So the first question is with respect to our pneumococcal conjugate vaccine program. We have a very broad program in pneumococcal conjugate vaccines. We are looking at mechanisms whereby we can expand the set of carbohydrate specificities in order to improve vaccination, improve resistance to invasive pneumococcal disease. We believe that we have freedom to operate in this area. We've always believed that. And we are moving forward with the first of these opportunities, V-114, which will be advancing into Phase III very shortly. With respect to the combination of ipilimumab with KEYTRUDA, the study is designed to look to see whether those two agents when combined together really offer meaningful advantage as opposed to KEYTRUDA alone. I think that comparison, the randomized comparison of the combination of those two agents versus KEYTRUDA alone is a critical one, because of course you do add very substantial toxicity when you add ipilimumab to the therapeutic regimen. And of course we've already demonstrated the impressive results that one gets in combination with chemotherapy. So that's the comparison that ultimately needs to be made.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And with regard to MSI-high, obviously having a multitude of indications is very helpful. And it helped establish KEYTRUDA as a new standard of care in oncology. What we're doing right now is working to increase awareness of MSI-high testing and the value of KEYTRUDA across other tumor types. As you know MSI-high is an established biomarker, but it's primarily used in colorectal cancer or endometrial cancer. Right now if you think about MSI-high, it's available across a wide spectrum of cancers, some that are common like I just mentioned. Others that are uncommon. So it really is a lot of education in the marketplace. So I do believe over time it will be a meaningful opportunity. But in the short term, it's going to take some time for education as the market will evolve.
Roger M. Perlmutter: So, Geoff, on ECHO data, let me just say that we do not have sufficient information at the present time to know whether the combination of IDO1 antagonist and KEYTRUDA actually provides meaningful benefit. We continue to accrue data that is intriguing, that says that there is an improvement in response rate. And as I've said before, that that relates to both breadth and depth of response. We are hopeful that that will translate in Phase III studies into something really very meaningful. But at the moment we don't have those data in hand. We're pursuing that through a very broad Phase III program, as you know.
Roger M. Perlmutter: So, Umer, first of all, the – we are actively involved with our colleagues at [BioPharm] Insight in designing all of these studies. These are not things that are being pursued independently by them. Secondly, the study design – and we've gone through many, many iterations on study design – we chose this particular study design because we are eager to see the contribution both in terms of efficacy as well as safety. Epacadostat in combination with KEYTRUDA compared to what we now regard as a standard in the non-small cell lung cancer setting. It is a high bar as you say, because the results of that, as demonstrated by KEYNOTE-021G and some other information we previously reported, are very impressive. And as I've said I think repeatedly on this call, I just want to make plain, we're doing these Phase III studies because we do not have randomized data that tell us that the combination of KEYTUDA plus epacadostat provides meaningful benefit. We have single-arm data that are very intriguing, because they imply that we have improved response rates, both breadth and depth. And that may translate into improvements in PFS and overall survival versus monotherapy, or in this case the combination. But it is – we do not have that information. That's the reason we're doing these studies. And we're optimistic that we will see the benefit that we believe we've seen in single-arm studies. But we just don't know.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Jami, with respect to KEYNOTE-189, as you know, we don't provide details of statistical analysis plans and health allocation. So I'm not going to go through that with you. But suffice it to say that we believe the overall survival part of the study is extremely important.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Let me start with the first question about our portfolio. So first of all, as a company we believe that a broad and balanced portfolio capitalizes on our strength and best positions the company for long term success. We are committed to making the necessary investments to optimize KEYTRUDA and LYNPARZA, as you've already heard, in addition to our many other early-stage assets in oncology. At the same time, we have a number of clinical programs across our portfolio outside oncology that we believe will be meaningful growth fillers for the company long term. For example, we're moving into Phase III with our cough compound that we acquired from Afferent. We also have a number of programs advancing in our Vaccines business. In addition, we have a lot of work going on in other areas of our early pipeline, including the next generation of HIV assets. So again, we recognize the need to balance delivering in the short term, while making the appropriate investments to drive long term growth. We actively review our portfolio on an ongoing basis to shift resources to those assets that have higher growth potential. So beyond oncology, we believe we have opportunities in areas like cough, in areas like Vaccines as we move forward. And we're going to continue to augment our pipeline in addition to that.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Thanks for the question, Chris. So we are focused on driving long term growth through innovation generally. And we see Animal Health and the innovation that we can create through that portal as a pillar of growth for the company. As we noted this quarter, it surpassed $1 billion for the first time inside our portfolio, which is meaningful. And we continue to see it going forward as a key growth driver, because it has healthy margins and as well as a strong market outlook. So from our perspective we see it fitting very nicely and augmenting our growth as an overall company. And we intend, where we find opportunities, to further augment that business with additional business development. So it's an important part of our business, Chris.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay. Well, thanks, Vamil, for the question. As it relates to our business development strategy, what we're looking for is the opportunity to find the best scientific innovations that will enhance our overall pipeline and help our patients live healthier lives. Diabetes is a very important category for us. And therefore we will continue to look for opportunities to provide a benefit to diabetic patients. But I think overall, I think the key here is we are agnostic, pretty much, to the therapeutic category. We like the work that we're doing in oncology. But we'll look beyond oncology to find other partnerships and collaborations and acquisitions that actually provide differentiated drug, regardless of therapeutic area. So I think we have a strong series of opportunities to grow our pillars our Vaccines and oncology and Animal Health. Diabetes remains important to us. And we'll look for those opportunities in diabetes and elsewhere.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Well, good morning, Jami. Let me first of all say that I'd have to go back and look at the other press releases, because we've tried to talk about the importance of business development consistently. And what I would say is that our perspective on business development is unchanged. And that is that it is an important priority for the company. We're very actively engaged and looking for the best scientific innovations to enhance our long term growth in our pipeline. As it relates to large transactions, what we've said is that we're primarily looking for those things that enhance the company's ability to innovate. We're not looking at things purely for synergies or consolidation purposes. And so I would think that our view continues to be that we're going to look for those things, particularly bolt-ons, that will help us as we go further with our innervation strategy.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So let me just close the call by saying thank you again for joining us. We are executing well. And we expect topline strength from this year, particularly for KEYTRUDA, GARDASIL, and Animal Health to continue into 2018 and beyond. We're also focusing on delivering a sustainable pipeline to drive our long term growth. And as a result, we'll continue to invest in R&D. And I'd also like to just take a moment to acknowledge all those who were impacted by the storms in Puerto Rico and Mexico over the past couple of months. I'd just say the courage and resilience that's been demonstrated is notable. And I want to thank particularly our many dedicated employees who've helped us through that period. Thank you.
