Ken Frazier: Thank you, operator, and thank you Roger. Operator, before we move into Q&A, just a reminder, so we can get through as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to just one or two questions. If you have additional questions, please feel free to rejoin the queue. So, with that, operator, we will start the Q&A session.
Ken Frazier: Let me take a step back and try to frame the strategy issues from my perspective. I’d start with what we announced on October 1, which was that we intend to drive additional efficiencies while sharpening our focus on R&D and within the commercial business to prioritize what we believe are the key programs and markets that will drive our future growth. So we talked about the importance of vaccines going forward. We talked about the importance of diabetes going forward. We talked about the importance of our oncology portfolio, which is driven largely by the anti-PD1 opportunities that we believe we’ll be working on for the next decade, frankly. And we also talked about our hospital products area. So those would be four that we actually cited as being the most important to our future growth. But as we go through this, I think what we’re also focusing on is we are now getting past our major loss of exclusivity period as well as the end of our JV with AstraZeneca. So as part of all of that prioritization, you should expect to see us focus more on those areas that I identified. But at the same time, you might look to see us divest products and programs, and potentially businesses, such as our recent announcement with Aspen, which will impact 2014. Our strategic plan has multiple levers for running the business over the long term, while being mindful that there are still short term opportunities. Let me be clear, as I said, we are evaluating all of our options to fund the right programs for the future of the company, because we know that successful R&D will be our long term competitive advantage. As Peter Kellogg mentioned, another strategic asset we have is that we have a strong balance sheet that will afford us the opportunity to accelerate business development, which is a real and important opportunity for Merck. We’ll also look for ways to continue to return cash to our shareholders. You’ve seen us raise our dividend over the past two years. We’re constantly evaluating if we can do more, because this is the primary way that we return cash to our shareholders. And we announced the $15 billion buyback, and the accelerated effort through the ASR. So we’re also, finally, as I mentioned, looking at our complementary businesses of animal health and consumer care, always to determine whether these businesses are more advantageous inside or outside the company. So I would say we have multiple levers we can pull to fund our growth over the long term while being mindful of the short term needs. But the most important ones are the areas of major focus in R&D, and the main programs that Roger has talked about, like our anti-PD1 program and our HCV portfolio.
Ken Frazier: I’ll start with animal health. The first thing, as I said, is the underlying fundamentals of the business remain solid, despite what we saw this quarter. As you know, we voluntarily implemented the temporary sales suspension of Zilmax in the United States and Canada to work with our industry partners to provide the data that will reaffirm confidence in Zilmax, which remains an FDA approved product. It’s too early to speculate on when we will resume Zilmax sales in the U.S. and Canada, but again, from my perspective, we continue to believe that there are favorable macro trends that will help us drive growth in our animal health business going forward.
Ken Frazier: Let me just say that what I was trying to convey is just as we’re looking across our R&D and commercial portfolio and sharpening our focus on each of the assets there, so too with respect to animal health and the consumer care. I would say we’re currently evaluating those businesses the way we’re evaluating everything, to figure out whether those businesses produce the most value inside our portfolio or outside our portfolio. I did not mean to imply anything whatsoever with respect to timing, but I would say, again, we are currently evaluating those businesses just as we are sharpening our focus on every aspect of our business.
Ken Frazier: Let me just add that, as I said in my comments, we are very focused on strengthening Januvia in the United States, for all the reasons that Adam just stated. But it’s also important to remember that we have another set of opportunities in our portfolio, including vaccines, immunology, HIV, and others. And so even in a quarter where we actually had less than positive growth in the U.S. for Januvia, we’re still able to grow our 4% [unintelligible] portfolios. So I just want to make sure that we are also focused as a company and ask others to remember that we have multiple things in our broad portfolio.
Ken Frazier: Let me start on animal health. Zilmax was a major issue. I would also say that across the board this quarter it wasn’t the strongest quarter, but I come back to the point that I made before, which is that there are favorable macro trends for these businesses, and we continue to expect very good growth going forward.
Ken Frazier: I should also point out on the animal health that this quarter we had plus 2% growth overall, if you adjust for exchanges.
Ken Frazier: Can I make a correction? On the response to Dave Risinger’s question, I think I said that the animal health sales was 2% ex-exchange. It’s ex-exchange, and it’s also excluding Zilmax.
Ken Frazier: Why don’t I start with the 2013 plan issues. I would start by saying that I guess the things that were the most negative things versus assumptions, obviously Januvia U.S. growth we had hoped would be stronger. Also, the impact of our hepatitis C category in terms of Victrelis growth and Pegintron’s growth, given warehousing of patients, were things that we wish had gone better. On the other hand, I think in a year of patent expiries, being able to continue to drive underlying growth in vaccines, immunology, HIV, are all important. Geographically, continuing to be in the emerging markets and doing well in the emerging markets year to date, I think is also a very positive thing. The biggest thing that makes me excited, though, is I have to look past any particular quarter. And when you see things like the breakthrough designations for our anti-PD1, and for our HCV program, those are things that I think are the most important to the company going forward. And those are the areas where we want to continue to be focused, where we can drive the greatest amount of growth going forward.
Ken Frazier: First, with respect to your question about animal health and consumer, whether it’s the operational issues or the value to shareholders, it’s both. And at the end of the day, our goal is to maximize long term cash flow for our shareholders, and we are looking at these businesses like we do everything else, versus other opportunities that would allow us to drive that long term cash flow.
Ken Frazier: Okay, let me just close by saying this was another solid quarter, driven by vaccines, immunology, and HIV businesses. Going forward, I’d have to say that none of us are pleased with the Januvia performance in the United States, and we’re going to continue to focus our efforts and our investments on making Januvia in the U.S. stronger going forward. We are obviously focusing on reducing costs, but reducing them in a way that doesn’t compromise this company’s long term ability to do that which it’s here to do, which is to do the innovation, that actually makes a huge difference to patients and payers and to society in general. In that regard, we’re very pleased with the breakthrough designation that we got for our HCV regimen. We’re also very excited and hopeful about the interim lung data for anti-PD1 as well as the future for this therapy going forward. So, in the end, I would say that we continue to plug on here at Merck. We’re hoping to drive greater growth as we go forward, and we’re very much focused on our pipeline as the means for doing that, both our internal pipeline as well as a reinvigorated approach to business development. Thank you very much, and look forward to speaking to you soon.
Roger Perlmutter: We don’t know what the length of the therapeutic regimen will be. We’ve sort of taken a [swipe] at it in our studies, and we have two years of therapy in our current study protocols. But we’re not sure what the durability will be like, and we’re also not sure what it would be like to engage in retreatment in individuals who may have failed. So those are big questions that we’ll have to get at in the future. At the moment, we’re still trying to establish what the fundamental response rates are and the durability response, in a variety of different tumor settings.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to odanacatib, yes, exactly. Just keep in mind, again, as was announced some time ago, we have a data safety and monitoring committee that halted the base study early for robust efficacy and a favorable benefit risk profile. Those were the words they used. So we have to take that seriously. We know what’s underlying all of this. The point is, though, that in order to complete the odanacatib study, we need to have a full intention to treat data set that captures all individuals who were enrolled and exposed to investigational product, and provides the basis for adjudication of all effects in those patients. And to that end, we’ve been pursuing that. We’re making very good progress. We’ll get all of that information tidied up at that point. I think we’re prepared to say all right, we’ve got it in hand, now let’s actually look in detail at the benefit risk profile and know therefore how the drug can be used. Our expectation is still that we should be in a position to file in 2014, as we’d indicated previously. We’re continuing along that path, and I think we’re making good progress now in getting going to last few bits of data from the many, many sites, of course that we’re involved in this 16,000 patient study.
Roger Perlmutter: First of all, on [base] we have a safety run in study which is then followed by the Phase III study in individuals with mild to moderate impairment. And that study is definitely going forward. And I guess I should just highlight here the magnitude of the problem is something that we’re all aware of. The genetic data supporting the importance of beta secretase, processing of amyloid precursor protein, and the production of the a-beta peptide simply couldn’t be stronger. And the challenge is to know whether individuals who’ve already suffered some degree of neurologic damage, whether inhibition of beta secretase enhanced the reduction in a-beta production, which we have shown takes place in people, in CSF, whether that’s meaningful. And I think we all need to know the answer to that question. It’s hugely important for all of us. And I think all of us should have our fingers crossed that it actually works, because there’s a desperate need for a new therapy in this area. And secondly, with respect to PD1, yes, we do have an over 1,000 patient Phase I trial, which was designed to have substudies that permit exploration of dose and schedule as well as looking at other tumor types. And we have set it up in exactly that way in order to be able to acquire sufficient data to know exactly how to proceed in registration enabling studies. And of course we have a very large number of patients, as you know, that we are now treating with our 3475, the data are coming in, and as we become persuaded that there’s something there that would really provide a benefit to people, we’ll certainly be having those discussions with the agency. Again, as you know, we have breakthrough designation, and so we are in a position to have discussions fairly frequently and are certainly doing so. But I can’t tell you what that means in terms of our ultimate filing strategy.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to base, there has always been the concern, and we’ve discussed it in many different contexts of these calls, that though beta secretase inhibition may be enormously useful in delaying the onset of dementia, it may be necessary to go in quite early. And the question is, when do you go in? The genetic data says we believe there would be a very strong effect of beta secretase inhibition if you could start very, very early, but on the other hand, we can’t do a 20 or 30 year outcome study. So the goal is to try and go early enough to make sure that we will see an effect, and hence we had always planned to do a prodromal study. We posted the prodromal study on clinicaltrials.gov, as it’s in the planning stage, and we are working to come up with exactly how that will be done. And I don’t think you should read anything more into it than that. But I think I still regard this as a hugely important program for us and for people around the world.
Roger Perlmutter: At a high level, first of all, the expectation is that having demonstrated that there is activity for 3475, that we want to look at combinations with conventional chemotherapies. And some of that’s already underway with targeted chemotherapies, more novel, targeted chemotherapies, combinations with other immunomodulators and then other novel agents that are active in relevant tumor types where we know that 3475 has some evidence of an effect. Now, you should expect that you’re going to see a number of those combinations getting posted very soon. And in particular, as I’ve indicated before, on prior calls, we’ve had a group working in the background, before PD1 actually, on the sets of immunoregulatory molecules on the lymphocyte cell surface, that could potentially be important in responses. And a lot of that is coming to fruition and is, right now, in studies that are enabling for entry into humans. So I would expect all of those things to be coming forward at more or less the same time early on in 2014, and that’s when you should expect to be seeing a lot of those combinations come. There’s an enormous amount of work to be done. And more or less to the point that Ken made, we’re going to be studying this molecule, and how best to use it, for a very, very long time, because it’s responsive in a lot of tumor types. So there’s a huge amount of work to be done to find out how best to use 3475 and to bring the benefits of this therapy to patients who so desperately need it.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to our programs, we have been looking at a variety of different ways to assist in the therapy of patients with diabetes. We haven’t disclosed any information about how we might move forward in that area, so I really don’t have any comments about that. I wonder if you were thinking about our recently approved vaccine production facility. But in any case, we’ll have more information for you on advancing our diabetes franchise and therapy for diabetic patients in the future.
Roger Perlmutter: And with respect to the HCV program, I can’t provide explicit timing for you. I would just say as I mentioned we have a portfolio of molecules. We have breakthrough designation of course as we’ve indicated, for the combination of 5172 and 8742. But there are other molecules as well, and I think the key is getting to an all-oral pangenotypic ribavirin-free regimen that is useful in patients irrespective of comorbidities. And that’s an important thing to keep in mind, right? Because these patients, who have chronic HCV infection, are in general elderly patients who have other things going on. So it would be important that whatever drug cocktails are used in these patients, in order to cure them of HCV, that these be things that are tolerable and can be used, even with the comorbid situation. So we’re focusing on all of that. Very excited about where we are in the program, and we’re going to move it forward just as quickly as we can.
Roger Perlmutter: I have to say that I think that it is the case that I’m not happy with where we stand in terms of how our organization has been able to deliver documents that meet regulatory guidelines. I just am really not happy with that. And as a result, I have been leaning into this process very, very heavily. There is no single explanation for what has gone on over the last few years. First of all, of course there are issues with respect to study design, and complexity in study design always makes it challenging to deliver data sets that are interpretable on first pass. There are also issues related to study execution. There are complexities associated with this. And then there is the fact that there have been many studies that have been large outcome studies and those have their own challenges associated with them. Suffice it to say that there are a number of issues that I’ve identified and that we’re working to correct. We’re doing a lot to improve the management of our safety data and our good clinical practice approach. I’m very pleased that we have a new head of global safety who will be joining us next month, and we also are bringing in some additional people to shore this up. I’m confident that we can get to a point where we and the FDA can work together in a way that brings files forward that pass muster right from the beginning, and that’s my goal.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to the 3475 lung cancer data, again, it’s a small data set, but I think that what we’re learning, as is plain from the abstract, and as you’ll see, that there clearly is evidence of a response. And looking at the nuances of those responses and in particular whether or not there are characteristics of patients that have predictive value, with respect to response, I think that could prove to be very important. And so I would look at that. We’re going to have more data that will be coming out at all the major scientific meetings, including SMR. AACR is going on, I believe, in February, and there will be more data presented there, before ASCO. So we have a lot of studies going on, and we will have the opportunity to make sure that in the appropriate scientific forums we present data that places 3475 therapy in the context of what can be done for patients with a widely disseminated malignant disease.
Roger Perlmutter: And for PD-L1, first of all, I think we know already, as is typical in malignant disease, that PD-L1 is not an exclusive biomarker. It’s not the case that only those individuals whose tumors have expressed PD-L1 are going to be responsive. And hence there’s a reason, depending upon the magnitude of the response, and the degree of adverse effect, to think about treating with PD1 even in those who are PD-L1 negative. The question is what is the correlation and does it differ from one tumor type to the other, and can you use it as a way to begin to focus your attention on different patient subsets? And I think more data are coming out on that. I think there will be more data that will be available coming up at the lung cancer meetings and then at meetings after that. So that’s a useful thing to look at. The second thing is when you think about where else to go with PD1, and one of the advantages of having a 1,000 patient Phase I study that focuses on many groups, but including all epithelial tumors, is that we have a chance to look at individuals in whom we see evidence of a response and ask can we tell from that whether there might be subsets of patients who would really benefit. And then from that we roll out more focused studies. That’s what we’re doing. And you’ll have a chance to see those data, as I indicated, that there’s now quite a number of different tumors that we are exploring directly. We’ve announced previously that we’re doing work in triple negative breast, for example, and head and neck cancer, and uroepithelial tumors. And in all of these areas, we have found evidence for a therapeutic effect. The question is, how good is it? How do you use this drug in combination with others? There’s a lot of work to be done here. But I’d just say, from my perspective, the breadth of responsiveness is quite impressive, and suggests that we could have a very, very active agent here that would prove to be useful in a number of different settings.
Adam Schechter: And with regard to 2014, we’re not giving specific guidance at this time. And we don’t typically give discounts and rebates on individual products. But what I will say is if you look at where we are today, we have about 80% access in manage care. So we believe that we will have a similar, very strong formulary position in 2014, with greater than 80% access. And as to rebate and discounting, we’ll continue to be aggressive in the marketplace, but with that said, we’re going to maintain a very strong access position for Januvia in ’14.
Adam Schechter: Let me give you some context to Januvia and Janumet. I’m going to start first at a high level, and a global high level, which says, and it’s clear, that diabetes is a growing epidemic, that it is a significant concern in almost every market around the world, including the United States. And if you talk to any government, the would tell you that they’re very concerned about the growth of expenditures due to diabetic patients. So the market underlying demographics reams very strong. If you look at the United States, we had a decline of 8% year over year, but that was almost entirely due to customer inventory levels, where we saw a greater than $60 million decrease in the inventory levels. If you focus on TRx volume in the U.S., you saw about a 2% decline in volume. We did see a benefit from price, but with the continued pressure on rebates and discounts, we saw several percentage points that could be attributed to price. When you think about guidance in the U.S., what you’re seeing is it’s very difficult to predict the channel movements. You saw last quarter we had 9% growth. This quarter we had minus 8%. And that’s primarily due to the changes in wholesalers and channels. So what I am focusing on are putting the right resources behind Januvia in order to change the current TRx trend. And I believe the most important thing to watch is the TRx trend. And what we need to do as we go into 2014 is to ensure that we don’t continue to see TRx volume losses. The fact that we still have greater than a 70% market share, despite four DPP4s in the marketplace, tells you that we have a very strong position. We are losing a little bit of market share each month, but you would expect that with four competitors. The real key is that the DPP4 market in the branded oral anti-diabetic market isn’t growing. Typically when you have four or five new branded products in the market you see growth in the market, and you see expansion in the market. We’re not seeing that right now in the United States. So we have to focus on moving patients that are currently on sulfonylureas to Januvia or make sure that Januvia is seen as the likely next step after metformin before sulfonylureas. Outside the U.S., it’s a very different story. Outside the U.S. we still have about 70% market share. We saw 15% growth year over year, and despite losing a little bit of market share in markets here and there, the overall market is continuing to grow. So with the market growth that we’re seeing outside the U.S., that’s why we’re still able to see very strong volume growth despite losing a small amount of market share.
Adam Schechter: In China, our underlying demand remains strong. And we did see some hospital inventory declines associated with the current situation there. There’s nothing specific to Merck versus the other multinational companies. There was some timing of tenders that occurred, but overall we’re seeing better performance this month than we did last month versus the prior month. So there’s nothing that you should think of different for us versus the other multinational companies and what they’ve faced in China. The other thing affecting our emerging markets performance this quarter was wholesaler inventory levels in Mexico. We saw very strong growth in Brazil, Korea, Russia, and Turkey, and we expect you’ll see better emerging market growth in the fourth quarter of this year.
Adam Schechter: I’ll discuss, first, the TRx trend for Januvia. And currently, if you look at the IMS data on a weekly basis, we’re seeing about a 2% to 2.5% decline in TRxs. And I would encourage you to focus on the TRx volume, because that’s what’s most closely correlated to overall sales. And what I’m trying to say is that in order for us to grow for next year, what we have to do is see a change in that volume. If that volume continues to decline, obviously it’s going to be a problem for us to grow. I do think there are some things that we’re doing right now in order to help us find ways to grow, and I’ll give you a few examples. Number one, we’ve spent a lot of our time defending our market share versus competition. And I think we’ve done a very good job of defending our market share. And I think you can see that by the fact that in the United States we have well over 70% share, closer to 75% share, of the DPP4 class. What we have not been able to do is to get the class to grow by moving patients from sulfonylureas or to use DPP4s prior to sulfonylureas. I think that our sales forces have been distracted by focusing on market share. We now have representatives that are solely dedicated to focusing on market growth and trying to move share from sulfonylureas to Januvia. And I think that should help us. In addition to that, we’ve seen the impact of the new competitors, and I think for the most part they’ve begun to level off. So I think that now we can start to focus again away from market share and more on market growth. With regard to the outcomes trials, I think that any positive outcomes trial in the DPP4 class should be helpful to the entire class. And as you may recall, our [TICO] study will read out at the end of 2014. The other thing that we have on the horizon is MK3102, which I believe will be a very important compound, and could potentially have people start on a DPP4 even earlier than they do today. And then you also mentioned that we have an SGLT2 as well as an SGLT2 combination with Januvia. So I believe the diabetes class is an important one for us today, and it will be important for us in the future. Today it’s about maximizing Januvia and trying to move business from sulfonylureas over to Januvia. In the future, we’ll be able to have 3102 as well as SGLT2 and an SGLT2 combination.
Adam Schechter: I think that’s an important note, Ken. And as we’ve continued to focus on Januvia, of course we will find ways to ensure that we are maximizing the potential in our vaccines business, which showed very significant growth this quarter, to maximize Remicade and Simponi and the other products in the portfolio. So I want to assure you that although we have significant focus on Januvia, we are also focusing on our other growth drivers because I think those enable us to show things like 7% underlying growth in the U.S. when you adjust for the patent expiration, and it allows us to grow 4% on a global basis.
Adam Schechter: I’ll go ahead and take that Remicade and Simponi question. If you look at Remicade and Simponi, we had a combined growth of about 16% ex foreign exchange this quarter, where Remicade was 12% and Simponi was about 405. If you look at the Remicade growth, there was some benefit to the timing and tenders. If you exclude that, our growth rate was in the mid-single digits. And I also believe that Simponi will represent the strongest growth opportunity, particularly with the UC approval that we had last month, and we’re continuing to prepare for launch. If you look at the biosimilars, we anticipate biosimilars in smaller markets next year, and if you look at those markets, they represent less than 20% of our current Remicade business. So we believe that we’ll continue to be successful overall with Remicade in the market, in the largest markets, where there won’t be biosimilars. And we don’t believe that having a biosimilar Remicade should necessarily impact the sales as we move forward with Simponi.
Peter Kellogg: Thanks, Adam. So I’ll come back on your PGM question, and in fact just to restate, in the third quarter of this year our PGM was about 74%, and that’s compared to 75.2% last year. And really most of that year over year impact is what we’ve been indicating all along, which is the generic impact of having Singulair go off patent, both in the U.S. and in Europe. And obviously Singulair was a very high PGM product, so that’s primarily the driver of that. On a sequential basis, we actually had some additional product mix, as we went from the second to the third quarter, and in the second quarter we actually benefited from some productivity gains. Now, foreign exchange was really a minor impact actually in the third quarter year over year, so that’s not a big driver this time. It’s much more the impact of these patent expirations. But I do want to mention, while we’re talking about PGM, we do have an ongoing multiyear effort to run our manufacturing network in a more and more efficient manner. We’ve made great progress so far, and you’ll recall back at the time of the merger, we had 95 plants around the world. And today we’re down to about 58 sites around the world. So great progress already, and the productivity from that continues to come through. And so at this point, what you’re seeing on the PGM line is nice productivity gains from all that work and all those actions, but we do see, on the other hand, the impact of the expiries as well as pricing pressure that we’ve all talked about, which tightens up the PGM line as well. So it’s a bit of a balancing, and what we’ve indicated is that for this year, 2013, we expect PGM to be down at least or more than 1 point versus prior year, on a full year basis. We haven’t given guidance yet for next year, but obviously we’re down now, at this point, where we’re out of a lot of the Singulair expiry impact. You know, Singulair went off patent, and actually the sales declined very rapidly, as you know. So as we go into 2014, we’ll see other things coming into effect, such as the AstraZeneca joint venture and others. But basically most of that LOE impact is done as far as Singulair is concerned.
Peter Kellogg: Why don’t I take the first question, on the operating expenses. At this point, we haven’t given guidance further than that, but one thing I’d like to highlight - I’d mentioned on the call, in my comments earlier - is that in R&D we did have some timing impacts. Actually, our guidance on a full year basis hasn’t changed much. It’s just tightened the range. And so really in that regard, the second half of the year is pretty much as our guidance was previously. It’s just that we actually got a little lighter spending in the third quarter, and we expect with the startup of some of the activity on SGLT2 as well as our growing drive against PD1 and the broadening clinical trial base that’s going on in that program, we expect to see R&D pick up some of that. So on a full year basis we’re still in the same neighborhood. On China, I’ll turn that over to Adam.
Peter Kellogg: And with regard to tenders, we don’t break out our specific tender sales. And in fact we’re still working to win some for the fourth quarter. So you’re always working through the quarter to win as many of the tenders as you can. And then once you win them, it’s how fast you can ship, and whether you ship in the fourth quarter or the first quarter for those winning tenders. But what I ask you to do, from a bigger picture perspective, in the first quarter we grew 8% in emerging markets. In the second quarter we grew 10% in emerging markets. I’m saying the third quarter is an anomaly at 2%, that we believe that the fourth quarter will be stronger growth than what you saw in the third quarter, which will be partially due to tenders, but there will be other reasons with the underlying dynamics of our business.
Peter Kellogg: If I can add to that, Ken, the one thing I would add also is that in 2013 we just saw an exceptionally strong impact from the Japanese yen forex, and we just probably didn’t see that coming quite as much, and that, combined with the devaluation in Venezuela, caused us to change our guidance earlier this year. But again, I think against that, and some of the comments pointed to that, we’ve had a very proactive cost management response. So basically I think that’s something that we’re now set up for as we go into 2014. We seem to manage well in this environment, and the foreign exchange rates have stabilized. The euro’s come back a little bit, so we’ll have to kind of watch that. Obviously, Venezuela continues to be a topic that we’ll all have to watch as we go forward in all years going forward, but in general I think we shouldn’t miss how big the impact was from the yen and the Venezuelan devaluation this year.
