Ken Frazier: Okay so thank you Roger and thank you and I have thank you letter and thank you, Andrea (ph). So before we move into Q&A, I just remind you that we’re going to try to get to as many questions as possible. If you could keep your questions to one or two and if you have additional questions if you can rejoin the queue this way we can get to as many calls as possible. So Andrea you can go ahead and open up the first line for questions.
Ken Frazier: Let’s start with the animal health and consumer question. So, I would say that overall reflecting on this quarter it was an okay quarter for those businesses but if you step back, you'll see that they grew low single-digits and we look back beyond the third quarter we think both are performing well. So I would not let one quarter be the answer for those two businesses, as I’ve said we continue to think of them as being complementary businesses that will help us over the longer term contributing to our top and bottom line growth.
Ken Frazier: And with respect to your JANUVIA question, I will turn it over to Adam, but again we are pleased that we saw the product perform better this quarter versus the first quarter, we think it’s rebounding and we are continuing to provide tremendous support behind it. So, with that, I will turn it over to Adam.
Ken Frazier: Let me just start by saying we of course maintained our EPS guidance and so I want to make that very clear. In terms of what’s happening with the sales you heard, Adam talk about the foreign exchange but there also have been during the course of this year we took on some I think at the beginning some pretty ambitious revenue targets given the fact that we were facing major patent expires that’s how we try to deal with the situation last year that was undertaking this year. We have seen some things that have impacted product trends this year and including Januvia  happened and what have you heard out without warning, saying it would also have been arguing the court this year we took on them. I think in the beginning. This is readily talking. Given the fact that we were facing major, naturally, but I would try to deal with the situation last year. That was not undertaken this year we have been found things that have impacted product this year, including Januvia we have seen the, we’re housing an is unique. We are helping HCV (ph) just to pick up couple of major growth drivers that we have seen an impact on this year. So I just want to just underscore that we take our guidance very seriously during the course of the year as you know we have seen negative impact on four year sales of about 3% for foreign exchange but we have also seen some other impacts that it us like this quarter there was a onetime charge for MCC and I would also point out that if you look at our overall you can see that we’re managing cost in order for us to continue to deliver our bottom-line EPS guidance which again I take very seriously.
Ken Frazier: I will just underscore what Peter just said I think from our standpoint looking for M&A deals that would be sensible value creating bolt-on deals is something that we will be very interested in doing but we have tried to become and remain a very discipline company when it comes paying for assets so that we can actually create shareholder value with them over the longer term. So deals is the number one priority that we can create value, we have enhanced our share repurchase, we obviously remain committed to our dividend but in the long term it's product that drive this business and that’s why we’re going to continue to look for sensible opportunities to augment our pipeline whether it's licensing or bolt-on M&A deals.
Ken Frazier: I will turn the first question over to Peter, but just from the operating standpoint, we are reiterating our EPS guidance.
Ken Frazier: Absolutely Mark it's I would try to give you as much as specific as we can because it's such a big growth driver for us and if you look at the interview (ph) what I said was that off the 9% U.S. growth about 1% was from volume, 4% was from inventory, the rest of it was from price so that makes about 4% price. You’ve to be careful extrapolating that over every quarter because mix can have a significant impact on how much price comes to it at any point in time also the timing of your price increase makes that a little difficult for you to try to predict and look for it to be the same quarter-over-quarter. With regard to the inventory, we did see about $30 million of inventory movement this month which I mentioned. On the base of business that we have it's very, very small $30 million so it's very difficult to predict the channel movements from one quarter to another, we are not seeing large channel movements in terms of how big the product is in the United States. It's relatively small but small channel movements can have $30 million to $50 million impact. So that’s why for the guidance that I gave for the rest of the year I said mid-single digits for the U.S. but I excluded the movement of channel in there because you can’t predict $30 million to $50 million of channel movement, it's within a half a day sales or something like that, so that’s how I think about the inventory moving forward. With regard to Iqwig so on July 1st they announced the outcome of their assessment of Januvia and some other PP Force. We were pleased that they have recommended that there is add benefit for Januvia when added to metformin. We’re very pleased with that. That’s the beginning of the process, the next step is a decision on the added medical value by the GBA and that’s expected in the fourth quarter of this year. Once that happens you actually go into the reimbursement discussions so we’re happy with where we are today, we’re very pleased with the initial assessment but there is still a lot more work for us to do and it will be another six months before we probably know the final outcome of that. Just to put that in perspective for you Mark, if you look at Germany it represents less than 5% of our Januvia family sales to just give you a sense of the magnitude of that so we’re excited with what’s happened thus far which is still a long way to go.
Ken Frazier: Okay. So, let me start with the animal health and consumer conversation that we had today. So, first of all, I have been saying for years that I think that, that is complementary to our business, but I also have been saying that we periodically assess our overall business strategy based on business opportunity. We believe that business diversity can be complementary and contribute to our top and bottom line growth, but if we were to view these assets as being more productive outside the company, we would consider other alternatives. So, I am saying that we constantly reassess and reevaluate our entire portfolio. That’s an ongoing thing for us. When I said that I consider them complementary again, that’s not a new comment, I have made that ever since I have been CEO, but I am also saying that we have to look at the overall performance of the portfolio and decide basically how we can maximize long-term cash flow for shareholders. With respect to R&D, the first point I would make is that we continue to think innovation is going to be the long-term driver of the company’s success. We are going to continue to invest in programs like PD-1 to ensure that we bring those products to market as quickly as possible and reach their full potential. We are always looking to improve productivity across the company. So, I will let Roger comment on what he sees going forward, but I would say that in every aspect of our business, we are looking for an opportunity as you heard Roger saying he is evaluating programs, processes, and people. I think it’s appropriate though to give him some time to assess that entire equation and decide how he is going to drive better ROI going forward. We also by the way did say that we are lowering our R&D guidance of 2013 versus 2012. So, all those things coming together, I think directionally say something about R&D spending inside the company, but I do again think Roger has the right opportunity to look at the overall picture and decide how he wants to improve ROI going forward. I will just close by saying at the end of the day all of these companies at the end of the day have to innovate and they have to bring forward clinically meaningfully differentiated products the way that Roger has said and that remains to me the major focus of Merck and Merck’s strategy.
Ken Frazier: So why don’t I talk a little bit about DDP-4 class, and I will focus outside the U.S. because that’s where you focus and I spoke a lot about the U.S. already. I just want to reiterate that we had good volume growth in all regions and we had good growth if you just look at the five core European markets we’ve very strong growth, not only in volume, but also in dollars. I believe the environment in Europe is tough and I think it will continue to be tough but I also believe that the value that physicians and patient see in a product like Januvia is very strong and also when you talk to the government. I do believe that they see the value that a product like to Januvia can bring into the marketplace. And the marketplace tends to show you the value of the product based upon the utilization and when you look at the utilization of Januvia. I think it's because position, not only the great efficacy that you can see on HbA1C but they also feel comfortable with the safety profile that they have been accustomed to. And if you look at the cost of the implications of diabetes they are very significant, in Europe typically the DDP-4s are utilized after metformin so it's not threatening the largest generic in Europe, it's actually being utilized after the generics are used in Europe. So I think that it shows that there is a way to try to use a low-cost metformin but since many patients can't get the goal on a low cost metformin sulfonylurea has safety or side effect issues that the physicians are looking for a way to control diabetes such as with Januvia and then the government sees the implications of notching diabetes in terms of the macrovascular disease and microvascular disease in terms of hospital admissions and so forth. So I still think that there is a strong potential for Januvia in Europe. In addition to that we still have markets that we’re waiting for reimbursement outside of Europe such as in China, where we think there is also opportunities for the future.
Ken Frazier: Okay. Let me take the consumer question. We have looked at the profitability of our consumer business and we believe its back up well against its competitors. I agree that the asset is smaller compared to our pharmaceutical business. I said before that it’s not global scale, but it’s a very good business that produces really strong cash flow. And we also continue to see that the OTC opportunities, which I control is the most recent example for us do give us the complementary tag to our pharmaceutical business.
Ken Frazier: Okay, so thanks Gregg. Let me just close by saying I think this was a good quarter, a solid quarter. Going forward, our strong focus will remain on growth for the company as well as driving greater profitability. It was good to see a bounce back in certain sales, particularly JANUVIA. We had good back scenes in immunology sales. It’s great to see that the emerging markets are still moving ahead in a very strong way. As we go further, we will continue to invest thoughtfully in these commercial opportunities as well as our pipeline opportunities. We are very excited about, for example, PD-1s. And as we think about this business going forward, we continue to think that innovation has got to be the key, but we’ve got to be very careful to deliver the right kind of reductions at our cost base that will allow us to do that in a sustainable way. So, thank you very much for your attention, and I look forward to talking to you in future quarters and in future venues. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Adam Schechter: I would add I think in the animal health business they are in the middle of rolling out the Activel (ph) product line which we’re very excited about as well as SUPRIVA rather and I think I reminded you that last year in the second quarter we actually had some very strong performance as we picked up some business where there were other stocks some of our competitors, so we’re probably are in the animal health business slapping a pretty strong prior year. For the other questions maybe I will pass it over to Roger.
Adam Schechter: Yes, hi Chris. Let me give you some additional context in the U.S. and also give you a little bit of more color outside the U.S. Now, we are thinking about outside the U.S. So, as I discussed in the U.S., we had 9% growth and I tried to give you some context of that by breaking it down, where we had 1% that was volume, 4% was inventory, and the rest was price. The real key is changing this TRx trend, and that’s what we are frankly focused on. The real issue Chris is that we have a 75% market share in the U.S. despite a very significant number of competitors. So, it’s not about time to gain more market share, it’s really about getting sulfonylurea use over into DPP-IVs of which we have the lion’s share. Typically, with multiple new entrants in the market, you see a lot of class growth. We don’t see a lot of class growth despite all the new competitors that have come into the marketplace. So, the way for us to change the trend is really to focus on the switch from sulfonylureas. And sulfonylureas still represent about 35% of the patient days of therapy. So, there is still a big opportunity there for us to go after. So, what we have done is we have increased our focus. We now have dedicated sales force and thereafter they are promoting they are engaged. In addition to that, we have increased our promotion spending and our print direct-to-consumer advertising. All of our focus now is on the sulfonylurea utilization up until the first quarter this year most of our focus is on the TVD opportunity, that’s no longer there. So, it really is about sulfonylureas. The good news is that we have maintained our strong managed care access in the U.S. So, we have access to our products in over 80% of the patients we have preferred access. And now it really is about executing on the sulfonylureas strategy in the United States. Outside the United States, we still have a very significant opportunity in every region outside the U.S. had strong volume growth. The one thing I think is important that although we had 11% growth X effects. The big difference between X effects and FX was the yen. We have a very significant amount of our sales in Japan for JANUVIA. In Japan, you may recall the DPP-IV class is the number one class of oral diabetics in Japan. In Japan, it’s ahead of metformin, it’s ahead of sulfonylureas, and we have by far the leading market share. At the same time on every other quarter we get supply sales from our co-marketing partner which happened this quarter, so when you look at our success in Japan, plus the supply sales coming in lumpy you can see how the yen would have a very significant impact on our sales when you don't adjust for exchange that’s the difference primarily for the underlying business performance being very strong but what you see including foreign exchange. Outside the US, we continue to anticipate low double-digit growth, and we see that we're getting that volume and I think the opportunity remains very strong there for us.
Adam Schechter: And Tony with respect to 8931 the structure of the program is that we have an initial phase in which we analyze, we enroll and analyze a set of patients over a three month period each patient exposed for three months in order to look at dose ranging and to look at safety intolerability and based on those results we then proceed into our large Phase-III study. We believe that we will complete that safety run-in period including the three months drug exposure by the end of this year. Our hope and belief of course is let’s say intolerability will be expected and we will move on into the large efficacy portion of the trial. If there were any problem of course we would let you know and proceed into that we will let you know about that as well and ultimately those data will be presented in the scientific meeting. So you can expect to hear about it at the beginning of 2014.
Adam Schechter: I will take the third one, see this is Adam and with regard to (inaudible) there is definitely a seasonal nature to the business and we have predicting that all along. In 2012 it was up first year with full U.S. supply. When we have full supply the offices were buying the vaccine and they were stocking and getting ready for vaccinations and in addition to that we had just started our direct to consumer proportion in the second quarter of 2012 because we wanted to ensure that we would have adequate supply before we would actually drive demand through the DTC promotions. So I want to use 2012 as a direct year-over-year comparison to 2013. We expect that the second half of this year will be stronger and the strongest quarter will be dependent upon when flu vaccinations occur, because that’s when we believe we will see many people getting vaccinated for (indiscernible) as well.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes just Marc just a couple of things with respect to the immunomodulatory agents there is a whole set of different cell surface molecules that involvement as checkpoint regulators if you will that control the response of limfositosis too stimulus and we have had the opportunity to inventory, we use to develop antibodies directed against the whole set of them and to look at them in pre-clinical setting. We hope to be advancing those into the clinic relatively soon you'll see them come up on clinicaltrials.gov and I have more to say on them in subsequent quarters. With respect to expense there is no single category of expense control that we can point to, but there are whole variety of things that I have been able to do in terms of reassigning resources and in that process have pulled back on some of the spending levers, which enabled us to reduce our expense now and will going forward as well.
Roger Perlmutter: Chris, just let me emphasize as I think I did at the first quarter earnings call, that I am really interested and really focused on products. And so it is to me less important that we consider at this stage and more important that we consider what is the potential value of this new therapeutic entry? Does it have unambiguous meaningful clinical impact that can change the practice of medicine and bring important benefit to patients suffering from grievous illness, that’s the critical point? And I am prepared to go after those wherever those exist, and I know Ken and Adam and Peter are completely onboard with that.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to the split in current investment that we could spend quite a long time talking about the way in which funds are allocated at Merck but let me just point out that has been described in detail by academic analyses of expenditures and pharmaceutical companies, investments and discover research as a fraction of the total investment in R&D have been declining monotonically since 1980 and discovery research is actually a very small component of all large pharmaceutical companies. It represents the simply the fully allocated costs of the people doing the work and the expense associated with clinical trials has been rising progressively, Merck is no different from all other big companies we spent far more on development that we do on research. Having said that you should keep in mind that there is a lot of stuff that is classified as a research that really relates to development, questions are raised by regulatory agencies with respect to products that have long been on the market that require preclinical studies. Its research effort but it actually is contributing to the development role. So there is a lot of complexity in there and with respect to opportunities that exists for reducing expenditure in research I think the real question to be asked is what you do to improve the productivity of the R&D organization to actually create breakthrough products that make a real difference to patients. Ultimately you innovate or you die and that's what needs to be done, and you need to do it as effectively, efficiently and productively as possible and that’s what we intend to do.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to the SGLT2 program of course we’re just moving forward with that program. We expect to advance that program into Phase III this year but we also are interested as I said last quarter that you know that one of the things that’s extremely attractive about this program is it's very well behaved pharmaceutical and hence we expect it to play nicely with others. We have always had an interest in the idea that this could be used in combination with our existing programs and so we’re looking at those things very closely that will be something of course, that we would include in our registration programs and we’re making – we continue to make progress on our once-weekly program. Our Phase 3 program is ongoing, and we are enthusiastic about it and we think it’s a very, very good opportunity.
Roger Perlmutter: Well, but at the same time asks that we continue the study in order to obtain additional efficacy and safety data. We are continuing to study in that way. We do anticipate that we will have the opportunity to look at those data and adapt to distant future, and based on what we see there, we hope to be able to move forward with the odanacatib filing, but we have to see the data of course. With respect to PD-1, again, the information that we have is that as you can see from looking at ClinicalTrials.gov, we have ongoing pivotal studies in melanoma refractory to therapy. We have a Phase 3 study in melanoma versus ipilimumab. Those studies will deliver results either in the latter case at the end of next year or in 2015. If in fact it were the case that there were overwhelming efficacy earlier on there might be opportunities for a more accelerated filing strategy, but that’s something that we really will have to wait to see data on. And of course, we are working very, very closely with the FDA on that. And with regard to Japan, the government suspended the proactive. So, it’s important to say that proactive recommendation of HPV vaccines, the vaccines still remain on the market in Japan. And the MLHW is just looking into some post marketing use that they have seen specific to Japan. We have not seen any significant impact at this time in other markets around that world and MRL continues to monitor the AEs as appropriate and we are confident in that safety profile of GARDASIL.
Peter Kellogg: On the M&A front, so Tim I guess you kind of went through this chronology of Merck for long time I hadn’t done any really big M&A deals I guess and then (inaudible). I think as we go forward really in many ways we’re thinking a lot about the product portfolio in the business we have I think we reiterate a lot of what Roger commented on relative to making sure we have great two products and really exciting products and if that ends up leading as to business development deals or joint ventures or M&A I think we’re comfortable with any of those. I think as Ken commented earlier we really do talk about our capital structure as having the number one goal of supporting strategic needs of the business and so we’re certainly, all we maintain a position to be able to do that that said we also don’t want to build up inefficient balances on the balance sheet so that’s why we had a more proactive capital structure program recently. But no ways that could say we wouldn’t be doing the right things to build the pipeline and we’re always on the prowl looking for the right things the great assets that are out there.
Peter Kellogg: Yeah, hi. So, in the GAAP P&L, there are some items that we actually exclude from the non-GAAP and sometimes, because they can be lumpy and it goes back to many cases the restructuring or the merger accounting. Now, in this case, we actually do have some adjustments to our R&D intangibles that we actually booked in the second quarter and that simply looking at either products as well as commercial intangibles, which is also a highlight. And so that’s all part of the merger accounting. When you go through major merger, you look at the balance sheet and the items that are coming through and you actually allocate value both to the pipeline in the form of in-process R&D intangibles as well as the commercial products, which are intangible commercial assets. And then on a quarterly basis, we work very closely and monitoring that very accurately in terms of R&D expectations, those products all delivering exactly what we saw. And from time-to-time, something happens to the pipeline perhaps and that causes us to write-down an in-process R&D intangible or conversely perhaps the commercial trends aren’t quite as robust as we had originally bought. And so that would cause us to trigger a write-down or a reduction of the asset value in the intangible of our commercial asset. So, primarily, when you look at the change in the EPS at the GAAP level which what you’re seeing are some of those evaluations that we go through on a quarterly basis where we actually change the value of intangibles and that’s primarily the difference that you see in the gap EPS that’s incremental of what you see in the non-GAAP and I certainly apologize for getting into that much accounting but that’s really what you’re seeing.
Peter Kellogg: So, Jeff, it’s Peter Kellogg. Let me answer your first question regarding margins and opportunities in our P&L. So, we are a large complicated business, so I can appreciate the targets that we are through, but let me go back to kind of the couple of pieces. First of all, we announced the merger almost four years ago. We did highlight that we had a fairly extensive manufacturing network. Quite frankly, we combined three companies, Merck, Schering-Plough, and Organon, and really had an extensive manufacturing network of over 90 plants. And I think you recall that’s what we highlighted on day one was that required rationalization over time. We have made great progress on that. At this point, the number of plants we have in the network is numbered kind of in the low 70s. And I think that it’s very clear that we are keen to do that as we indicated at the time of the merger. That’s not something we can get done in three or four years. It’s really an ongoing process, so continuing to drive more and more efficiencies. I think there is more to come there. Obviously, how it shows up on the P&L through the cost of goods eventually, there is always if you measure things in terms of PGM percent, then you get the blend between your efficiencies and productivity coming to the cost of goods sold versus the pricing that you can realize and that really comes down to again the innovation and the exciting new products that we bring forward. So, but I do think that clearly on the cost of goods sold that’s an ongoing opportunity we talked about. In the – just going down the P&L in the R&D side, I think what I know Roger and I talked a lot about it, it’s really a question of the ROI that we think about there. We have the right opportunities such as the PD-1. We are going to spend the money on that. And we are intending to have an exciting pipeline. So, it’s not a goal of ours to have unexciting – not have exciting opportunities and not spend money. Conversely, we do really want to pay close attention to how we are spending and making sure it’s focused on as Roger said the really big things that can make a big difference in the marketplace and then obviously drive the top line. So, R&D, I think is very much of a focus for us from a productivity standpoint with very much from an ROI perspective that we have the great opportunities we are going to go after them. And we will make sure that we are doing efficiently. And then obviously the last thing is on SG&A, we continue to evaluate that globally at which our footprint look like and how do we operate in the most efficient manner. We made tremendous progress since the merger is I think we highlighted at the end of last year. We actually hit and exceeded all our merger synergy goals that we had which were pretty expensive. I think we highlighted that we achieved a net benefit of $3.5 billion, which actually means that our gross savings were over $6 billion. So, that’s a very, very substantial merger synergy program that we have executed. But I think what’s very important is as Ken said in his talk today, cost management is very important for us to resource that creates on the one hand a more efficient P&L, but quite frankly, it also allows us to spend on the growth drivers, which is so important to our future. So, I don’t want you to conclude that we are simply thinking about our cost structure as how do we take cost out, but it’s also how do we reinvest to drive shareholder value and really create a lot of value in this company, most of the pipeline as well as the commercial assets around the world. So, I think SG&A continues to be a focus for us. But on the other hand, I think we are also going to balance all those savings with where we have opportunities to invest. So, I am not going very specific answer I realize that but I do want to make a point that while we have opportunities and we are going to continue to pursue them, we certainly executed well in the merger synergies that we have laid out and we’re going to continue on that to through the manufacturing network elsewhere in the organization we’re thinking about we turn on investment and creating value, but we never will be passive about you, as Ken likes to say we’re going to be ambitious in driving performance in the short term but we are never going to back away from investing for long term potential long-term value creation.
Peter Kellogg: Let me take the first question on tax, so I think you had a couple of question there so let me just take them one at a time if I can. You asked why would the tax rate be higher in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. SO as we went into the first half of the year and I’m just going to take it quarter by quarter and the first quarter we saw some significant tax benefits that came through. I think we highlighted that time and they are very kind of one time in nature, there were R&D tax credit being reimplemented and so forth. We also had a couple of resolution of some tax audit situations allowed us to release some reserves. And so that caused our R&D our tax line to be lower in the first quarter. In the second quarter we also had a reduction in some tax reserves because we had the exploration of some statute of limitations and so that allowed us to free up some tax reserves and basically some of these benefits were things that we thought about over the course of a full year. We didn't really actually when we first put the plan together just by getting all these things in the first and second quarter quarters. So as you think about how the year comes together, when you think about the full-year tax guidance of 22% to 23% the way you get to that on a full year basis is it ends up weighted average of all the quarter. So the first two quarters were lower that by definition it means the third quarter and fourth quarters will be higher and they will only be higher because we just won't have those one-time benefit pulling the rate down. We can kind of return to a more natural run-rate that we would expect. And I think that you will recall that we have talked about in the past is the ongoing tax rates the company will be a little higher than what you’re seeing right now and so generally we’ve talked about the long-term tax rate, recognizing that uncertain things can move around, but excluding any unusual items or any items that pull it down or move it up that are kind of unique in nature we expect it to be running that in the higher rate in the range of something like 25% to 26% on an ongoing basis. But I think we want to be careful that all these years we go into the year we will update you in terms of what we see on the horizon relative to how it's axes are evolving. I think on the second question you were asking about R&D and why would it be lower in the second half and in the first half in fact, you know, how should we think about what we’re looking at. So obviously in my comments I highlighted that entire year we actually did have a payment for ENDOSITE (ph) in the second quarter of last year so we’re laughing in that sense. But we also basically see as we move forward kind of there is a flow of activity, Roger’s making decisions and so forth and I think that basically we’re using kind of the most recent updated view of R&D as we think about it. So and quite frankly it's ties to productivity, to focus and we’re not talking about the sea change we’re just simply, we previously we thought it will be a little bit higher and now we’re kind of (inaudible) our expectation is based on what we see will be a little bit lower. The third question was….
