Peter Dannenbaum: Thanks Laura and good morning. Welcome to Merck's third quarter 2020 conference call. Today I'm joined by Ken Frazier, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Roger Perlmutter, President of Merck Research Labs; Frank Clyburn, our Chief Commercial Officer; Mike Nally, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Dr. Dean Li, Head of Discovery Research. Before we get started, I'd like to point out a few items. You will see that we have items in our GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs, and certain other items. You should note that we have excluded these from our non-GAAP results and provided reconciliation in our press release. We have also provided a table in our press release to help you understand the sales in the quarter for the business units and products. I would also like to remind you that some of the statements that we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current belief of Merck's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2019 10-K, identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, today's earnings release and an investor presentation with some highlights of our results are all posted on merck.com. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ken.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Roger. Laura, if you could assemble the queue for questions, please? And I'd like to ask the analysts today to limit themselves to one question. We're going to try to end right at nine because I know there's other calls that you're looking to get on.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Seamus. And thank you all for limiting yourselves to one question. Great questions. I'd like to turn it over to Ken for closing comments.
Roger Perlmutter: Thanks very much, David. Yes, the, the Phase 2 studies carried on in the United States and the UK, are relatively small studies that are focusing on neurological endpoints. That is understanding reductions in viral load and reductions in virus infectivity from patient samples. So these data, I'm hopeful that as the studies complete enrollment and they are dose escalation studies, that these studies will provide data over the next couple of months. And once those data are looked at, and there's enough data that have accrued, then presumably, we would provide a top line statement about those data. But of course, the full scientific results will be published shortly thereafter. We will certainly move expeditiously because, of course, we know the world is very interested in this as we are ourselves.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes, so our adjuvant studies in non-small cell lung cancer are proceeding as planned, where we are not at the moment undertaking any reevaluation of those studies. Again, it's difficult to comment on exactly when the studies will read out, because, of course, we're recruiting events. But we are anticipating that the first of an adjuvant lung study will be available sometime later next year and that's our hope, but time will tell.
Roger Perlmutter: Right, thanks Mara. The -- of course it's very difficult to speculate on what the results of other studies will be. Like everyone else, we're hopeful that there will be many vaccines that yield positive readouts, in terms of reduction in morbidity and ideally, mortality associated with COVID-19 infection and time will tell. But in reality, we'll be sitting at the end of the year with what we hope will be quite strong single dose of immunogenicity data and we have well designed Phase 2/3 protocols that we can begin at that point. Those are global protocols and my expectation, and unfortunately, given the very large impact of the pandemic, my expectation is that it would not be difficult to enroll those studies in a relatively short period of time, just as has happened for the other studies that have been conducted using, for example, the mRNA vaccines or the and the virus vaccines. So I'm not sure that there's anything there to respond to, except that we're eager to see the data just as everyone else is and we hope very much that there will be efficacy and a good safety profile.
Roger Perlmutter: Right and thanks very much for the question. To be honest, I am expecting to see viral clearance improve and that's based on a whole variety of inputs and the fundamental mechanism of the drug. I do think that in terms of reduction of viral burden, that it is very likely that won't appear they will be superior to Remdesivir based on preclinical studies. Of course, that has to be demonstrated in the clinic, but we will have quite a lot of Phase 2 virologic data based on the [indiscernible] studies which of course were intimately involved with the dose escalation studies. From a certain perspective, ab initio, this is a virally mediated disease. If you get rid of the virus, you should get rid of the disease. The question is, can you get in early enough and is the effect strong enough? The good news is that this is an orally administered drug. It could in principle be given to individuals who either are symptomatic or who have been in contact with virally infected people. But in order to broaden the use, we need to understand both pre-clinically and clinically, that the drug is safe to administer to people who are otherwise healthy and just at risk. So when we speak about safety, that's really what we're concerned about and we're waiting for additional data from more subjects who have been treated with the drug. The drug has been used, it is in a five day regimen and across now several hundred people it seems to be extremely well tolerated. We're not aware of any safety signals at all with the drug right at the moment. So we will just wait and see. I mean, that's the important information that we need to have.
Roger Perlmutter: Right. Okay, thanks for the question. I think first and foremost, of course, what we want out of a vaccine is to prevent clinical disease. I don't think any of us would care that much if people were infected, but didn't develop any disease. If we could guarantee that, that would always be the case, of course, provided that enough people can be can be immunized. I think sterilizing immunity will be difficult. Just in the nature of things, in these respiratory infections, it is difficult to prevent any viral colonization. That will be challenging. But frankly, we are still in the early phases of understanding COVID-19 and SARS-CoV-2 the causative agent. So we really don't understand a lot about the viral dynamics here. The state of the immune response in the natural infection setting and the durability of that immunity either from natural infection or what we hope we'll see after immunization, there's a lot, yes, that we need to study.  It is clear that at least in rare circumstances, individuals who have been infected and cleared the infection can be re-infected and that should be a cautionary note for all of us. Over time this could evolve in a fashion that re-administration of a vaccine is required in order to prevent recrudescence of disease after exposure to the virus or it may be the case that we're able to control it with a single administration, which is of course what we hope for. I just think we don't have that information right now and we'll learn a great deal over the next few months as additional data become available.
Roger Perlmutter: Right, Geoff? Thanks very much. Yes, molnupiravir from the -- again, small number of subjects who have received the drug in Phase 1 studies and now are in Phase 2 studies it seems to be extremely well tolerated in a five-day course b.i.d. doses that are well above what we believe is required to suppress viral replication or actually result in aero catastrophe and essentially the elimination of the virus. So, all of that looks, looks quite good. As you say, because it's an orally administered drug, in principle, all other things being equal, it could be administered even prophylactically in individuals at high risk. At the moment, we are waiting for additional data because I pointed out that the drug is Ames-positive and bacterial mutagenesis assay, and although the drug did not score in eukaryotic micronucleus assays, and there are other reasons to believe that that won't be a problem. Nevertheless, we're performing a whole variety of studies to explore immunogenicity. Assuming that those studies are negative, then I think we could think much more broadly about prophylactic administration. At the moment, we're thinking mainly about the place where benefit risk is clearly the strongest, and that is in individuals who are infected, particularly symptomatic individuals early in the course of disease, an ideal place for an early administered drug to attenuate the effects of that infection.
Roger Perlmutter: Right? Well, the reality is, we've been working on checkpoint inhibitors for a long time now as have many others, and KEYTRUDA in particular, but PD-1 directed therapies more generally have very dramatic effects that are easy to see. We hope to find something that would be even better than KEYTRUDA, but neither we nor anyone else has found such a thing. We are pleased that our agents have activities when administered by themselves, but the activity is modest. It's not KEYTRUDA like activity and where we see the greatest effect is in combination with KEYTRUDA. So it makes sense that these things should be administered with KEYTRUDA. That's the place where you're going to see the biggest benefit and where co-formulation is possible. That's kind of the ideal. That's what we would do because then with a single administration get both drugs, assuming that you don't add a substantial safety burden. So we've conducted our studies and looking at those kinds of questions. Clearly for our CTLA-4 directed therapy, that makes a lot of sense, but it makes a lot of sense for all of the agents that we're looking at and we are looking both at the physical compatibility for co-formulation, and as well, whether that makes sense from a clinical perspective. Where it does, it's kind of the right thing to do for patients.
