Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Brad. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to Merck's second quarter 2024 conference call. Speaking on today's call will be Rob Davis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Caroline Litchfield, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Dean Li, President of Merck Research Labs. Before we get started, I'd like to point out that we have items in our GAAP results, such as acquisition related charges, restructuring costs and certain other items and we have excluded these from our non-GAAP results there was a reconciliation in our press release. I would also remind you that some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current beliefs of Merck's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2023 10-K identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. During today's call, a slide presentation will accompany our speakers' prepared remarks. These slides, along with our earnings release, today's prepared remarks and our SEC filings, are all posted to the Investor Relations section of Merck's website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Dean. Brad, we're ready for Q&A now. And I request that analysts limit themselves to one question today. Thank you.
Peter Dannenbaum: Great. Thanks, Mohit. We have availability to go a bit past 10, so we'll continue on with questions. Next question, please, Brad.
Peter Dannenbaum: Great. Thank you, James, and thank you all for your good questions today. As always, the IR team is available for any follow-up questions. Rob, any closing comments that you'd like to make.
Caroline Litchfield: Thank you, Rob. So Chris, in terms of our guidance, we've assumed a range of scenarios from providing the fully contracted 2024 doses during this year to providing something less than that. If I anchor to the midpoint of our guidance, we have been measured in assuming a scenario that has less than the contracted 2024 GARDASIL doses shipped to China. And even with that, we were able to raise our guidance at the midpoint by $200 million. And that's really as a result of the underlying momentum that we have in the rest of our business, including oncology, with KEYTRUDA and WELIREG. It includes in animal health with the launch of BRAVECTO in injectable, as well as the acquisition of the Elanco aqua business, and we remain confident in our outlook for WINREVAIR and the opportunities to drive patient impact and growth consistent with our high expectations.
Caroline Litchfield: So what I would add is we have always contemplated that we would have a 9-valent competitor within the Chinese market. As such, the current contracted doses with Zhifei for 2025 are less than what the contract is for 2024 as we would expect to participate in that market but understand a competitor would likely gain share in that market. We also, though, as we said in the prepared remarks, has the potential opportunity of a male launch in China. And we are hopeful for an approval with GARDASIL 4 and 9 by first half of next year and be coming to the market at that stage. So we are confident that China will remain an important part of our GARDASIL business as we move forward, and more importantly, are confident in the opportunity to drive GARDASIL longer term to the $11 billion that we've stated.
Caroline Litchfield: Thank you for the question. So the Zhifei contract that we have at this stage is focused on the current approval that we have in the market. So it's really focused on the female population in the cohort 9 through 45. As we move forward and we have a male indication, we will, of course, be working with our partner to have the appropriate doses so that we can protect as many males as possible.
Caroline Litchfield: So thank you for the question, Louise. We feel that we're off to a really strong start with WINREVAIR. As we've described, as at the end of the quarter, we have 2,000 patients who now have the prescription for WINREVAIR, of which 75% to 80% historically have been receiving commercial product. So we're confident in what we expect for the profile for WINREVAIR in the third quarter. And we actually expect that the stock level should increase as more patients have prescribed the product. So we remain confident in the outlook for WINREVAIR consistent with the high expectations that we have.
Rob Davis: Yes. No, thanks for the question. So everything we're seeing in the marketplace, I would just reiterate, would point to dynamics that we don't see the competition, the future potential competition. And I think you're referring to the fact that we very well could see a 9-valent sometime next year come into the marketplace. So I don't believe from anything we've heard in the marketplace from competitive intelligence as well as what we're hearing from Zhifei that, that is what's happening here. As we look forward, and Caroline can comment specifically, we have always expected that as we see the peak move through from the indication we got for the expansion of the age cohort that you would see a flattening out over time of the demand in China. And then that for women, specifically, and then we would bring on the male indications that should allow us then to continue to drive the business forward from there. Nothing has changed in that dynamic in what we're seeing right now. So as we look forward, our belief in China being a significant contributor is unchanged. But I'll let maybe Caroline can speak specifically as we're thinking about some of the guidance around how we think about next year.
Rob Davis: Yes. And maybe, Umer, just to give one little bit of color because it's probably worth pointing out, I'm assuming people understand when we talk about the anti-bribery and anticorruption what is happening. And one question that could be there is this has been going on since late last year, and we did not see impacts early on, what's changed and how do we see it evolving. And what I would point out, first of all, one, just reiterate, as we think about what's happening in China around the anti-bribery and anticorruption we very much support those activities because it means we have a fair, open and transparent market. So we're very supportive of what the Chinese government is trying to do there. But as we see how this is impacting us at the CDC, we have seen some dampening in them engaging in scientific discussions and driving for vaccination. We believe some of this could be due to the fact that there was criminal charges brought against a senior scientific representative of one of the local players related to a COVID vaccine that we believe has had a dampening effect overall. And how long this lasts, how it will continue to play out, we'll have to see. But I thought I would provide additional color because I don't want to assume that you all are aware of what really is happening there.
Rob Davis: Yes. No, thanks for the question. So to give you a sense of what we've seen as of the end of June, we've had more than 2,000 patients receive a prescription for WINREVAIR. So that's -- obviously, we feel very good about that. And right now, what our experience would tell us is that about 75% to 80% of those receiving a prescription will convert to commercial product. So that gives you a sense of what's happening. Right now, actually, in the quarter, driving the revenue you saw was about 30 -- about 1,000 patients actually on treatment had started treatment. So as we sit here today, you have 1,000 patients who have started treatment in the quarter, the 2,000 total scripts, and we would expect that the 75% to 80% of those 2,000 scripts will ultimately convert to the commercial sales. And so if you look at what's driving that difference, some of that is due to access, but also some of it is due to patient dropout and the fact that you will have some patients who despite getting a script after they go through blood [ph] work and go through the medical evaluations don't qualify. So you have all of those dynamics happening. If you look at the 30 days and specifically that you're referring to, we think that probably the total period from when a person gets a script to when they get their approval for -- from an access perspective is about 2 weeks to 3 weeks. So there is obviously opportunity to improve that. But just remember that in addition to going and getting a blood test, getting your insurance approval, you then have to schedule to have a nurse come to your home to go through the initiation and training around administration -- self-administration of WINREVAIR. So all of those elements are contributing to that time frame, how much of that time over time we'll have to see.
Rob Davis: Yes, sure. So as we look at it, we do expect you will see a flattening of the curve as we see the female indication, be more fully penetrated. Obviously, more to go there, given what we believe is still the addressable population. And then it will ramp back to growth as the male population comes on in full. So that is what we're expecting to happen. And on the pricing point, I think it's just important to understand the way this market works and how we operate in the market. We sell into Zhifei, Zhifei then is responsible for doing the bidding with the provinces and actually then determining ultimately that end sale to the point of vaccination. As we look forward, I think it's important to understand that GARDASIL as we think about the addressable population, we continue to believe we'll be a highly sought after vaccine even in the face of competition, and we're dealing in an overall population when we quote the $200 million total females of which we would say we're 30% to 40% penetrated today. That's really in the Tier 1 to 5 cities that we think can afford a cash pay market. The total population accessible in China is much bigger and so I don't think we should assume we're all competing for that small slice. There's a much bigger slice. We have chosen not to go for that bigger piece because obviously, we can't get into the local vaccination program because we don't produce GARDASIL in China. Our competitors will be able to do that. So I think I would just caution all to not view it as a zero-sum game. I think there's still a market expansion opportunity in China that will benefit both us and the competitors. And frankly, the other thing we have to see is how quickly will the male indication be given to others beyond us. We believe there's a chance we could be sitting alone with that as well. So the dynamics need to play themselves out. But I think we need to first understand what we're seeing in the quarter specific, a short-term event or something else. And that's still not clear because I would just point that the trend break was pretty significant. It's not what we've seen in any of the markets that you would expect. And that's why we're a little hesitant to say this is just demand in China. And also, I would also bring back the fact that actually, if you separated out what happened in China, we had one of our strongest quarters in every other market around the world with strong double-digit growth. So that's -- those are all dynamics that we'll have to play themselves out.
Rob Davis: Yes. So if you look across the Tier 1 to 5 cities, we're actually -- when we quote that we're 30% to 40% penetrated, and again, this is just to the females. So this is -- we're only speaking to females right now. We're 30% to 40% penetrated. We're a little bit less penetrated, I think we're around kind of, say, 30th percent in the 4 and 5 Tier cities, and we're around 40% into 1 to 3. So there's not a huge spread between the Tier 1 to 3 and the 4 to 5. So we will continue to focus efforts across all of those areas as we have been to date. And then it's a whole different exercise to activate the male population across that same area, which is, frankly, doesn't -- isn't there today because of the fact that we don't yet have the indication. As you think about how all of this fits into the broader global picture, I think it's also important just to remind everyone that the total penetration of GARDASIL on a global basis to the eligible population is approximately 10%. So our opportunity to activate patients globally as we bring on additional capacity is significant. And as we've talked about in the past, we were going to continue to look to activate the mid adult segment in the private market. We're doing that today in Europe, and that's part of when I comment that we're driving double-digit growth across the rest of the world outside of China. Part of it is we are starting to see uptake in that private market activation, both in Europe and across parts of Latin America and Asia Pacific more broadly. We're going to continue to drive into the low and middle income markets, we see that as a meaningful opportunity going forward, and we are well on our way to getting our costs in a position to be able to compete in that space quite effectively. We will continue to drive that. And then obviously, while China is the best example of where we need to get a male indication to drive for gender-neutral vaccination if we truly want to eliminate cervical cancer and increasingly address the other cancers we know related to people with HPV, including head and neck cancers, which are very prominent, especially if you look across the Asia Pacific area. That is work we will continue to do, but not only in China and across Asia but also across Europe and other parts of the world where there still is a lot of opportunity to drive for gender neutral. And then lastly, Japan is a market where we are continuing to see growth driven by the fact that we've had a renewed NIP program there with both initial NIP and a catch-up phase and longer term opportunities for males there as well. So the opportunities are significant. The context of how we will drive growth has multiple levers for us to look at to do that. And that's why we are confident in the $11 billion number long term. And I think that's important as we shape the overall context of the discussion.
Rob Davis: Yes. And maybe just on the broader question, could this be an opportunity in China. We are continuing to look at all global markets. And I would point out, as Dean points out, we're looking at the '25, '26 RSV season, so next year. And then beyond that, we will go globally thereafter. And China is a market we are looking at.
Rob Davis: Thank you very much. So just to provide some context, the recent outcome talked about how much of a PD-1 or a PD-L1 is put in earlier stage, especially in the resectable and there's giving it before the surgery, there's giving it after the surgery, and it's giving it before and after the surgery. And the issue that comes up is in this curative setting, what's the sort of relative benefit risk in, because it's different than in the metastatic. What I would just emphasize is we track and we are in discussions with the FDA in relationship to our clinical trials and such. But I do want to emphasize the ability to show OS especially in the earlier-stage cancers is very difficult. And that's why we always emphasize we have 9 earlier-stage approvals, but we highlight that 4 of them have overall survival, and we, at this point, do not know anyone else who has 4 overall survivals. I do want to point out that in 2 of those over survivals in TNBC and in lung, it is perioperative. So I think the future studies need to consider what the FDA has said, but the FDA has also been very clear that over survival is the gold standard, especially an earlier stage. And as we build our program, we consider both the recent AdCom, but also the recent -- with the continuing interest of the FDA to show contribution of components of a new agent on top of PD-1 and showing overall survival and using platforms that have overall survival to show that when you add something even more, you continue to have increasing benefit in terms of over survival.
Rob Davis: Thank you so much for bringing that up. There was a lot of discussion. There were a lot of points that the ACIP working group have to vote on. And what they had said is that they were very interested in revisiting this in October. I want to be very clear that we have not had a formal confirmation of that reevaluation. But we did listen to the discussion. And the discussion was very clear that there was an interest in revisiting that in 50 to 64. And the data presented at the June ACIP meeting demonstrated or actually reinforced the ongoing burden of pneumococcal disease, especially in the 50-64 age group, most notably in the ratio of disparities. And I went back to the comments that were made by different individuals, but I focused on some of the points that those who actually vote in the ACIP, one resonated with me when that member said, the burden in 50 to 64-year-old black individuals is comparable to greater than 65 when we're all endorsing universal recommendation for over 65. And that member wondered whether we, which is the ACIP, was missing something too, by not deciding, and that we, the ACIP needed to decide at some point, and I hope we get there pretty soon in part because of the racial and ethnic disparities in the invasive disease. So we are very confident in our data, and we look forward to the ACIP considering this expanded age-based recommendation potentially in October, and we hope to find out at some appropriate time that they're going to formally confirm that reevaluation.
Rob Davis: Yes. No, Chris, thanks for the question. Obviously, we discussed what we did in the quarter with EyeBio and Elanco aqua business, we're going to continue to follow the same strategy we've been looking at, which is really focusing on the science and looking at how can we best continue to drive where we see a scientific opportunity that matches our portfolio and our skill set to bring that in more on the earlier stage settings and with some mid late but clearly not commercialized products more to build the pipeline. So the continuation of the strategy we've been following. We continue to have the financial flexibility to consider deals of all sizes. But as we've pointed out in the past, we tend to look in that $1 billion to $15 billion, is a good indication of where we would most likely play. And to the obesity question specifically, our view continues to be that if we can find opportunities to look at next-generation plays in that space, those will be things we will continue to evaluate and consider. We don't believe going after today's first generation is the place to play. So it will continue to be looking at second and third generation waves of innovation, whether it be around oral delivery, looking for where there's high tolerability, combinability and or preservation of muscle mass. Those are the areas of focus for us. And if we see something, we continue to have the capacity and the interest to act.
Rob Davis: Yes. Maybe I'll start on the second part and then I'll come back to the first part. So on background therapy, you are seeing the vast majority of patients, as you would expect, are some of the sicker patients or who doctors are putting on the drug first. So there is a large amount on triple therapy or double therapy, and you are seeing uses with prostacyclin. So that is and frankly, consistent with what you would have seen in STELLAR as well. So we are seeing that pretty much as you'd expect. And then over time, we would expect to move into the earlier lines of therapy as we go. As it relates to what we see going forward with the bolus, I would say that we're -- it's not necessary that we think the bolus has been worked through. There's what I would tell you more broadly is we're seeing a continued growth in both the breadth and the depth of prescribers who are prescribing, which were at a little over 500 doctors now prescribing. We think there's probably somewhere in the 800 to 900 range of doctors that are doing the vast majority of prescribing out there. So we still have a ways to go to get to what I would consider to be heavy prescribers of the medicine. And as we see that group continuing to come in and as we continue to see access being granted because the other thing I would point out that, one, we feel very good. We have about a third of all lives are covered today under medical plan with a protocol in place for reimbursement related to WINREVAIR. We expect that to continue to grow because I would remind you that a lot of plans actually put in place just by the rule that they will wait 90 to 120 days-ish to put in place a plan -- a coverage plan after a drug is launched. So you have a lot of plans still yet to come. So because of the fact you're going to see increasing access, you're going to see the fact that we have increasing number of physicians, and we're continuing to see the breadth of patients grow, I think you're going to see continued trend for growth upward.
Rob Davis: So the answer to your first question is yes. And the answer to the second question, I would let Dean address.
Rob Davis: No. No. I just want to thank you for your interest this morning. Hopefully, you appreciate the transparency with which we try to bring. But I maybe would close by just bringing back the confidence we see in the business, both in the short term and the long term. Obviously, we'll work through what we see happening with GARDASIL in China. But the fact that we see strengthening, and I would call them, green shoots around GARDASIL everywhere else in the world gives us confidence in the $11 billion for that, as we've talked about. But then beyond that, the growing breadth of our pipeline, obviously, KEYTRUDA continues to deliver meaningfully for the business and for patients. But I am growing in my own excitement for the breadth and depth of the pipeline we have coming. Hopefully, it wasn't lost on everyone that we pointed out, we would be launching more drugs in the next 5 years than we've launched in the last 10 many, many of which will be blockbuster plus opportunities. So the pipeline is maturing, and we're starting to see the green shoots of opportunity that continue to grow our confidence as we look to 2028 into the 2030s and beyond. And that's where we will continue to focus. But we will not take our eye off the short term where we are equally confident in the guidance, we raised revenue today. Obviously, we kind of were neutral on earnings, but that's because of the investment we're making into the business, bringing in even more opportunities like EyeBio. So there's a lot out there, and I just want to leave you with that note of what's driving my confidence and my appreciation for your support of the stock. Thank you.
Dean Li: Yes. So this is Dean. Thanks for the question. As you point out, there is a significant global unmet need both for the healthy and at-risk infants. And as we've said, from the PKPD studies as such, this is something that can be given as a single dose. It's not weight-based, so single dose broadly. And we are very comfortable in relationship to the PKPD in relationship with the half-life in relationship to the affinity that's the prevention, which was studied would cover the entire RSV season, which is 5, 6 months. We did announce the top line. We're not going to get ahead of the public presentation of these that we hope to have at some session in the second half. I do point out that what you highlight is really important, which is the RSV associated hospitalization will be a really important point in relationship to looking at this vaccine versus others, and we are very confident in that profile.
Dean Li: Yes. So let me just level set in relationship to clesrovimab, and the RSV antibody. So we have the data, and that data will be presented at some time in the second half of this year as the different plenary sessions of different conferences occur. In relationship to filing, our plan is to file such that it would be available, not for this season, but for the next season within the United States. And so that's the sort of next wave in relationship. So I want to make sure that there's no concept that this is coming out this RSV season. We're targeting next RSV season in relationship to when we're seeking approval and licensure.
Dean Li: Yes. So this is Dean. Thank you very much for that. Neuroscience question for MK-8189. I should just point out that I believe it was just in May that we published the Phase IIa, and it shows its efficacy and relationship to schizophrenia. But what was also interesting was that there was a reduction in body weight of around 6 pounds over just 4 weeks. And the reason why that's important is that oftentimes, it's not simply how efficacious the drug is. It's whether a patient will stay on and what are the adverse effects that will drive a patient not to take the drug. So that Phase IIa was really important that triggered the Phase IIb. So I'll just lay out that if we see things that are comparable to that Phase IIa and our Phase IIb, we would be eager to see such results.
Dean Li: So in relationship to our collaboration with Moderna in relationship to the INT [ph], that's something that we're focused on getting the Phase III fully enrolled and to move forward as that's really important in relationship to how we will see the program and how the FDA will see that program.
