Alex Kelly: Thanks, Amanda, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to the 2010 First Quarter Conference Call for the new Merck. This is our first full quarter of combined operations, so there are a number of items in the GAAP results, such as purchase accounting adjustments, merger-related expenses and restructuring costs that we've excluded from our non-GAAP results. We've also excluded the impact of the tax charge related to healthcare reform, as Peter Kellogg will discuss. We've provided you a number of tables in our earnings release to help you understand the trend, and in particular, there are five tables. There's a table on the GAAP sales results. Table 2 and 3 deal with our reconciled GAAP P&L to our non-GAAP results. There's also a supplemental Table 4, which provides the sales performance for the company, the business units and the products, as if the company had been in operation in the first quarter of 2009. And Table 5 is a supplemental non-GAAP table, which provides the sales for the major products. So during the call, we'll be referring mostly to Tables 2 and 3 when we discuss the P&L, and Table 4 when we discussed the revenue performance. I'd also like to remind you that next Tuesday, May 11, we are hosting our first R&D and business briefing, and as a result, we won't be discussing individual R&D projects on this call. In addition, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements we make during this call today may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs of Merck's management team and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. The company's SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2009 10-K, identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement. You can find the SEC filings and today's earnings release on our website at merck.com. This morning, I'm joined by Dick Clark, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ken Frazier, the President of Merck; and Peter Kellogg, our Chief Financial Officer. Now I'd like to introduce Dick Clark.
Alex Kelly: Thank you, Peter. Now we'd like to open up the call to answer your questions. In order to help us get through as many of your questions as possible, please limit yourself to one or two questions and note that we won't take any follow-up questions. But feel free to join the queue, if you have additional questions. Also, as a reminder to what I said at the beginning of the call, we will take your R&D related questions next Tuesday, during our R&D and business briefing. Operator, we're now ready for the Q&A.
Alex Kelly: Operator, we have time for just two more questions. If I can ask the people asking questions to be brief and we'll try to be brief on our end to make sure that we get through the next two.
Peter Kellogg: John, it's Peter. So unfortunately, we really haven't state, talk about cash flow and the balance sheet on this call until the 10-Q goes out. So if I can, I'll defer on that. But I would focus everyone back on where we were at year end, obviously, from a cash balance standpoint and we do expect to have a strong cash flows. I think at year end and as we go through this quarter, we have roughly $12 billion in cash and about $19 billion of debt, and we expect to have very strong cash flow performance even this first year of the merger. And we've highlighted that by the end of the guidance period, we actually expect that cash flow to be a very strong operational cash flow by that time period so that also is instead, the second question for Ken, I guess.
Peter Kellogg: From your question with healthcare reform, although we don't give specific breakdown of details, we can tell you about 50% is from Medicaid rebates and 50% from fee in the donut hole plus the 340B. That's the breakdown, it's about a 50-50 breakdown.
Peter Kellogg: This is Peter, let me talk about foreign exchange questions and hedging. So we did highlight that foreign exchange do give us a benefit this quarter and base on the current rates, we don't expect the same benefit going forward as we go through sequential quarters and that is obviously comparing to prior year. And I should remind everybody, obviously, last year was a great volatile year. Foreign exchange rates have really moved tremendously from the first quarter through the third and fourth quarters. So we have to take that all into account and that's the basis that we were saying. I think mostly that would be thinking about the current rates that are out there in terms of how we think about the outlook. In terms of hedging, we do have -- as you know, the two companies do have slightly different programs. As the merger took place, we have thought about how we put that together and I think you will see that we'll continue to use hedging as one of the tools to help us manage the business. We had about a $200 million favorable impact from foreign exchange this quarter and included a benefit from hedging of about $50 million. And so there have been some changes at the company together [ph] in terms of how we run that program. It's fairly technically really so it provides [indiscernible] too meaningful from an investor standpoint. But we do continue to believe that the hedging program is helpful to reduce the impact of unfavorable changes, taking the short term, bopping around on foreign exchange as well at because it's more of a longer term stability to devalue the U.S. dollar performance. So we think we will continue for the most part with that kind of a program going forward.
Peter Kellogg: Tony, I guess the comment I was making about foreign exchange, the question simply was what's the basis of guidance. And I think at anytime we give guidance, we aren't really forecasting foreign exchange rates so it's really based on the deals place [ph] as we see it right now. And the second question was regarding how revenue will perform in the second half, I think was your question. So obviously haven't given guidance by quarter and so forth [indiscernible], but I think, what I think is fair to say is that we are launching a lot of products on the one hand. We have kind of the organic growth of our core stable of commercial products around the world. On the other hand, we do have COZAAR/HYZAAR going patent so we will see that impact particularly in the second quarter kind of pushing against our trend. In the second half, though, hopefully everything else keeps growing. So I don't want to give specific guidance by quarter at the top line, but that gives you some of the factors that are pushing one way or the other on revenue and ForEx. I think, obviously, everybody -- no one's hold up a crystal ball sort of in the field of play as we see it right now.
Kenneth Frazier: Yes, I would say that my top three priorities, so first of all, to continue to work with Dick, with Peter and Willie and in this vein to actually learn a lot from the three of them regarding the new areas of responsibility that I have, so that would be my first responsibility. The second one is, obviously, to ensure that these three operating divisions continue to collaborate and work jointly in order to produce value, and I would say the third one is continuing to push for the kinds of product performance that we've seen in the first quarter. We're still in the middle of integrating many of our markets and while my colleague, Adam Schechter is very able, I think we want to be sure that we have a seamless transition on the commercial side.
Kenneth Frazier: We're starting on the sharp trial, I think we'll be able to provide that information next week at our business briefing. As it relates to, again, the issue around JANUVIA and JANUMET in the first quarter, sequentially, we also experienced a pretty strong inventory build in the fourth quarter and we're seeing some adjustments downward in this quarter. I think, overall, we're pleased though with the volume growth of JANUVIA and JANUMET across markets.
Kenneth Frazier: On SIMPONI, the sales in the quarter were about $10 million which is roughly double the sales that we saw on the fourth quarter. We're still very much in the early days. We have reimbursement in five countries. We have Germany, we have the private part of the Canadian market. I think what I would say about the overall background is, obviously, all these European countries are struggling with budgetary issues including healthcare issues. We know that the anti-TNF category is a significant cost item to them. But we think SIMPONI really brings to the table a lot of benefits. And so for us right now, it's actually going in with the dossiers that we prepare, which we feel very good about, to convince both national and regional price and HTA organizations to actually see the benefit of SIMPONI, its convenience and its benefit to patients. And so we're very confident that over time, we'll be able to persuade people to include SIMPONI within the reimbursement, but I have to say that it's a very difficult economic environment in which we are launching this drug.
Kenneth Frazier: As I mentioned, we intend to spend some time next week going through our strategy. But generally speaking, I would say that we continue to look at all opportunities to have profitable growth in the emerging markets. So that includes, obviously, continuing to drive our innovative portfolio, but also we recognize that branded generics or should I say branded off patent products actually play a significant role. We have, in our own portfolio, a significant number of key brands. Let's talk about Zocor or COZAAR or FOSAMAX. Those are very significant contributors to the standard of care and they are ringing our portfolio. And one of the things that we got from the Schering merger is the capability of really driving those kinds of mature products through formulations, et cetera. So that's a big part of it. Lastly, in terms of expanding the portfolio, we do have interest in creating the kinds of partnerships that would actually also expand the number of products in the representative's bags. We have really expanded our commercial infrastructure so we look for those as of partnerships; but again, against the background of ensuring that we are driving profitable growth in emerging markets.
Kenneth Frazier: I would say first of all, on ROTATEQ, we actually have not seen significant concerns arising from pediatricians about the overall safety of rotavirus vaccine. And so we anticipate being able to supply the market adequately to meet the U.S. demand during the ROTOREX temporary suspension. The overall vaccine manufacturing issues, I'll just hit the high points. Obviously, we are investing a significant amount, over $1 billion in new resources to ensure that we have long-term supply capabilities and our North Carolina facility, which exemplifies that, begins operations in mid-2010. For ZOSTAVAX, we've had it in supply since 2009, but we're now seeing back orders. No new launches planned outside of the U.S. for 2010 or 2011. RECOMBIVAX pediatric became fully available this past quarter. Pedvax HIB is now fully available in the U.S. market and we expect even our ProQuad available in limited amounts to support the back-to-school season.  And also I should mention that under ROTATEQ, there will be a vaccine advisory committee this Friday and obviously I think everyone in public health will be waiting to see what the impact of those deliberation.
Kenneth Frazier: So Tony, we don't usually disclose our talk about our internal plans, but what I can tell you is that the one country in the top 10 that didn't grow this quarter was Italy. And I will say that it did miss by an awful lot getting to the point of being at least flat this quarter. Those are very difficult environments. And what I'm pointing out in Europe, often you have volume growth, but because of the pricing pressures you see not growth on the dollar basis.
Richard Clark: So I think on VYTORIN and ZETIA, I think we saw inventory patterns this quarter that we thought were consistent with our expectations and consistent with what we saw frankly in the first quarter of 2009. As it relates to the oral diabetes market, we were very pleased that JANUVIA and JANUMET continue to grow very strongly. They have shown strongest growth in that market. Remember that we are up against established entrenched generic entities that are used by a lot of physicians, and that's our primary focus. We're pleased with -- there are in-class market share that we've maintained in the U.S. against on class and around the world, against other DPP-4 inhibitors. And I think what you're seeing with the new class is that while you have seen the COZAAR/HYZAAR inroads, they're really not at the expense of JANUVIA.
Richard Clark: And as it relates to the regional breakdown that we provided in Table 3b, I would say that we're pleased with the double-digit growth that we're seeing across Latin America, Asia Pacific and Eastern Europe, Middle East, Africa. Everyone has a definition of emerging markets, but if you look at those three together, we had growth of in the high teens. And so we are pleased with where we are. We know that that is where the growth is for this industry going forward. We are very focused on getting more than our per capita share of that growth. We want to grow faster than those markets and we'll talk next week at the business briefing about our strategies for ensuring that we do get that kind of growth.
Richard Clark: I would say that from a commercial standpoint, obviously, we believe that this is a very strong portfolio when you've put these products together, and we're very much committed to driving very strong growth within the portfolio without making any specific comments around guidance. I want you to know that our commercial organization believes in this portfolio, they're motivated. And I think we are seeing the beginning of some benefits from putting these products together. For example, in the respiratory portfolio this quarter, when we look at SINGULAIR's performance and you look at MASONEX's performance from a volume issue [ph] basis recently, I actually think we're starting to see some benefits.
Richard Clark: Certainly, Jami, from a dividend standpoint, and we look at it [indiscernible] dollar value is that the dividend was sharply increased particularly as to the Schering-Plough shareholders, based on the merger that took place and so there has been an increase. Just as important as we look forward to our cash flow and we look toward how to continue to invest in the company, and think about dividend and think about share buybacks is just something that is a part of our strategic review and something that we will consider in the future.
Richard Clark: Steve, it's hard to tell yet when we think about all the details that need to be rolled out with healthcare reform, what it does long term. Having said that, though, I am optimistic because we are a company that focuses on innovation and if innovation has unmet medical needs that are being satisfied, certainly, there are patients both in Medicare and [indiscernible] not covered today that will need our medicines and vaccines in the future. There's a stronger component within the donut hole that people don't have to go off their medicines. As we continue to think about our Merck Bio ventures and Biologics in the future that the fact that we've got the type of patent protection we need from an innovation standpoint is important. The first they covered for prevention and vaccine is important. There are enough positives on one side of the equation even though there are fees and increased Medicaid rebates on the other side that you would think over time that as healthcare reform is put in place and that we are a major component to help reduce healthcare costs by innovation and by prevention, that it would be a positive for the company.
Richard Clark: Certainly from an acquisition standpoint, our focus right now has to be on execution. We have a tremendous opportunity here to bring two very important assets together from a merger standpoint and whether, as Ken said, that we're integrating from a commercial standpoint in the top 20 markets we've already integrated it across our top 12 of the 20, whether we're just bringing our network together or portfolio together, it's very, very important as we go forward. So we can't lose focus around the capabilities both on the topline and the cost standpoint around this valuable merger that we're putting together. And so that is extremely important. And then we have this very strong pipeline that we had to continue to build both internally because we have a strong late-stage development process in place. But we're always looking externally to make sure that from a licensing or an acquisitions, whether it's something that will help our individual franchises move forward, and so that support bodes well. Having said that, Animal Health, Consumer Health, what we're doing in emerging markets are very critical to us as part of our strategy, and we will continue to look at those as being an important part of organic as well as inorganic growth. I don't see diversification outside of that core as important, but as we continue to grow on the global stage, it's important that we build our global presence in many of the division I just talked about, so I think that's important. On your question concerning dividends or share buyback, they're very important to us and it's very difficult at this stage to bring the companies together on where we are from a cash flow to really tell you a priority on that.
Richard Clark: Thank you, Ken. And certainly in closing, we are off to a strong quarter as you can see for this year. I am extremely pleased with the progress on integration, the progress on the portfolio, the progress that we've made on the commercial side bringing the organizations together. And so I've lot of work to do yet, but from an execution standpoint and integration standpoint and the leadership standpoint, there's total alignment within the company and we can't wait to get to the second quarter. So thank you again.
