Todd James: Thanks, Candice, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter 2017 earnings call. The press release reporting our financial results, in addition to the presentation for today’s webcast, are available on the investor’s and media page of the corporate website at www.acceleronpharma.com. Joining me for the call today are Habib Dable, our Chief Executive Officer; Matthew Sherman, our Chief Medical Officer; and Kevin McLaughlin, our Chief Financial Officer. Our goal this afternoon is to provide an overview of the quarter, review updated financial results and outline our key priorities for the remainder of 2017. After that, we look forward to answering your questions. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook in addition to the regulatory and product development plans and research activities. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent Form 10-K on file with the SEC. I would now like to turn call over to Habib Dable, our Chief Executive Officer.
Todd James: Hey, Ted, it’s Todd. Thanks for your question. So as far as that program goes, I would say, there’s a bunch of areas that we’re thinking about in the rare disease muscle – neuromuscular area that we could, someone like our size Acceleron around could develop here in-house. And as far as going into details of disease areas, I’d say, stay tuned for R&D Day, where we’ll give some more of our thinking about how that program will progress. And then the first goal is to go into a healthy volunteer Phase 1 study. And so I would say, as far as a protocol or endpoints would depend on the disease that we choose for the Phase 2 study and all the other parameters, so stay tuned.
Todd James: – their HI-E rate that Habib described at the 15% to 30% rate, and you look at the treatment naive patients that we evaluated in our Phase 2 trial that it remains ongoing, we’re seeing a 50% plus response rate on a HI-E. If you look at their data, if any patient came into a trial with a baseline transfusion burden, it really significantly impacts the patient’s ability to respond. If you look at data with luspatercept in Phase 2 in patients that are naive and a transfusion burden really doesn’t impact their ability to respond at all in that patient population. So, from based off of our Phase 2 results, we see clear differentiation between the patients that they are able to get respond versus luspatercept, so a lot to be excited about in that patient population.
Todd James: Yes, I mean I think given that, so always all end points are fairly important, obviously nothing outweighs the primary, but given that it’s off label therapy, we think you know definitely just showing at a primary will be very important.
Todd James: Hey Paul, it’s Todd. Yes, so we always plan and submit abstracts for the upcoming medical conferences and so that that time period just popped up on us here in August and so we’ll be able to discuss more of the plans when those abstracts will be potentially accepted in November.
Todd James: And Chris, it’s Todd. I’d also add that, we’re focused on specific subtypes of CMT with CMT-1 and CMTX. And these subtypes of the disease are more adept myonating form and don’t have external involvement until much later in that patient’s disease progression. And to Matt’s point that there are still healthy nerves innervating the muscle. And so we believe if we are able to strengthen and enlarge the fibers connected to those healthy nerves that we’d increase the overall contract out force of the muscle. And focused in CMT on the tibialis anterior as many of these patients have put drop and it really tax their ability to lift the front their foot when they walk leading to not only lots of mobility, but a lot of falls.
Habib Dable: Yes, okay. Thanks, Geoff. So first of all, I’ll kick off with your second question regarding luspatercept and give you my perspectives, shed a little bit of light on ACE-083 and then I’ll hand it over to Matt, who can provide a little bit more details in terms of specifically what we’re going to be measuring in the first cohort versus – and maybe more in the first part of the study more importantly versus the second part.
Habib Dable: So with respect, yes, so with respect to the luspatercept just specifically in new indications that we’re looking at, for example, if we look at the first-line settings in MDS where we would be competing with ESAs, and really when you talk about the competition in ESAs, we’re really predominately talking about the lower-risk first-line setting in MDS, whereby in beta-thalassemia, for example, ESAs are just really rarely, if at all, used in that setting.
Habib Dable: So when we think about specifically now and targeting your question in that specific group, as you know, and I think we talked about this in the past, some of the internal assessments that we’ve done in terms of some of the claims data, et cetera, we estimate that ESAs in the setting are used off-label, approximately $500 million to $600 million a year in the U.S. alone. And you could argue that, if indeed, and we haven’t concluded this yet, and we plan to share more on this as the year progresses that if we were to go head-to-head improved superiority in this setting against ESAs, the risk of being step edited if you want or the risk of being pulled into that pricing challenge within ESA becomes a lot less. And I think what we’re saying to ourselves here is that, we really want to differentiate ourselves from the ESAs in the class, and potentially go head-to-head with them in a superiority study. And I would believe that, in that scenario where you’re on-label versus off-label and superior, you’ve got a differentiated profile, which should be able to justify the value that we’re bringing to the table. With respect to your second question really regarding specifically with respect to ACE-083 in a different cohorts. So we’ve got three dosing cohorts in Part 1 of the study, Geoff, and that’s really a dose-escalation cohort looking at 150, 200, and 250 milligram. And predominantly, we’re going to be using MRI and muscle growth to be able to inform us in terms of whether or not we should be moving on to the higher doses or not. That said, I think the subject to your question is the most important part and that’s really, if you’re going to have a drug in this space, you need to demonstrate strength and function. And that’s really what Part 2 of the study is designed for, where we would be recruiting 40 new patients. It would be a placebo-controlled study and we would clearly be looking at strength and function endpoints in that. Matt, though, if you’d like to shed a little bit more color though in terms of the first part and three cohorts BEYOND simply looking at muscle growth as to whether or not and how much, if any information would be gaining BEYOND simple muscle growth.
Habib Dable: Geoff, I think you had one more question Part, at least, to the earlier question regarding NTD and beta cell. And although, we would not be looking at ESAs directly there, I think, what’s more important here is the value proposition that we would be bringing to the table. In that, many of these patients still – with the increased levels or the decrease of hemoglobin have a lot of different symptoms. And as you know, we talked about this before simply being symptomatic is enough to make these patient feel pretty miserable. And if you look at the IWG guidelines and if you look at the ability to have clinically meaningful responses with these patient, the unmet need is still pretty high. And we’re really trying to target that specifically as well.
Habib Dable: And Carter, regarding specifically your question on in-house versus external, what I can tell you right now, TGF-beta has always been the foundation of what we’ve been doing here. We’ve – we’re going to continue to focus on TGF-beta internally. I think that’s what really differentiates us in terms of the deep expertise within this organization in terms of whether it’s research development, and really understanding where this particular area could take us. One of the things that we will talk about at R&D Day in September, we’ll be right around exactly where are the various opportunities? Where are the areas of high unmet need, where we feel we can leverage our deep expertise and potentially go into areas that we haven’t talked about. I’m going to shed some light on some of that analysis. And we’ll obviously be talking a lot more about where we are with our existing programs in terms of luspatercept in the muscle programs. Regarding external and BD specifically, I guess, you could look at BD in a number of ways, right? When looking at business development opportunities could also mean, once we get to a certain point within our own existing portfolio, we may be considering opportunities in trying to finding partners to be able to help us and assist us with our wholly-owned pipeline in market, say, for example, outside of the U.S. These are options that we will consider. We have not made decisions on that yet. But we also have said that, we are very committed to building leadership in therapeutic areas that we’re committed to. And at a certain point, when we are able to declare that we’ve gained enough progress in certain disease areas, whether that’s FSHD, or CMT, or others, we will be open to looking at enriching our portfolio with complementary assets perhaps in non-TGF-beta-related assets and bringing them in-house. But today, this is all preliminary thinking and really just good housekeeping, as we prepare ourselves for growth and leadership.
Habib Dable: And our guidance remains unchanged in turns having enough runway to take us into the second-half of 2019.
Habib Dable: Hey, Alethia, it’s Habib. So thanks for your questions. Regarding the first one, regarding myelofibrosis in terms of it’s kind of sizing up the opportunity. Right now, you’ve got Jakafi, which is used in the marketplace for those patients – for those myelofibrosis patients who suffer from an enlarged spleen. If you really look at that patient group, you’ve got approximately 30,000 patients that we estimate with myelofibrosis. About half of those patients, Alethia, we believe suffer from moderate to severe anemia, okay? Some of them are actually anemic without an enlarged spleen, some of them actually are an anemic and have an enlarged spleen on Jakafi. So we plan to be looking at dose populations in monotherapy with luspatercept, as well as an add-on to Jakafi.
Habib Dable: Yes. And so strategically, you’ve kind – you’ve cut off a little bit when you’re asked on the second part. Could you just repeat the second part of the question a little bit.
Habib Dable: Yes, now I got it, yes. So right now, our focus really is on those rare diseases where there’s a huge unmet need. And in most cases, the areas that we’re studying right now are in areas where there’s actually no pharmacology therapy. Now, if indeed, we find that we’ve got some compelling science and mechanism of action that leads that towards an area of high unmet need and it happens to be a very large area, we’ll think about that and perhaps assess the many strategic options that we would have at our disposal. But I would argue right now, that is not core to our strategy and that we really are focusing on those rare diseases with high unmet needs.
Habib Dable: Mike, this is Habib. With respect to gene therapy, I mean we are obviously aware of some of the studies are ongoing there. I personally feel if gene therapy is successful, it will be a wonderful thing for patients, but I also believe that we would not be direct competitors for all patients in that space and that there will be an opportunity for luspatercept in a very, very large population independent of that success. And we can talk about why I believe that whether that’s because of access, whether that’s because of the specific patient groups that they would be targeting etcetera. But I do believe wholeheartedly that if the opportunity for gene therapy and beta-thalassemia comes to existence that can only be a good thing for patients and it’s something that we have taken into account, but do not see as a formidable competitor in where we plan to compete.
Habib Dable: As far as the hips go, Terence, we really look at them very similar to the ESAs. In that, they boost natural erythropoietin levels. And so as far as a mechanism, we think that their results would probably be fairly similar to the essays. And given the mechanism for MDS in these patients being more of this later stage, in effect of a erythropoiesis versus an actual lack of endogenous erythropoietin, think that that therapy will have some challenges in having a significant impact on these patients anemia and underlying confusion burden.
Habib Dable: Thanks, everybody, and thanks for joining the call this afternoon. We hope you enjoy the rest of this summer and we look forward to seeing you at the upcoming conferences and as well the R&D Day on September the 19. Have a great day, and please feel free to reach out to us if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Matthew Sherman: To expand on Habib’s answer. So for Part 1 of the study, which is a three-dose cohort and it is open-label escalating, we will have data for the first cohort of 100 milligram cohort, I’m sorry, 150 milligram cohort at the end of this year, which we’re primarily focused on the muscle volume by MRI. But we’re also following patients for both increases in strength testing and importantly increases in functional testing. Examples of functional testing include time walking tests for patients whose lower extremities are affected, for patients whose biceps are affected that were locally injecting, here’s performance of the upper limb testing, which is a measure of strength as well in the upper bicep. So we will have those data for the first cohort by the end of this year help us and inform us, as we continue to escalate to the second and the third cohort for patients.
Matthew Sherman: Hi, Carter. So, yes, we’re very pleased with the enrollment to-date. We are progressing very nicely. We’re on track. And as we’ve indicated, we’ll have data from the first cohort by the end of this year.
Matthew Sherman: Hi, Robyn. So, yes, let me just sort of walk through what the design of the study is and again just emphasize what information we have. So Part 1 was – is an open label part of the study in three dose levels – dose-escalating. We escalate on safety, so we don’t actually need to have all the information in terms of muscle volume, muscle strength testing or muscle function another two to escalate. It is our plan. So we are, obviously, collecting that information one to two weeks throughout the study. And the Phase 2 study has been designed as a three-month study, and we do feel that that is a duration that is sufficient to be able to see meaningful changes in these parameters. If you go back to the healthy volunteer study, it was only after two doses 21 days apart that we’re able to see a 14.5% increase in muscle volume in the rectus femoris muscle and 8.9% increase in muscle volume in the tibialis anterior muscle. So certainly with three-month dosing in the Phase 2 study, we expect that we’ll meet or exceed those levels, of course, this is a disease population that’s the unknown.
Matthew Sherman: Yes. So with respect to those two disease areas, we obviously are going to – we’re still obviously working with the authorities. We’re working with our partners at Celgene and looking at some of the specific endpoints. Between now and the end of the year, we obviously will be shedding a lot more light on that. I think what does remain is the fact that, in both those areas, the unmet need is very high. And specifically, when you look at the first-line setting where COMMANDS is looking at, all we have is off-label use ESAs. And as you – as you’ve probably seen some of the recent publications, Mike, even at ASH, these patients are being treated with ESAs, with minimal to moderate effect. You saw that the data was anywhere from 15% to 30% response rate. And the durability within the patient population, it’s relatively low. When we saw that it’s sounds from seven to 12 months in those cases. So we’re really trying to look at finding an opportunity for us to differentiate and to do that in a meaningful and durable way. And I believe that as the year goes on and as we get more and more feedback from the authorities, we’ll be able to share with you a little bit more specifics about what those endpoints will look like.
Matthew Sherman: Hi Mike, it’s Matt. So, we hope it will be very helpful and based on the earlier data that we generated from the investigator-initiated trial at the MD Anderson Cancer Center showing that we had, five out of 14 patients we had response – hematologic response to sotatercept, so what that adds, the background information, obviously moving forward with this, very well designed rigorous Phase 2 study of luspatercept in myelopoiesis patients. You asked really about the endpoints for this, this trial is now posted on clinicaltrial.gov, so it’s detailed there.
Matthew Sherman: The end points are fairly, again fairly standard or rigorous end points in terms of the anemia only patient. They are required to have an increase in hemoglobin of 1.5 g/dL over 12 weeks and for the patients with transfusion dependent, they must become transfusion independent as well for a period of 12 weeks. So, with those data, we obviously will have lot of information to move forward into a Phase 3 trial.
Matthew Sherman: Hi, Paul. So no, I think as Habib indicated, it was a very rapid enrollment, it was very enthusiastic support by the investigators and certainly by the patients that led to the over enrollment, it’s not unusual for such large trails more than 70 sites per trial. Once you hit that target enrollment, slowing it down those patients and screening who will eventually need to be swept into enrollment if they were eligible and then further randomization would discontinue. It won’t have any significant impact on the powering of that study.
Matthew Sherman: Hi Chris, it’s Matt. So, in regard to the first question for ACE-020 molecule, we will going to the healthy volunteer trail, we’ll initiate it by the end of this year, so we’ll have more update in terms of the specifics of the trial design and actually the potential therapeutic indication in the molecule itself. So I think just stay tuned for that, we’ll also be able to provide some update as well at the R&D day, but our overall strategy across our different programs. We – regarding – I’m sorry your second question. [Multiple speakers]
Matthew Sherman: On the mechanism, so as ACE-031 that was partnered with Shire that we discontinued due to having an impact on vasculature due to its binding of a TGF-beta ligand called BMP9 and so what we are able to do is protein engineering for our new systemic molecule was basically take that binding out and now that molecule ligand trap hits GDF8 or myostatin, GDF11 and and activins. And the difference between ACE-024 and ACE-094 and ACE-083, ACE-083 was developed after the naturally occurring ligand trap in the TGF-beta superfamily called follistatin. So different protein, though, they hit similar ligands with hitting GDF8/11 and activins also with ACE-083, but the protein itself is different.
Matthew Sherman: And again, to add to the strategy, so ACE-083 is developed as a local muscle injection ACE-2494 will be a systemic. And really talking different diseases, because there are some diseases, as we indicated earlier, about FSHD, dystrophy, and CMT that can affect some of the number of muscles. And so they are a local therapy has the advantages of not having system exposure, where other diseases potentially might be more amenable to a systemic therapy. In regard to local injections for ACE-083, we haven’t released any information yet regarding the study. But we’re very pleased with the progress and now we continue to be on track for having data from our trial by the end of this year.
Matthew Sherman: So regarding trial on CMT, as you say, as you can hear, this is a disease where there’s lots of nerve function as opposed to a loss of muscle function and secondarily, then the muscle plus innovated and was strong. With that intact muscles there still is nerve innervation to their muscle and patients do have residual strength. So by building up muscle strength and function, it should improve the function for the patients. We identify patients, there – this is actually a disease that’s definitely took effect about 100,000 people in the United States. They present fairly routinely to regional or muscular clinics and in terms of eligibility for the trial they must have some strength. So that they – some mild to moderate weakness, but obviously some residual strength as well in order to for us to be able to show benefit for therapy.
Matthew Sherman: Yes. So, hi, Terence. So, we haven’t really presented any of the details in terms of the state designs. I think, we’ll just have to stay tuned and wait till later in this year when we get to the specifics of the trial design. Just to refer you to the most recent update that we had in terms of the activity at the – both at the MDS Symposium in Valencia and EHA in Spain, we’re able to show that, we have very good activity in MDS patients – in the lower-risk first-line MDS patients with baseline EPO level less than 500. So, that’s one good benchmark to keep an eye on.
