Frank Clyburn: Sure. Good morning, David. With regards to Europe in 189, we received reimbursement in Germany in mid-Europe. That was approximately last year. It's almost been a year when we had launched in Germany and got reimbursement. We now are very pleased that we have reimbursement in all of the major European markets. Spain just came onboard with reimbursement this past quarter, and we now have added Italy for reimbursement, which is just taking place this month as well as France. So we are in early innings in some of the markets with regards to 189. As I mentioned, Germany and mid-Europe we've had that product in combination reimbursed now for a while.
Frank Clyburn: Sure Chris. And so we are seeing continued strong underlying demand which was highlighted once again for GARDASIL, this quarter growing 27% and significant growth outside the U.S. What we have done and put in place is we are increasing our production from our existing plants. And as we mentioned on Investor Day, we commissioned the construction of two new bulk GARDASIL manufacturing facilities which we hope to bring online in 2023. So, in 2023, that is when we will expect to be able to ramp our supply up to meet the ex-U.S. demand. We decided to borrow from the stockpile, as Rob mentioned in his comments, really to support routine vaccinations in the U.S. as well as to free up some manufacturing capacity to make doses for other parts of the world. So, anticipate additional supply coming onboard significantly in 2023. We do believe we can still grow GARDASIL over the next several years as we continue to match and move supply to match our demand around the world.
Frank Clyburn: And what I'll add is that in the marketplace right now and I'll separate a couple of things in the U.S., we have established KEYTRUDA very strongly as a standard of care in first-line non-small cell lung cancer. Approximately eight out of every 10 eligible patients are receiving a KEYTRUDA regimen either a monotherapy or in combination. And what we're hearing from both the academic community or academic physicians I should say and the community physicians is that they really believe KEYTRUDA now has established itself as a standard of care in lung. I think also importantly, we have to note that there's significant real world experience based on our first-mover advantage with KEYTRUDA in lung. So while we know, it'll be eventually competitive in this space, we feel very confident on our position. If I look outside the U.S., I think it's important to note not only the significant regulatory approvals we received, but also the HTA reimbursements we now have. And that takes time. And it also is important to note that HTA bodies really do look at the magnitude of the effect of the data that you're bringing compared to other standards of care and we have done extremely well from a reimbursement perspective and positioned-well as I mentioned in Europe. China we also are very well-positioned with our first-mover advantage in lung based off of 189 and KEYNOTE-042 now in monotherapy. And also we're very well established in Japan. So as I look around the world, I feel very confident about our overall lung position. Clearly as Roger mentioned we'll have to wait and see some of the additional data sets. But going forward, we're very confident in our ability to continue to grow KEYTRUDA and continue to grow in lung cancer.
Frank Clyburn: Sure. So on China, we feel very pleased and we mentioned this too on Investor Day at our current growth rate. This quarter you see we grew 98% and year-to-date we've seen very strong growth in China. It's really been driven by KEYTRUDA, GARDASIL Lynparza, Lenvima and also Januvia, when it was added to the NRDL in 2017. With regards to some of the pricing dynamics in China, we do anticipate based off of volume-based pricing and the rollout to additional provinces that there will be some headwinds and pressure on some of our more mature brands in China. As we mentioned even with that we're still very confident because the majority of our portfolio is now pivoted to the innovation side and that is what is going to drive the growth going forward. As far as NRDL and access we are still working -- we are actually working through the NRDL process right now in China. We'll have to wait and see how all that plays out but we're encouraged about China both today in the self-pay market. And then obviously if we do receive NRDL reimbursement it opens up a significant amount of new patients that we could treat with KEYTRUDA as well as other parts of our portfolio.
Frank Clyburn: Yeah. So on China, what is happening is with regards to the four plus seven pilots so there are pilots that are under way in China that are looking at tendering processes for some of the more mature brands across the industry. Right now, the impact to us has pretty much been Cozaar and SINGULAIR the two products. However, for us as we go forward and as that process, we do anticipate will expand into the 31 provinces over time in China, it really will put some additional pricing pressure on our more mature portfolio as I mentioned. Just to give you a perspective, the reason why we're seeing the significant growth in China is because two-thirds of our portfolio already is in the innovative part of our business. So those products, we feel very confident will not be a part of the volume-based procurement rollout, which we believe will allow us to continue to grow not only near-term, but also over the next several years and long term in China. And it's really being driven by the innovative portfolio of KEYTRUDA, Lynparza, Lenvima, GARDASIL JANUVIA and some other additional launches that we plan. So, while there'll be headwinds to the older portion of the portfolio, we feel very good that our pivot to innovation has really helped us not only in the near-term but will continue to help us in the long term.
Frank Clyburn: So GARDASIL grew in the U.S. approximately 3% if you exclude -- or excluding FX. Underlying demand growth and price did drive growth, which was partially offset in Q3 by CDC purchasing timing. So we did not see CDC purchases in 3Q as we expected, which is why you saw a 3% growth. The borrowing that we mentioned or that Rob mentioned earlier on in the call will be borrowing that will take place in the fourth quarter of this year which will reduce our fourth quarter sales by approximately $120 million compared to Q4 of 2018.
Roger Perlmutter: Right. David, look clearly the major opportunity in lung cancer is in non-small cell lung cancer. But small cell lung cancer is important as well and so we are encouraged to think the breadth of activity of KEYTRUDA are ambiguous and we're encouraged to believe that there will be meaningful opportunity in small cell lung cancer as well based on the 604 trial. For triple-negative breast cancer, I mean, again, I would highlight that the KEYNOTE-522 data demonstrate a really quite dramatic improvement in pathologic complete response rate under circumstances where optimal neoadjuvant therapy is given and the trend is really quite impressive. I mean, there's a 27% roughly improvement in pathologic complete response; the event-free survival data had -- has a ratio of 0.63. That's really quite remarkable. And although we had set an extremely high bar there and didn't meet our statistical test at that point, as I said it, certainly augurs well for what the subsequent outcome measures will look like. Over time, I think that will really have a big effect on the how triple-negative breast cancer is treated. And those individuals who are not treated with a neoadjuvant kind of regimen KEYNOTE-355 offers a real opportunity. Obviously, we have to wait for the data and we're looking forward to seeing that at some point in the future.
Roger Perlmutter: Well Daina lots of questions there. Let me try and break them out. First of all, we do have a lot of studies in neoadjuvant and those studies are driven by fundamental observations. I think what we've come to recognize is that KEYTRUDA works well in settings where there is a inflammatory response in the tumor. And tumor cell death however it's caused, whether that's the result of radiotherapy or the result of chemotherapy or potentially even the result of surgical wounds that inflammation that takes place is augmented by the presence of KEYTRUDA which improves responsiveness. And we see that in preclinical models and it's played out in the clinic as well and are -- has driven a lot of our thinking about combination studies. And so that naturally led us to perform neoadjuvant studies and we began these some time ago. And we're beginning to see results in early stage and even in Phase III studies. And I talked about the KEYNOTE-522 neoadjuvant data in triple-negative breast cancer which of course were built on the I-SPY 2 data we have earlier all of which suggest that neoadjuvant can provide good responses. You specifically asked though about release of data from interim analyses. And clearly we will release those data as those data are important and that we -- and people need to hear about them. So it's really just a function of the -- what data we get. And generally we tend to see these as important results that we want to present in scientific meetings, so we generally don't provide detailed information in the context of an investor presentation. But we tend to present these in a scientific setting as we did at the European Society meeting in September. Now the requirements for regulatory approval are the traditional requirements here and that is the agency is going to be interested either in evidence of a favorable benefit/risk profile in the outcomes of treatment or they're going to want to have a surrogate that they believe is validated with respect to those kinds of endpoints. And I think that that will be true for the neoadjuvant studies and adjuvant studies as we've seen in the past. And our expectations are as I've indicated that this is going to prove to be an extremely important area which is why we have so many neoadjuvant and adjuvant studies currently under way. We have something on the order of 100 of them altogether in various different settings. So it's really quite an important area for us.
Roger Perlmutter: And Geoff, thanks for the question. I think as you point out the fundamental issue is that while we see terrific results with KEYTRUDA in a substantial fraction of cancer patients that still leaves a substantial fraction -- a very substantial fraction in some tumor settings, who just don't respond and the question is why. And we've published sort of data in which we presented 2-axis plot of inflammatory response versus tumor mutational burden, which are related but only weakly. And it is the case that tumors with higher mutational burden, especially very high mutational burden as you see in the MSI population respond extremely well. The question is that – that we are asking in a whole variety of studies is how can we take this less responsive tumor populations and make them more recognizable and a better trigger for immune responsiveness that can involve combinations with other agents that can involve interventions that cause mutations to become fixed a whole variety of other things that we're pursuing. Ultimately, that will be an important frontier. We do see KEYTRUDA as a foundation for that treatment. It will be KEYTRUDA plus other things that will enable us to gain access to these less responsive patient populations. But we're hard at work on it.
Roger Perlmutter: On gefapixant, I mean we – as you indicated Mara, we're pursuing a set of interesting indications with this P2X3 antagonist set, because we think it could turn out to be broadly useful beyond the chronic cough indication where we are in Phase 3. But I wouldn't read anything into the timing of completion of studies. We update ClinicalTrials.gov as we get more information from clinical operations. When we start out particularly in these syndications endometrial pain and other areas where we're not 100% sure about feasibility we make a guess on what we think enrollment rates are going to be in sites. And of course, every study is different because the enrollment criteria are different. And as we prosecute these studies, and we get better estimates of when trials will actually complete we update ClinicalTrials.gov. It's not a tool that helps one resolve specifically what's going on in the marketplace.
Roger Perlmutter: On cell therapy, we love the data in hematologic malignancy and I think it challenges how to translate into -- that into solid tumors where the tumor-specific antigens are less clear. Obviously, if you're targeting CD19 and you get rid of all the lymphocytes well patients can live with the elimination of all the lymphocytes including of course the malignant ones, but normal ones too. If you're targeting on the other hand antigens which are not sufficiently tumor specific in solid tumors then you potentially do enormous damage to normal structures and that's problematic. I think there are some things on the horizon, which will improve that and we're watching them carefully. And clearly with the other areas you mentioned tumor infiltrating lymphocytes, so better protocols are evolving. So it's an area of great interest and clearly something that we would want to incorporate as time goes by and things get better.
Roger Perlmutter: Well Steve with respect to first-line non-small cell lung cancer, it is -- looking at the data that we've seen presented in some detail which is the 227 data both in publication and presentation at ESMO, it's difficult to identify the patient population in which a combination of in this case Opdivo and Yervoy would be the right choice. But I think that the argument that has been made by our colleagues at Bristol-Myers is in particular they're looking at those individuals in whom there is less PD-L1 expression. I think you'd have to look at those data very carefully because of course our data in PD-L1-negative patients in the chemo combo setting is I think really quite strong and the safety profile that we've rollout to a KEYNOTE-189 data and as it's being used in the marketplace is also very good. So I'm just not sure where I see a special niche for the use of a combination of a CTLA-4 antibody. And I'm eager to see our own data as I indicated for the 598 study to actually get a better sense of what ipilimumab, Yervoy will add to KEYTRUDA. And that might help to refine that question a little bit, but I can't really come up with a specific answer to it.
Roger Perlmutter: On 522, we are -- pulled the data together. And we're having discussions with regulatory agencies. And we'll see exactly how that goes over time. And of course in the meanwhile additional data will accrue. So we'll see where we get to.
Rob Davis: Yeah. Yeah. Good morning, Chris. To your question about operating margins, I think what you're looking at as you see the results year-to-date in the third quarter of 2019 is really just the power of what happens when you get accelerated revenue growth. And frankly, we've seen revenue growth as you've seen from the way we've been raising guidance for the year is outpacing even our own expectations. So, as a result of that, we have actually seen stronger operating margin improvement in 2019 than we expected. As we look forward we continue to see increases in operating margin every year, but our view really hasn't changed that as we look at 2020 that is still a year of investment where we do expect to continue to make sure we fully invest behind what is a growing and exciting pipeline of opportunities both in oncology and vaccines and other areas that Roger has touched upon. And then we really do expect to see operating margin then to be more meaningful as we look in 2021 and beyond as we see the rate of R&D growth slow to rates lower than sales. So, our overall view hasn't changed 2019 is just really exceptional because of the strength we're seeing in the topline.
Rob Davis: Yes, good morning Tim. With regard to your question, actually I think the comment I made in the prepared remarks is that it's due to favorable earnings mix. And the reason I'd just clarify that is that both are based on product mix as well as geographic mix. So, it's both and it's more than just what you see with KEYTRUDA, although KEYTRUDA is produced in a tax-favored jurisdiction. So, we do get benefit from seeing growth in KEYTRUDA, but it's not the only thing driving it. I would highlight as you look at this year's tax rate and just to remind you that in the first quarter, we did have some discrete items that drove our rates a couple of points lower. So, we are benefiting from that as well. And as we look forward into 2020 we have not finalized our plans so I'll only give official guidance. But I would just make sure you kind of keep that view in your mind as you balance your thinking around positive trend forward relative to where we are and where we've been.
Rob Davis: Thanks Seamus. To the question on cash flow, you are correct that the business is doing quite a nice job of generating cash flow really which is testament to the overall strength we can see in the business. As you look at our capital allocation as you're going forward, it's really unchanged. First and foremost, we will continue to fund the operations. As you know we continue to invest meaningfully within our growing R&D portfolio of opportunities. We are investing meaningfully in capacity expansion to address the growth we see in our vaccines business oncology business and our Animal Health business. And so we will continue to do that. Beyond that we are still very committed to our dividend. But as you look at the excess cash flow beyond that, our goal continues to be to invest in business development, I would point out to your one comment about the call being narrowly focused on KEYTRUDA. I do think it's important that people continue to realize while KEYTRUDA is truly a foundational product, we are a lot more than just KEYTRUDA. We have growing excitement about the broader oncology pipeline we have with Lynparza Lenvima the over 20 mechanisms we have in development that Roger has talked about in the past. Our vaccines portfolio continues to grow very nicely. I think overall vaccines grew 18% in the quarter. And you saw obviously good growth with GARDASIL our pediatric vaccines. I mean, we have a great pipeline with CMV, dengue, RSV. A lot of excitement around our HIV portfolio we have that Rogers touched upon in his prepared comments and broader in our antibiotic space and then obviously Animal Health. So we have a lot internally just to be excited about. But with that said, we are looking to continue to augment that through business development. And that's our hope to deploy the cash flow we'll generate to that. And then obviously to the extent we have any cash left over after those efforts we will return it to shareholders. So that is our strategy and pretty consistent with where we've been.
Rob Davis: Yes, I appreciate the questions. On the operating margin, I don't want to get into specific guidance. As I said, I think, if you look at this year the growth we had in operating margin is exceptional because of the fact that sales outpaced our expectations and frankly outpaced our spend. So that's really driven by the power of what the revenue line can give. And beyond that I would wait till we get to our 2020 guidance to get more specific as we look forward. With regard to Animal Health and what we're seeing there so you are correct BRAVECTO has been an important growth driver for that business. We're now actually now also though seeing good growth overall coming from the production side of the business as well. You saw that livestock grew 12% in the quarter driven by the benefits of the Antelliq products we brought into the company as well as good growth in companion animal. As we look forward, we continue to believe that the Animal Health business will grow at a rate faster than the overall market driven by the innovative products we have both in companion animal as well as across the broader vaccines portfolio and other portfolio of products we have. So our view of the strength of the growth in that business hasn't changed long-term. As we look at the triple combo that's coming from competitors we actually have some programs in development. We haven't really commented specifically on those, but safe to say, we're aware of that and work is under way in our own portfolio. But I'd bring you back to the benefits we see from our BRAVECTO product. It is the only 12-week oral therapy in the marketplace today and we continue to see that in very good demand and frankly believe that that will be a competitive product even in light of an evolving competitive set through innovation which we will eventually match through our own development efforts.
Rob Davis: Yeah. And on the question of pricing pressure really the context in which I was commenting was just to make sure as we look at what is truly exceptional growth in revenue and earnings, in both the quarter of 2019, third quarter of 2019 as well as what we had guided for the full year. And as we think about growth going into next year, and as you think about your models to be cognizant of the fact that we do expect to see incremental price pressure over and above, where we have been in 2019. I'm not going to specifically quantify it, but it was really to give you directional thinking as you look at your growth models for next year.
