Teri Loxam: Thank you, Darla, and good morning. Welcome to Merck's fourth quarter and full-year 2016 conference call. Today I'm joined by: Ken Frazier, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; Adam Schechter, President of Global Human Health; and Dr. Roger Perlmutter, President of Merck Research Laboratories. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I'd like to point out a few items. You will see that we have items in our GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs, and certain other items. You should note that we have excluded these from our non-GAAP results and provide a reconciliation of these in our press release. We have also provided a table in our press release to help you understand the sales in the quarter for the business units and products. I would like to remind you that some of the statements that we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current beliefs of Merck's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2015 10-K, identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. You can see our SEC filings as well as today's earnings release on Merck.com. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ken Frazier.
Teri Loxam: Thanks, Roger. Darla, we will move on to our Q&A portion of the call. If I could ask the analysts to please limit your questions to just one or two so we can get as many people in as possible, that would be appreciated. Darla, we'll go to Q&A, please.
Teri Loxam: Thanks, Rob. Darla, unfortunately I think we're almost out of time here. Ken's got a few final words. But for any analyst that didn't get on the call with questions, the IR team is around throughout the day to answer those questions, and I'll let Ken finish off.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Thank you, Teri. Good morning, everyone. In 2016, we drove growth across many areas of our portfolio, which enabled us to exceed our EPS commitments for the year. Looking forward, we remain confident in the ongoing performance of our key inline franchises and core brands as well as the growing momentum behind our pipeline and major product launches. Business development remains an important priority for us, as we are committed to building on our current portfolio and pipeline. We continue to seek the best scientific opportunities via acquisitions, partnerships, and collaborations at the right financial valuation, with a particular focus on augmenting our early to mid-stage pipeline. As you are all aware, we are operating in a period of significant volatility and uncertainty, including the current political and policy environment in the United States. Merck, however, remains steadfast in our mission to produce biomedical innovations that save and improve lives. We believe our broad and balanced portfolio will enable us to weather these uncertainties and positions us well to deliver long-term value to shareholders. Earlier this week, along with a small group of industry CEOs representing pharma, I participated in an initial meeting with President Trump. We discussed how we can work together on areas of common ground, such as reforming our country's tax code, removing outdated and counterproductive regulations that drive up costs and hinder biomedical progress, and using market forces like competition and choice to make medicines more affordable and accessible to the patients who need them, all with the ultimate goal of stimulating greater innovation and growth on the part of U.S.-based companies. I came away encouraged by the open and constructive dialogue of this first meeting, and we look forward to working with the administration and Congress to develop and advance solutions that will achieve this goal. In closing, we remain committed to investing in R&D and to discovering and developing transformational medicines and vaccines that create significant therapeutic and shareholder value. While planning in the current environment has its challenges, we believe we've put forward reasonable expectations for 2017, which Rob will discuss next in more detail. We will stay focused on driving the performance of our core business, advancing our late-stage pipeline, including expanding the use of KEYTRUDA, our foundational immuno-oncology agent, and executing on our key launch products to maximize long-term growth. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over now to Rob.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay, this is Ken Frazier, Dave. Thanks for the question. It's important to recognize that this was a first meeting with President Trump. In this meeting, we got a lot of issues on the table. The President was really clear that his ultimate goal is twofold. One is to create U.S. jobs, and the second one is to ease the cost burden on patients. But he was also quick to say he recognizes the importance of this industry, and he doesn't want to interfere with the incentives in the marketplace for us to continue to take risks and make the kinds of investments that are needed to discover and develop long-term innovation. We also talked, as you know, about reforming taxes, easing regulation, ensuring that we have the right kinds of negotiations around value-based health care. Where we decided to go from there is that we would have regular check-ins after that. We don't have a second meeting today established on his calendar, but we said that we would continue to have regular check-ins to ensure that there was good communication between us and the administration. Obviously, the administration is focused on repealing and replacing the ACA, and they're very early in those thought processes also. And we will continue, along with our colleagues at pharma, to reach out to both the administration and Congress to ensure that our interests are represented and that patients continue to have access to high-quality and affordable health care.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Yes, so thanks for the question. I'll start by saying that valuations have come down, and that has caused us to continue to look very hard at various options that we have across the marketplace. I would say you shouldn't infer from the fact that you haven't seen a deal that we're not making every effort to try to do the right kind of deal for our shareholders in the long run. We still have to find a willing seller and we still have to find a price where we think we can actually create value, and that's generally the issue that we've actually encountered up until now. I would also say with respect to your question about exogenous factors like tax policy and ACA that we feel like we have the firepower now in terms of a strong balance sheet to do the kinds of deals that we need to do across the entire spectrum of opportunities and assets. So I would just say we keep reminding you that BD is important to us because we want you to know that we're being very diligent and looking for the right deal at the right valuation.
Kenneth C. Frazier: I'll start with the question you asked. So obviously, we can't say what people in the Trump administration are thinking beyond what we heard in that meeting. And what we heard in that meeting I think gives us a lot of confidence that the Trump administration does understand the challenges associated with research-based pharmaceutical industry growth going forward. What I heard from Mr. Trump was a concern less around the cost of drugs in the aggregate but more around how patients need to be able to afford their co-pays and things of that nature. So since that was the discussion in the meeting, we were thinking about okay, we know that under the Part D benefit it's coming way under what was forecast. We know that substantial discounts are being negotiated by large players in the system. The question becomes how do we get some of that value to come to individual patients at the counter. The discussion went in that direction, and I think that's a legitimate issue for American patients. And we want to see how we can harness the private markets to actually help patients afford their medicines more on an individual basis. But we did not have a conversation in there that leads me to believe that they think the solution to that problem is secretarial negotiations. Now there will be politics around that. We know that there will be bills that are introduced in Congress calling for that. But the fact of the matter is I think that that is not perceived to be the solution to the problem.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So I want to thank you all for being here this morning. If I could leave just one comment, we are extremely confident going into the future. I think you can see from our guidance that we are actually implying EPS growth despite headwinds in loss of exclusivity and FX and the other challenges we face. We're looking forward to our progress at first-line lung, to the KEYNOTE-021G filing and things of that nature, and I think we look forward to having tremendous opportunities going forward. So thank you very much.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And David, this is Roger. With respect to KEYNOTE-021, it's worth recognizing that the KEYNOTE-021G results confirmed, with respect to response rate, the prior monotherapy study, that is cohort C of KEYNOTE-021, so in essence this is a second study. I think the data stand on their own. The fact that the results we're seeing with respect to response rate and progression-free survival, and at this point, there is no separation in overall survival, is unsurprising in a way because: first of all, follow-up is really quite short, six months; and secondly, because there's a substantial amount of crossover between the two arms. These data represent, to my knowledge, the first controlled data comparing a combination with chemotherapy, and as a result, I think are quite significant. I will not predict how FDA or any regulatory agency will respond to those data, but I do think the results stand on their own.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Right, on KEYNOTE-189, we could get a simultaneous readout. It's really a function of the magnitude of the treatment effect. So I can't speculate on what exactly we're going to see for KEYNOTE-189, but again, it's a comparison that looks at the ability of combination with chemotherapy to have a meaningful treatment effect. And if there is an overall survival benefit of substantial magnitude, we'd see it. Again, I think one should keep in mind that crossover does occur in these studies, and more and more, we will be seeing the impact of crossover. We are in the process of evaluating that, because there are some interesting issues with respect to the sequencing of KEYTRUDA therapy and chemotherapy and the impact that has on results, so there's a lot of information we're going to get out of KEYNOTE-189. With respect to the study on hold that you mentioned, that study actually is not on hold. That's a misstatement in ClinicalTrials.gov, and I believe they're busy correcting it, but it's not on hold. What was seen in the study is, we believe, of course, what you would expect to see in grievously ill patients who have intercranial malignancies. And there's really nothing represented in that study, so nothing to pay attention to really, I think.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Okay, so first of all, with KEYNOTE-189, not much to add to what I've said previously. Again, we are expecting that there will be a meaningful impact of crossover in all future studies, because of the widespread appreciation of the value of KEYTRUDA therapy, and the desire on the part of physicians and patients, to gain access to that when they have progressive disease. The impact of crossover will depend upon its timing and also the sequencing phenomenon that I mentioned. PFS is a sensible endpoint in that context, and that contributes to our study design. With respect to KEYNOTE-042, you should expect that study to go to completion. We are eager to understand whether the superiority that we demonstrated in KEYNOTE-024 vis-à-vis traditional doublet chemotherapy applies across the totality of patients, in lung cancer patients beyond those who just have PD-L1 expression in 50% or more of cells. So that study is going on. I have no expectation. In general, we don't change the endpoints of our studies once we've embarked upon them. We think hard about them and we try and get those endpoints right at the beginning. We could in principle do that, but I see no reason to at the present time. And with respect to combinations with immunotherapies, including those directed at CTLA-4, we remain interested in the broadest possible set of combinations that can have beneficial impact to patients, and that includes immunotherapies, not just CTLA-4, but other things as well. My expectation is that with time we will see that treatment regimens are more and more personalized. I do not expect that one size will fit all here and that every cancer patient will receive the same combination, whether it's chemotherapy or immunologic manipulation. My feeling is though that KEYTRUDA will prove to be foundational in these settings because of its very broad impact in a wide variety of different tumor types at different stages of disease, as we've shown.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Right, so a number of questions, Mark. Thanks for that. First of all, we do have a squamous front-line study which will be coming out and we expect sometime in 2018, the first part of 2018, KEYNOTE-407. And our expectation is that we'll be able to demonstrate the same kind of effect in first-line with squamous, but time will tell. As far as chemo combinations are concerned, it is early days. If you look at the KEYNOTE-021 program, you can see that there were improvements in response rates in a variety of different settings in combinations with different therapies. And of course, our colleagues at Roche have demonstrated combination results with chemotherapy using their PD-L1 antibody. So I think that over time we're going to find out that there are probably a lot of things that work in combinations fairly well. Certainly pre-clinically that's what we see, combinations with radiotherapy, chemotherapy, immune manipulations, a variety of kinds including vaccinations, oncolytic viruses, and then of course our recent interesting data that we have in combination IDO1 antagonists with our colleagues at Incyte. So all of that suggests that there are going to be many different combinations and there will be quite a lot of customization over time. And as I say, I don't think that one size will fit all in that regard. And finally with respect to the results from Lilly, the disappointing results with solanezumab, again, I don't think that that speaks specifically to the validity of the A-beta hypothesis or the general hypothesis that processing of amyloid precursor protein into potentially toxic peptides contributes to the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's dementia and other dementias. I think the genetic data are very clear that in general one associates an increase in processing as a result of which alleles one inherits, whether the precursor protein itself or of the beta secretase. One associates increased processing with a higher likelihood of progressing to dementing illness during life. The question is if we block that, if we phenocopy a reduction of beta secretase activity, will that reduce progress of dementing illness or the likelihood of becoming demented, and how early do we have to do that? And of course, that's what we're testing with our beta secretase inhibitor, verubecestat, which is an excellent beta secretase inhibitor. We can dramatically reduce beta secretase activity and reduce the levels of A-beta peptides and cerebrospinal fluid. The question is are we getting in early enough, and time will tell.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Right. So, Vamil, there's a lot of data coming out over the next year. And of course, there's a very substantial amount of KEYTRUDA data that we'll be seeing, which we've already mentioned, that relates to the enormous breadth of indications. That's the first thing. The second thing, of course, as we talked about already, is we're going to be seeing data from the REVEAL study and from BACE. Beyond that, of course, you're going to be seeing additional data from our ertugliflozin data that is in diabetes, Type 2 diabetes. We have a lot of data in the HIV setting and generally in infectious diseases. So both doravirine Phase 3 data, which should be presented relatively early in 2017. And we're going to be seeing a lot more information coming from as well the letermovir CMV data that you'll have a chance to look at, which could be quite important. And finally, there's data from our acquisition of Afferent in the chronic cough setting. This is our P2X3 antagonist, and that could be quite interesting. And you'll have a chance to see some of those Phase 2b data as well. So a lot of data coming out in 2017.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Tony, it's Roger. So I think the general logic of this is that, if we want to improve responses to KEYTRUDA, we need to recruit more immune cells and lower the barrier to activation of those cells. That's the general logic. When you look at indices of responsiveness to KEYTRUDA, there are two things that clearly contribute, as has been reported by us and by others. First of all is mutational burden, so the representation of things that, in principle, immune cells could recognize. And the second is the pre-existing immune response, usually judged by something like PD-L1 expression or gamma-interferon or something like that. The combination with chemotherapy can improve immune responses just by releasing a lot of material from cell death, and in essence, cross-priming immune systems, so it can do that. It can improve responses through mutagenesis, or it can more generally change the inflammatory milieu. All of those things are possible, and the different chemotherapeutic agents can do those different things. So as we learn more about each patient and what the problem is that is required to achieve a better immune response, we should be able to harness those things better. Maybe the answer is to increase mutagenesis in a particular patient, and maybe radiation therapy is the best thing to use. Maybe, on the other hand, it's really a matter of tumor lysis to present more antigen, in which case, for example, directly cytotoxic drugs or cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors might be good. So a whole variety of things to explore, and we're trying to do that in a sensible and scientific way.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Right, Alex. So with respect to the first study, you're right. There was no imaging done for amyloid in the first study, in part because at the time of the start of the study that was not so easy to do. We did, however, try and pay attention to the representation of APOE subsets by stratification, which will improve the representation of individuals who likely have amyloid-enhanced Alzheimer's by the traditional definition. In terms of the study itself, measuring the progression of cognitive improvement, it's a fairly traditional set of measures. And roughly speaking, the representation of mild versus moderate is about 50:50. So we're eager to see the results. We will do a lot of subset analyses no matter what. And we are in a position, I think, because of the size of the study and the care with which the study was conducted, to get a lot of information. Fingers crossed, we're hopeful that we'll actually see a positive result.
Robert M. Davis: So let me start with the KEYTRUDA numbers. And again, the data is not perfect, but I'll give you a rough estimate. The total sales were $483 million globally. The U.S. was $311 million. Rest of the world was $172 million. A rough estimate for the U.S. is that about 40% of sales were melanoma. About 30% of the sales were in lung cancer, about 15% in head and neck, and then 15% in all other categories.
Robert M. Davis: Tony, this is Rob. Thanks for the question. As we look at this, I think this really goes back to something we started talking about even back in the third quarter, as we started giving some indications of what we saw coming into 2017. Clearly, we recognize the need to pivot and try to manage expense in the year of patent expiries. However, we also recognize, and frankly feel good about, the fact that we have such a strong opportunity with KEYTRUDA that to try to pull back on some of those important clinical studies – as you know, we have over 420 studies underway for a product that clearly is starting to show it can be a leader in the space, only to manage for the short term, we felt, was not the right decision. So we made a decision to still invest in R&D. That's why R&D is actually growing. We are holding SG&A relatively flat. And I think that's also important because, on the back of what's coming with KEYTRUDA in first-line lung cancer and across the other indications it has, we want to make sure we're also investing for a successful global launch of those products. As far as to the specific question of, is this dependent on KEYNOTE-021G, the answer is no. Obviously, we will adapt our spend depending on what we see happening throughout the year, but there's not a specific trigger tied to KEYNOTE-021G. And I would point out that we will remain disciplined and continue to make the right decisions and resource allocations so that we can ultimately, in the long term, get back to a leveraged P&L. I think we're in a unique situation where we have such an opportunity, we don't want to lose it. We're going to invest behind it, but we're going to do so in a disciplined way.
Robert M. Davis: And with your question on gross margin, yes, KEYTRUDA's gross margin, even with the royalty, is above, well above the corporate gross margin. And as we look at the mix of headwinds and tailwinds that drive gross margin going forward, growth in KEYTRUDA is clearly one of the larger tailwinds for our overall gross margin into the future, even with the royalty included.
