Teri Loxam - Investor Contact: Thank you, Darla, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Merck's Third Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Today I'm joined by Ken Frazier, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; Adam Schechter, President of Global Human Health; and Dr. Roger Perlmutter, President of Merck Research Labs. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I want to point out a couple of items. First, you will see that we have items in our GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs, and certain other items. You should note that we've excluded these items from our non-GAAP results and provided a reconciliation of these items in Table 2 of our press release. We've also provided a table to help you understand the sales results in the quarter for the business units and products, which can be found in Table 3 of our press release. During the call we may refer to Table 2 for the P&L and Table 3 as it relates to revenue. Second, I would like to remind you that some of the statements we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current belief of Merck's management and are subject to significant risk and uncertainty. If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2014 10-K, identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that cause – that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements and you can see our SEC filings as well as today's earnings release on merck.com. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ken.
Teri Loxam - Investor Contact: Thanks, Roger. And Darla, I know we're starting to run out of time. We're going to try to squeeze in two more questions if we can keep them short. And then if we have time, we'll try to squeeze in another one. But let's move on to the next one.
Teri Loxam - Investor Contact: And I think we are almost out of time, but let's try to squeeze in one more really quickly. And then I want to be sensitive to the time given all the other calls going on today.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Thank you, Teri. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining the call this morning. Before we review our third quarter results, I want to reinforce a few fundamental points about Merck. Our company has had a long history of success in translating scientific discoveries into novel and highly differentiated medicines and vaccines that provide major therapeutic and economic value. Our R&D-focused strategy aims to drive future growth and shareholder value in the same manner. We believe that the evolving characteristics and dynamics of global healthcare increasingly underscore this ability to provide high-value innovation is what will be – what distinguishes successful companies going forward. This approach is evidenced by our late-stage pipeline and ongoing launches, which reflect scientific and therapeutic progress in some of the world's most challenging area's unmet medical need including cancer, antibiotic resistance, cardiometabolic disease, hepatitis C, and Alzheimer's disease, all areas where we have both near- and longer-term opportunities to create beneficial returns for patients, society, and shareholders. Our broad, global, and balanced portfolio of medicines and vaccines allows us to weather periodic volatility within a particular therapeutic area or region while consistently focusing on the best scientific and medical opportunities. Speaking of focus, we've been investing our resources to grow our strongest brands and to support the most promising assets in our pipeline while, at the same time, lowering our overall cost base and delivering a leveraged P&L. We restored the JANUVIA franchise to growth. We established an oncology business unit and accelerated the development of KEYTRUDA, which was the first anti-PD-1 to market in the U.S. We reinforced our leadership in hospital acute care, specifically in antibiotic resistance, and have continued to drive positive results in vaccines. We are executing well on our strategy, advancing our pipeline in commercial portfolio both internally as well as externally through business development, all while delivering significant capital returns to shareholders. In the third quarter, we reported solid top line performance achieving strong results in our core focus areas, which coupled with thoughtful cost management, translated to bottom line growth. Rob and Adam will provide more detail on our financial, operational, and commercial performance this past quarter. On the R&D front, our research organization continues to make major strides, accomplishing several important milestones this quarter, which Roger will review in detail in a few minutes. Progress in our oncology and hepatitis C programs underscores and exemplifies our ongoing commitment to pursuing science in the areas where we can have the greatest impact while driving long-term growth. On a separate but meaningful note, we were especially proud to mention that, recently, our own William Campbell, Dr. William Campbell, was jointly named the 2015 Nobel Prize winner in Physiology or Medicine for his work in the discovery of MECTIZAN. More than 2 billion free treatments later, the results speak for themselves as river blindness is in the process of being eliminated around the world. As you may know, this honor is rarely bestowed on a scientist whose research was conducted in a company setting. We are delighted for our retired colleague, Dr. Campbell, who is an inspiration for our Merck colleagues around the world. In closing, Merck is well positioned for a solid finish in 2015. Our results for the quarter and year-to-date reflect the company's disciplined focus and investment of resources on the internal and external opportunities that can generate sustainable value for society and shareholders. In doing so, we intend to continue to play a leading role in helping to shape the future of health for populations around the world. And now I'd like to turn the call over to my colleague, Rob Davis.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay, Mark. And on business development, let me just be really clear. We are very committed to doing the right kind of deals to create value for our shareholders and that augment our pipeline with programs that, as Roger would say, provide an unambiguous promotable advantage. That's what we've been doing over the past couple of years. You've seen Idenix, Cubist, OncoEthix, cCAM Biotherapeutics, just to name a few. We're also today very confident that we have the right balance sheet to do whatever size deal we need to do, whether it's M&A or licensing. We've been very clear in the past that our preference is for bolt-on deals rather than the large consolidation-type mergers. But the fact of the matter is we will continue to pursue pipeline assets on a selective basis, meaning they have to be really important scientific breakthroughs and they also have to be capable of being acquired at a price that's valuable for our shareholders. And to your point, we have seen values go down over the last few weeks. And we're going to continue to look for those opportunities. So we are committed to it. Don't think if you haven't seen anything in the last couple of quarters that, that reflects any change whatsoever in our perspective.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Let me first remind everybody what I think is the most important thing, which is that we are, at Merck, entering a period of unprecedented advances in human biology, and we have immense opportunities to advance patient care as well as public health. Unfortunately, I think the current discussion around pricing fails to account for the fact this industry is hardly homogeneous. There are a lot of companies, as you know, that purchase drugs, many of them older drugs. They raise the prices to whatever they feel the market will bear while significantly reducing or eliminating investment in R&D. Merck has not been that kind of company. Obviously, we invest in R&D to bring forward important products like KEYTRUDA. But we've also tried to approach pricing from the perspective of value. And I recently had the opportunity to actually meet with the President of the United States in his office and we had this conversation. And I think there's a lot of rhetoric around the industry. As a leader of pharma, I try very hard to distinguish between the innovation-based companies that do take a value approach to pricing, and a few companies that I think are unrepresentative of the entire industry. If you don't see it in the newspapers, recognize that there's a little bit of a filter between what we say and what actually gets reported in the newspapers, but we're going to continue to make that point. And I have to say that I believe that while there's a lot of noise out there, my experience in Washington is that people do recognize that this industry is important, that these innovations are critical to society, that we, for example, need a disease-modifying agent for Alzheimer's. People see what these immuno-oncology drugs are doing and they know that, that's just the beginning of what we can do as an industry. So I think you have to separate a little bit of the rhetoric and the newspaper reports from the fact that I think there's a lot of rationality in public policy. And people recognize that this is an industry that contributes greatly to global society as one of the strongest industries in the U.S. economy.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So just in closing, this quarter saw very strong performance from key drugs like JANUVIA and KEYTRUDA. We are looking forward to launching in the hepatitis C space and the lung space, and we feel there's good momentum for the business. Take care. Thank you.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, so this is Adam, Chris. I'll start off by reviewing JANUVIA and I'll give some color on lung. But I'll also ask Roger to jump in on your SGLT2 question. If you look at JANUVIA, we continue to be pleased with the underlying demand in the U.S. where we're seeing about 4% TRx volume growth. And that's been consistent since before EMPA-REG and after EMPA-REG. And if you look at the most recent current week, it's just over 3% still. So we're seeing the underlying volume continue to be strong. If you look at what's occurring in the marketplace and you look at NBRx data, which is like real early data to try to understand the dynamics early in the marketplace, we see switching that's occurring within the SGLT2 class, but we do not see switching occurring across classes at this point in time. We believe that this market is very big. It requires multiple medications for people over time, and we believe that JANUVIA will maintain a very strong add-on position as we go into the future. So we remain optimistic about the promise of JANUVIA into the marketplace. We're not giving 2016 guidance today. As I look at managed care, those decisions have been made for 2016 and I'll say that our formulary position in 2016 remains strong and very similar to what it was in 2015.
Adam H. Schechter: And then, Chris, with regard to your question on lung for KEYTRUDA, so when we built the oncology business unit, we built it to maximize KEYTRUDA over the long term. And just like you saw, we were ready to launch melanoma, we were just as ready to launch lung. So we think that lung cancer's a very significant opportunity for KEYTRUDA and we think there is room for multiple products with KEYTRUDA and OPDIVO in that market. If you look, we're still early in the launch but we're encouraged by customer feedback and just days after the approval, we got to 100% of our top 150 accounts, and we had over 5,500 customer interactions. And we're confident that the uptake will be good over time as customers build in PD-L1 testing as a common practice. And I think that's probably what your question is getting to with PD-L1 testing versus not testing for lung. And what I'd like to say about that is as you think about diagnostic testing, it's very common today for lung cancer. It's become standard and widespread for HER2, ALK and EGFR. So we believe that it will be standard over time for PD-L1 and it's just going to take time for it to become standard. But our execution by our teams and the partners at Dako was very strong, along with our leading diagnostic centers. And we actually had the companion diagnostic available and accessible for patient sampling day one at the time of launch. So it allows the physicians to really have a different conversation with patients, depending on their PD-L1 expression. And I think that's important when you start to see the differences between low PD-L1 expressers and high PD-L1 expressers. It allows physicians to have better conversations. So as we've said before, this is going to play out over time. Lung is an important indication. We think there's room for multiple drugs. We think PD-L1 testing over time will become increasingly important. And we're confident about KEYTRUDA moving forward.
Adam H. Schechter: Hi, Tim. This is Adam. So I'll start with, obviously, the NCCN Guidelines were just updated. We received the information last Friday evening, and it's done by an outside agency with no input from us. And we did see that they recommended KEYTRUDA side-by-side with nivo as a preferred option in treatment of algorithm for second-line non-small lung. The updates are very recent. We expect that payers will take some time to interpret the guidelines on how they'll reimburse the use of KEYTRUDA. But anecdotally, when we talk to our customers, they are going to follow NCCN. They will not go outside of NCCN. So we think that this is positive. We also think the fact that we now have the new KEYNOTE-010 data will help us in the future as well, because these guidelines were issued Friday night before we even put the top line results out on Monday. So that's where we are with NCCN. What I'd like to do now is give you a sense of hepatitis C. And we know this market, and we know the players, and we know the managed care organizations very, very well. We have a very long legacy in HCV with interferon. And I think you saw our ability to execute with VICTRELIS. And we've had great success in the past. We expect to have success in the future. You see from the Phase 3 data, we believe we have an innovative, broadly competitive regimen, and there may be some advantages in some patient types, particularly CKD patients. And we believe that our data in cirrhotics is particularly strong. So I don't want to give specifics about pricing strategies and contracting strategies, as I'm sure the competition would love to know what we're thinking there. But what I would say to you is that we intend to be serious about coming into this market strong, and we think there's a real opportunity for us.
Adam H. Schechter: Okay. So let me give it a start, Mark. And I'll say with hepatitis C, I don't want to give specifics. But all I'll say is when you have what's perceived to be an inferior profile in the marketplace, as I think AbbVie's product was, you may have a different strategy when you have a product that you think is competitive in the marketplace. And we believe that we have a competitive profile to be able to be successful in the marketplace. With regard to biosimilar REMICADE, we're seeing most discounts of 30% to 45%. Maybe a little bit higher in some of the countries where there's been biosimilars for a longer period of time than in Core Europe. If you look at our market share, we have about a 90% market share as we go through the third quarter. That's down from about a 95% market share the prior quarter. And we believe that the pressure will continue because we've been able to hold on to a lot of the existing patients that are well-controlled and physicians don't want to switch. But we're starting to lose more and more new patients, and new patients, as you know, become more of a percent of the total as you go longer over time. So it would be a bit gradual, but it's going to continue to have impact. About 10% to 20% of the business per year is in new patients, just to give you a sense.
Adam H. Schechter: Sure, Marc. I'll cover the question on diabetes in Japan. Japan remains a very important market. In fact, if you look at DPP-4 inhibitors, it's one of the few markets in the world where DPP-4 inhibitors actually have more patient days of therapy than metformin does or (47:51). So it's always been a fast uptake market for DPP-4 use. And for JANUVIA we have a very high share. So the issue there is it's harder to grow because you can't take share away from (48:03) as much because you already have the leading product in the marketplace. We are launching our once-weekly and we think that could be a very important product. It's under two-week prescription limit right now, but that, over time, will be removed. And we think that, that will help us potentially expand the DPP-4 class even into earlier lines of treatment. Overall, it was down about 2% versus prior year in Japan, so it wasn't a significant decrease versus the prior year. And part of that is also customer timing.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, so I'll start off with the question on the testing. I think – right now, I think a lot of the PD-L1 testing, particularly outside of the large hospitals, institutions, will be done through the approved PD-L1 tests that are available. I do think even today some of the large institutions are doing their own PD-L1 testing. So I think, over time, it's very common for multiple tests to be available in the marketplace for various things like HER2 and so forth and I think that there'll be multiple different tests and the hospital and physicians will choose which ones they use in the future.
Adam H. Schechter: And, David, with regard to GARDASIL, we continue to work with our customers and the government in Japan. We are confident in the efficacy and the safety of the product. And we continue to have active discussions with them and provide them whatever data they would like to have.
Adam H. Schechter: So, John, this is Adam. And I want to make sure I'm really clear about JANUVIA. What I look at first is TRx volume growth. And in the United States, we saw 4% TRx volume growth. But we also saw timing of customer buying patterns that caused about $100 million of increased sales in this quarter, and those will come out in the fourth quarter or subsequent quarters. We had increased price last year in the third quarter. And we saw customers draw down their inventories. This year, in the third quarter, we did not increase price. So we saw inventory levels remain at higher levels. And JANUVIA is just a very big product. And a few days of inventory in one direction or another can impact reported sales significantly. So that's why you saw that difference of $100 million from – versus the prior year. And then with regard to – and by the way, there's no change in terms of accounting or the rebates or discounts. Those are all consistent. What you're seeing is this timing of when we took price last year versus this year. That's all. It's just, that's why I say to monitor the volume, and we're very pleased with the volume. We feel good about the volume going into fourth quarter and the volume going into 2016.
Roger M. Perlmutter, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah, and, Chris, it's Roger. With respect to the timing of SGLT2 results for ertugliflozin, as I indicated, all 11 of our studies are fully enrolled and data will begin to roll out from those studies in 2016. We do have a cardiovascular outcome study. Those studies obviously take a longer period of time. The expectation for those studies is that data will be available around the 2019 timeframe. But of course in light of the results that were obtained by Lilly, BI and the EMPA-REG study, as we look at those results, there's interest in asking the more explicit question of whether ertugliflozin has the same kinds of effects on cardiovascular mortality, which could result in a slight change in the way we conduct our outcome study. And we'll have more commentary on that later, we're reviewing those issues. But that's basically where we stand at this point.
Roger M. Perlmutter, M.D., Ph.D.: And just to emphasize what Adam said, there is no doubt that a PD-L1 expression, while an imperfect biomarker, does have predictive value in the lung cancer setting with respect to responses to anti-PD-1 therapy. And that has been observed. Although we've pioneered those studies, that's been observed by everyone who's looked at this kind of therapy.
Roger M. Perlmutter, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah, Jami, in light of the evacetrapib futility results, there will be a futility analysis incorporated into the interim analysis of anacetrapib, which will be conducted before the end of this year. And if – obviously, if we were to decide that – if our Steering Committee came back and said that it is futile, obviously, we will announce that. If they don't, then we will announce in the appropriate forum that the study is continuing. I wouldn't overinterpret that, though. I wouldn't look at that and say, oh, well, that means it must be working. What it means is it's not futile. It could work. And so it will be one or the other result. I think it is important to include – and I've made the point in talking with the Steering Committee members that it is important to include this kind of analysis, because we wouldn't want to be exposing people to the drug if there's no hope of showing a benefit.
Roger M. Perlmutter, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah, and, Alex, it's Roger. I assume you want clinical data for next generation immuno-oncology products and we have several. But, for example, we have an anti-GITR antibody, which is an agonist antibody immune manipulator. We also have the CEACAM antibody that we acquired. And both of those are in Phase 1 clinical studies, the GITR antibody also in combination with KEYTRUDA. So we'll have the opportunity to see those data in 2016.
Roger M. Perlmutter, M.D., Ph.D.: Right. So, Seamus, first of all, with respect to the insight agreement, we have the bulk of data from the combination of KEYTRUDA with their IDO1 inhibitor in melanoma. And based on those data, you'll have a chance to see some of those data at the Society for Immunotherapy and Cancer meeting, as I mentioned in November. Based on those data, we, together, wanted very much to proceed into a late development. And that's what we're going to do. The agreement that we announced is about that. But it doesn't preclude doing other kinds of studies. And indeed, we have ongoing studies looking at other tumor types. So we'll get more information about that, and that will be helpful. With respect to ertugliflozin, our SGLT-2 inhibitor program with Pfizer, again, all of the Phase 3 programs, all 11, are enrolled. Data will start rolling in. We'll have data in 2016. The filing will include the combination. It's not just by itself. And we do expect – we will decide on it, the filing, based, of course, on what the data looked like. But certainly we hope that if the data looked good, that we would be able to file the entire package in 2016. And then the last question was other indications for KEYTRUDA. And there again, we have registration-enabling studies going on in more than 10 different tumor types. And an awful lot of new data become available actually on an almost weekly basis because we have so many different studies going on. But I would highlight to you that we have a lot of good data already in head and neck cancer, in bladder cancer. We're developing the drug in triple negative breast cancer. We're dropping the drug in classical Hodgkin's lymphoma, esophageal cancer, gastric cancer, as I mentioned. So as you could see, there's a lot going on. And where we see opportunities to pursue an accelerated approval pathway, we're certainly interested in that. But we're also, of course, doing more conventional studies, including studies in which we're looking at the question of whether or not we can identify biomarkers like micro-satellite instability that permit us to gain access to and bring benefit to an awful lot more patients with other tumors. So it's a broad portfolio.
Roger M. Perlmutter, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah, so, David, with respect to anacetrapib, the critical issue was to change the primary endpoint of the REVEAL study to include ischemic stroke as a component of the composite endpoint rather than revascularization, because ischemic stroke is both a more explicit endpoint to test, and in addition, is something that we know from the IMPROVE-IT study was associated with cholesterol reduction. Regulatory agencies were not comfortable with the idea of changing the primary end point, perhaps not surprisingly. While it is at the sponsors' discretion to do those kinds of things, I think the feeling after the discussions on the part of the steering committee was that, that wouldn't be the way to go forward and we would stick with the primary endpoint as originally constituted. So that program moves forward. And with respect to the base program, we have completed enrollment in the mild to moderate study. I should – I would expect that study to proceed to completion. So you can anticipate that, that study will proceed to completion. We would hope to have data available in the 2017 timeframe.
Roger M. Perlmutter, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah, John, with respect to ertugliflozin, what I've said from the very beginning is when we partnered with Pfizer on the drug, this is a drug that has extremely good pharmaceutical properties, and hence, it can be paired easily. It plays nicely with others. And so the most important attribute of the drug is our ability to formulate it together with JANUVIA and develop it in that context. With respect to the outcome studies, the data that are available from EMPA-REG obviously influence the way we think about those outcome studies. And so we're looking at that carefully to ask the question, what do we need to do to ensure the outcome study provides a satisfactory test of whether ertugliflozin also reduces cardiovascular mortality in the way that was seen in EMPA-REG.
