Roger Perlmutter: Thanks, Ken, I feel very, very privileged to have the opportunity to lead the Merck Research Laboratories. As many of you know, this is a true homecoming for me since I was responsible for basic research and early clinical development at MRL about 15 years ago. I spent the last two weeks familiarizing myself with the current state of the laboratories and with our most critical projects As Ken mentioned, both SUVOREXANT, our dual orexin receptor antagonist and SUGAMMADEX, our modified cyclodextrin that permits rapid reversal of neuromuscular blockade during surgery are currently under regulatory review. We are looking forward to having more detailed discussions with the FDA on these agents. Last week, we announced that the FDA had granted breakthrough status to LAMBROLIZUMAB, also known as MK-3475, which is our investigational PD1 specific monoclonal antibody for the treatment of advanced malignancy. As you are aware, a 510 patient Phase 2 study of this agent in malignant melanoma is currently underway. We will be presenting more mature data from our Phase 1B study in the same indication as the American study for clinical oncology meetings in early June which will demonstrate why were so enthusiastic about this new approach for treating a variety of otherwise devastating malignancies. I have also had a chance to review the Odanacatib program. Last year, an independent data monitoring committee recommended that our pivotal study be closed for robust efficacy and a favorable benefit risk profile, while noting that safety issues remained in certain selected areas. The DMC recommended continuing the previously defined extension study in a blinded format to collect important safety and efficacy data. That extension study is proceeding at pace. We have a good plan in place and hope to accrue the necessary data and allow for a 2014 filing as previously discussed. Finally just two days ago we announced the worldwide collaboration agreement with Pfizer to develop and commercialize their investigational SGLT2 inhibitor, ERTUGLIFLOZIN, for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes. This partnership builds on our very significant expertise in diabetes and will permit the exploration of a potent and selective SGLT2 inhibitor both as a stand-alone intervention and in combination with other agents, including, of course JANUVIA. There is more work ahead over the next three to six months, if I continue assessing the labs and our pipeline. Though it is too early for me go into details about my views about specific programs or what changes I see ahead for Merck research, suffice it say that when the time is right, I will have more to say on all of these topics. Meanwhile, know that I am excited to be back at Merck and delighted to be working with the gifted scientific team at MRL in addressing the needs of patients around the world.
Roger Perlmutter: Maybe you could give me the first question on PD1 again, because unfortunately we can't hear you very well, so go ahead. Marc? Would you mind repeating your question on melanoma, on PD1? We lost him.
Roger Perlmutter: Again, as I indicated, we are going to have the opportunity to review in detail the Phase 1b data at ASCO. And in addition, we have an ongoing Phase II study in malignant melanoma and as everyone knows we do have breakthrough designation from FDA as we recently announced. We have the belief that the drug may have potential and a variety of other indications. We have been conducting a Phase 1 study in which we are looking at a variety of other malignancies. And using those data, we will be able to target the appropriate patients and really ascertain whether or not the drug can make a big difference for patients with malignant disease. Your second question related to the tempo of beta from the odanacatib study. And as I indicated, the Data Monitoring Committee had requested that we continue this blinded study in order to obtain additional data on efficacy and safety. We are doing that. We have a good plan in place. And as these data become available for review, we will as soon as we can, let you know what our plans are but we have to wait and see the data.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes, Jami, with respect to the implications of breakthrough designation, this is a new program, as you know, from the FDA. The agency is eager to work closely with sponsors when they identify product candidates that potentially could have a large impact in treating grievous illness. We found already that there have been lots of productive interactions with the agency in terms of design of our program. We are moving forward quite aggressively and that we really believe this can have a big impact and we are delighted to be able to work closely with them.
Roger Perlmutter: So, it won't surprise anyone on this call that you are bringing a new guy and a fresh pair of eyes that there are going to be some changes to take place and Ken would not have wanted me to come here and assure that everything is going to be exactly as it was before. I am doing a very detailed review of programs, of process and people and already two weeks in, I can say there is some opportunities for acceleration and for productivity enhancement and you can be confident that I am going to address all of those and we will have a chance to talk about them in much more detail, going forward. With respect to the PD1 breakthrough designation, its all about the data and you have seen the data that was announced early on. There will be more of it at ASCO. Those are the data really that persuaded the agency that this was something important to pursue.
Roger Perlmutter: Well, before Peter gets into more details. I think our approach to capital deployment is to try to figure out after doing a rigorous analysis, how we can create the more shareholder value. And, I'll turn it over to Peter to give him an opportunity to speak today, but that's what the real key here is, driving the most shareholder value.
Roger Perlmutter: Mark, thanks for your comments. With respect to PD1, again its too early to really be just talking about regulatory strategy. You are right that we have an ongoing Phase 2 study. Its relatively early days for this 510 patients studied in malignant melanoma. Everything will depend on the data. As you know in oncology, there are a variety of mechanisms that permit a relatively early entry. If the data are especially strong, you can be confident that we will pursue all of those possibilities through our discussions with the agency.
Roger Perlmutter: So this question on PD-1, again, we will have an opportunity to present in more detail the safety analysis from the Phase 1b study at ASCO and you will be able to see that. Not surprisingly, in these very seriously ill patients, there are variety of signals that one sees, but it's too early to know what to attribute those things or if they will begin to talk about class effects. At the moment, I would just reiterate that we are very encouraged by what we see in terms of the benefit risk profile at a very early stage in the development of this new intervention for cancer.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes. Specifically with respect to the pneumonitis issue, again, I caution everyone that it is too early in these studies to understand what is truly class based but it is the case that there has been pneumonitis reported. We can't compare the frequency of those events across studies, but we would say, the majority of events that we have seen with MK-3475 are grade 1, 2, and we have not had any reported fatalities to-date, so that's what we know at this time but as I say early days.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes. David, thank you. My response to the question about the sufficiency of the pipeline is always the same. In my view, I always want more. It's never good enough. I want more products and I want those products to be the very best possible and I'm actually not so concerned about where they come from. Let's be clear that no matter how good your research organization is and we are very, very good. The majority of great research is being done elsewhere. It has to be true, because of the sheer bulk of research organizations around the world, and I've worked with a lot of those people and they are terrific. So, I'm eager to take advantage of their programs and bring them in-house where that make sense where it complements our expertise and we will do that and we will also accelerate the process of bringing forward products internally. I hope that's helpful. With respect to additional tumor types. Yes, we do have a multi-arm study in our Phase 1 program. We are looking at a variety of potential indications. The opportunity for an anti PD-1 agent, our anti PD-1 agent, we believe is really quite broad. But the data at this point, it's too early to present the data. Our Phase 1b study in non-small cell lung cancer is ongoing. It's a little bit a function of pace and approval and how long it takes. So I don't want to promise you when exactly the data will be presented but, suffice it to say, we are working assiduously to bring this program forward.
Roger Perlmutter: Okay, and with respect to FOSAMAX versus odanacatib, just a few things. You are right, of course, that FOSAMAX was deeper involved in alendronate program here. When I was at Merck previously, I also supervised the Cat-K program which led to odanacatib. So it was nice to be there at the beginning and now I get to be here as we carry it over the finish line too. In addition, of course, I have had experience with other antiresorptive agents and most particularly denosumab at Amgen as well as anabolic agents. So I have some background in the area. You can't compare different classes of antiresorptive agents. The important thing to recognize is that there is great need in the osteoporosis population. There is great need for new agents that reduce fracture risk. What we have heard from our data-monitoring committee is that odanacatib has robust efficacy. That's very important. We have an ongoing Phase 3 blinded study, which the data monitoring committee has looked at. They have said they want us to continue that study on blind to look at additional safety and efficacy data and we are doing that. We know from prior studies that odanacatib compares very favorably in terms of its ability to build bone mineral density and to continue to build bone mineral density over time. Other things will clearly distinguish odanacatib from bisphosphonate antiresorptive agents and the need is very, very large. So I am encouraged by this and I am eager to see what the data looks like when we are finally able to get a complete unblinding of the study.
Roger Perlmutter: Yeah. There's no problem with our internal program. We do have a very satisfactory program, but on the other hand the opportunity to collaborate with Bristol is a good one. We clearly wanted to do that. I should just say also with respect to the SGLT2, now I looked to detail at the materials, of course from Pfizer before we went forward with that deal, and their molecule that we are pleased to be collaborating on has varying desirable properties and extremely strong Phase II profile, so there is reason to want to go forward with a leading molecule like that in developing combinations.
Roger Perlmutter: So just, again, with respect to our collaboration with Pfizer. The importance of combination therapy just can't be overemphasized. Again to have a compound that, based on what we can see plays nicely with others, that's really important. It provides us with big advantage. Going forward, we have a number of programs that we are going to be talking about. Of course, we spend a lot of time on the call talking about 3475, our anti-PD-1 antibody and there will be a lot of data coming out with respect to that. We will also have the opportunity to talk about other biologicals, particularly in the anti-inflammatory space. So there is additional data that will become available from MK-3222, our anti IL-23 antibody. We are going to have the opportunity to do some discussion of our base inhibitor program. As everyone is aware, the impact of Alzheimer's diseases is very profound and we have a leading program for the leading hypothesis with respect to the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease. Safety analysis data will become available as part of our very large study in patients with mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's disease. We also will have a lot of data in the HCV programs, some of which has been touched upon during our call today. That's just a beginning because, of course, we are very active in a lot of different fields.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to immunoregulatory molecules, the answer is yes. We have a broad effort looking at immunoregulation. I think others have probably heard me speak about this before, but there is no more effective method of killing cancer cells than by harnessing cytotoxic T-cells period. It's just very difficult for tumor cells to escape that kind of attack and that's such a profound observation that it has catalyzed our work, of course the work of others too, but our work in particular, and we will have a lot more to say about that going forward.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes. With respect to key decisions on the pipeline, this is going to be a rolling process of course. MRL is a large and complex organization and we have an awful lot of programs to review, but you can anticipate that  I'm not going to take forever here, so within the next three to six months we are going to roll out a number of different, I think, approaches to the variety of very, very important the medical objectives that we are pursuing. Also, with respect to the biosimilar issue that you called out in particular, I'm very pleased with the deal that we have made with Samsung, I know that team well. I had the opportunity to speak with them previously. I know what their capabilities are like and what they have invested behind it. I think it will give us commercial access globally to a large slate of biosimilar products that we will be able to take advantage of.
Kenneth Frazier: Thank you, Roger. In terms of R&D, as you can hear, we remain committed to accessing the best opportunities whether they are internal or external. And this year we have already entered into a number of new licensing agreements. In addition to the diabetes partnership with Pfizer that Roger just mentioned, last week we announced the Hepatitis C agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb to study MK-5172 in an all oral combination with Bristol's NS5A inhibitor in a Phase 2 study. In February, we announced an agreement with Samsung which provides Merck's global commercial presence with the development and manufacturing capabilities of Samsung to increase access to biosimilars. In closing, our top line performance for the quarter reflected both the challenges facing Merck and the benefits of our broad diversity across businesses, products and geographies. While we are not satisfied with our first quarter top line result, they are also not indicative of the future opportunities for our business. Despite the continuing economic pressures and the need to manage through patent expiries we are committed to driving better top line performance with key growth products such as JANUVIA in key geographies, advancing and augmenting our pipeline, and taking out costs through continuous productivity improvements. By doing these things well, we will continue to generate steady cash flow and drive shareholder return over the longer term. I would like to now turn the call over to my colleague, Adam Schechter.
Kenneth Frazier: So, Dave, let me start by saying, I'm also pleased that Dr. Perlmutter has rejoined us. What's important for us going forward, if we got to be successful in our strategies, we have to have the best medically important products available whether they are internal or external. You saw this quarter that we did some deals showing that we really are very much focused on what's going on in the outside world and so I've not tried to be prescriptive to Dr. Perlmutter. I think it's all about the products. It's all about making sure that we have the right products and sufficient numbers over period of time and make sure that we have the ability to grow this company, and to meet the needs of patients around the world. I'll turn it over to Roger to see if he has any other comment.
Kenneth Frazier: Okay, let me just start to try to answer your questions about the factors there and the primary drivers that drove the change in the EPS guidance. I think the factors are the following. So let's just go back. We started at $3.60 to $3.70. I said when we set that target that we were going to try to set an ambitious target. Given that we were going through these patent expiries in last year, it was $3.82. So the original guidance $3.60 to $3.70. Venezuela knocked off $0.07, the additional FX pressures on our top line that we have seen since February we last talked about our guidance are another $0.10. We also had some tax pressures that constitute about $0.05. As we look at the new R&D spend, that's about $0.05 and the product trends that Adam referred to about $0.06. So that all adds up to approximately $0.33 of pressure, of which, I would say, $0.22, I would characterize as non-operational and operational items are about $0.11. We are able to offset over half of those pressures with operational cost reductions versus our prior plans. So, we are able to offset a huge amount of that by cost cutting. Again more than half. By my calculation around $0.18 but we still have with Venezuela and FX, those are still pretty significant drivers. That was what have led, among other things I was saying, at this point, we think it's prudent for us to take down our guidance.
Kenneth Frazier: Let me start on the share repurchase question. So, no. There is no connection to what happened in this quarter. There are no specific triggers for the program. Our board approved the $15 billion share repurchase program, because after rigorous analysis of our capital structure and liquidity, the interest rate environment, we thought it was a good way to return additional cash to shareholders while maintaining our capital structure objectives, so if anything it just reflects our longer term confidence in our future.
Kenneth Frazier: Yes. So, Gregg, so I think you've outlined what we said the most important issues that we are facing right now and the patent expiries, you learn as you see them come. We haven't seen such rapid loss at the rate of loss that we have seen with the product like SINGULAIR in the U.S. I mentioned it in the fourth quarter, but even in the first quarter of this year, you saw we had $1 million of sales of SINGULAIR in the United Sates. So, we learned from that, we understand that as we model for the future and think about the future obviously. Hepatitis C frankly, it dependent on what the data was going to look like from the all oral therapies, so it was very difficult to predict what that data would look like and therefore what the response would be in terms of the physicians and warehousing. So, that's something we have to watch closely, and as more data becomes available on all oral therapies, we will certainly learn a lot more and then I mentioned as before the JANUVIA impact I have tried to give you guidance for what we see in terms of mid-single-digit growth in the U.S. as we go through this year, and low double-digit growth outside the U.S, so we tried to provide you as much information about what we know as short-term and as we look out into future.
Kenneth Frazier: Well, first of all I thank you all for hanging in there for an extended call. Just to wrap up, I will make three points. First of all, we knew that 2013 would be challenging but we are confident about the future and we believe the second half of this year will be a better indicator of the strength of our business. Second, we are managing our cost base and taking actions to strengthen our overall organizational capabilities including as Roger said several times in R&D that will allow Merck to be more successful and what will be the future healthcare environment. Finally, as I always say we are committed to creating shareholder value in the short-term and in the longer-term. So, thank you very much for your attention and staying a little bit longer, we look forward to speaking with you in the future. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: I think the question what's the status of the PD1 program, what are we thinking about other indications.
Adam Schechter: So, Chris, let me give you some additional thoughts on JANUVIA. I want to first start off by saying, we remain confident that the growth opportunities for JANUVIA and for the DPPIV class moving forward. The opportunities are that diabetes prevalence is growing, so sulfonylureas still represent a huge amount of patient days of therapy about 35% of patient days of therapy and we have been successful in some markets where in Japan for example, DPIV now represent more patient days of therapy than the sulfonylureas do. We have to continue to talk with physicians and show them the benefits that you can get by adding JANUVIA to metformin. And, I think with the additional dedicated resources that we are putting behind JANUVIA in countries like the United States, where we now have full time dedicated people in discussion with physicians that will give us some additional momentum. I also want to give you a little bit more perspective on what has occurred and what we see as we move forward, and I'll go back to demand and I'll give you a little bit more color on demand. So, if you look at IMS data, you can see about 4% growth, but if you prior to the TZD events, you can see JANUVIA volume growth was in the single digits. It was somewhere between 8%, 9%. When the TZD opportunity occurred, we increased our resources, we focused on the opportunity and we saw a growth between 11% and 16%, so we saw a very big acceleration. There is very difficult to compare now to back then when this acceleration was occurring, so we believe that there is room for us to continue to grow. And as we get through this summer when the acceleration started to go away, we'll start to see better comparisons year-over-year in terms of Rx growth. In terms of price, we have increased our price consistent with the market but rebates and discounts have increased, because the new competitors are seeking to try to improve formulary positions by lowering price offering or rebates. So, our discounts have gone up since last year, but we managed them closely and we managed them to maximize access. The good news is, we have very strong managed care access with about 85% preferred formulary status. And if you look at our share in the U.S, we still have about a 75% share despite all the competition. Then the last thing which I mentioned before, our customers did reduce inventory levels in the U.S. by about $70 million through the JANUVIA franchise in the first quarter. This is the lowest days of supplies that they've been running for about two years. So, if you excluded that we would have seen sales growth about 5% in United States. Outside the U.S., the underlying growth remains in a low double-digits and that's what leads us to feel confident that we anticipate mid-single-digit growth in the United States and we expect this return to low double-digit growth outside the U.S. so we believe that there is opportunity for JANUVIA moving forward.
Adam Schechter: So thanks Mark for the question and with regard to JANUVIA, we believe there is $70 million inventory reduction in United States. We based it upon days of supply on hand that we received data on. I think what happened was with the very strong acceleration that we saw with the TZD volume, wholesalers are buying in based upon that volume growth. Now that we have seen less of a volume growth, they have taken the inventory down to manageable level. So they are at levels where they can consistently supply to the market but there are days of supply that are lower than they have been before. So we don’t expect them to go lower but I would not necessarily expect a bump up in the future. What we expect is mid single-digit sales growth in the U.S. and that’s reflective of the current RX trends and the current marketplace competition. Outside its low double-digit growth, and that is really what we are seeing with underlying demand and growth for the first quarter.
Adam Schechter: Okay. Let's start with your first question. So, let me give you some background on the SGLT2, and the first U.S. launch was less than a month ago, so still pretty early. In Europe, it was in late 2012, so it's early but we have some data on that. We've done some market research in Europe. And what we see there is, in most cases the SGLT2 class is being used by specialist after DPPIV class. Diabetes is a progressive disease, most of the patients are on more than one prescription over time. The physicians typically begin treatment with metformin and then they add on therapies until the patient ultimately gets to insulin. So, we believe there is room for another class, however we believe the SGLT2s will be used as an oral option after the DPPIVs. We believe that JANUVIA will continue to be the preferred choice as an add-on to metformin, because of the efficacy profile, the proven tolerability and the five years of experience that physicians have with the product already, but we are very pleased to be collaborating with Pfizer. We think that there is room to commercializing SGLT2 inhibitor and we are excited about the potential combination because after utilizing JANUVIA a nice combination with a high quality SGLT2, we think will be a very attractive option for physicians when they want to continue to use oral therapies prior to insulins.
Adam Schechter: With regard to revenue, there are three pressures that I think are important. The first one is, if you look at the patent expiries, the rate and the magnitude of decline from the products that we mentioned such as SINGULAIR. MAXALT, CLARINEX and PROPECIA, is very strong and it's even stronger than what one would anticipate if you looked at prior patent expiry, so we are seeing a more rapid deeper loss on the patent expiry products and it's in the United States, but you are also seeing significant generic erosion in countries like Japan to a level that is stronger than what we have seen before for patent expires. The second pressure is Hepatitis C, where we are seeing very significant warehousing in countries like the United States, and Germany and France, where physicians are really starting to significant warehousing which is in addition to the fact that there are lot of clinical trials that are underway that are taking up a lot of available patients into the clinical trial, and the third that we remain confident that there is growth opportunities for JANUVIA. There still is pressure on JANUVIA as I've outlined before, so those are the three areas, where we see increased pressure as we look at 2013.
Adam Schechter: So I would start with the SGLT2 class and working with Pfizer and their compound. We are excited about that opportunity. As I mentioned, we see SGLT2 as a potentially important class that will be utilized in oral diabetic agent after DPPIV in particular after JANUVIA. We think having a combination with the market leader JANUVIA will represent a very significant opportunity. So, it's early to see the exact data from the product as a monotherapy. Although as Roger said, we are excited about the initial Phase 2 data, but we think the combination also represents a very significant opportunity because of the success of JANUVIA in the marketplace.
Adam Schechter: Yes, absolutely. So our goal is to maximize each and every growth opportunity that we have on our most important growth products and our most important growth markets. We really do invest our SG&A to go after the opportunities that exist before us. JANUVIA obviously is extremely important product for us. We think there is significant opportunity with diabetes prevalence and we are going to invest in order to make sure that as many patients that can benefit from the product have access to the product. So, we are committed to investing behind that product, not at the expense of other growth opportunities but in addition to other growth opportunities. Part of the increased resources is actually an increased level of focus. So, we actually have more dedicated people in order to maximize the opportunities for each of the classes. So in the United States, for example, we have many more people that are fully dedicated to our diabetes franchise where before they might have had part of their time on diabetes and part of their time on cardiovascular, we have now made sure we have more dedicated people to each of the growth opportunities before us. So I think it's an increased level of focus as much as anything else.
