Robert Davis: Thanks, Peter. Good morning, and thank you for joining today's call. I'm proud to report that the business continues to perform extremely well. We remain firmly guided by our strategic priorities to bid long-term growth and deliver value to patients and shareholders. We're executing on the opportunities in front of us today, while simultaneously making the necessary investments to sustain our success long into the future. I'm pleased to report that during the second quarter, we achieved robust top and bottom line growth and made additional important clinical advancements in our pipeline.  Turning first to our results. We again achieved exceptional performance this quarter led by strong growth of key products, including KEYTRUDA, GARDASIL and BRIDION. Our results rated by revenue from LAGEVRIO, which is helping to in fighting COVID-19. We're confident in the underlying demand for our innovative portfolio as we continue to see momentum in our business, which we are pleased to reflect our updated guidance.  Moving to research organization. We continue to advance our pipeline most significantly across our suite of pneumococcal vaccines. VAXNEUVANCE received an expanded approval from the FDA for pediatric case, providing an important option for sort in prevention invasive in pneumococcal disease.  We also presented by the results from clinical studies of V116, our vaccine, designed specifically to address remaining of in adults, and we've initiated difficult phase III studies. These milestones reinforce the confidence we have in our population specific approach to address the needs of children and adults.  We've also taken additional taste understand the significant opportunities we see in the pipeline. In June, we hosted an investor event at ASCO. We highlighted the depth and breadth of our oncology program. At the event, we reiterated our ambition to become the leading oncology company by 2025 and our goal of sustaining this success well into the next decade.  As I reflect on my first year as CEO, I'm pretty pleased by the significant progress we've made in advancing worth position as a global pharmaceutical leader and the interim momentum starting across our business. The unwavering focused indication of our employees worldwide is driving strong execution on significant opportunity in front of us. We're demonstrating impressive resilience across all aspects of our business in a every challenging global environment. We're achieving market levels of production in our manufacturing operations, delivering exceptionally strong revenue growth, making meaningful bands in our pipeline and taking important steps to expand our outlook. Our strategy is working and our future is bright. I was very confident a year ago, and I'm even more confident today that we are well positioned to achieve our near and long-term goals, anchored by our commitment to deliver important medicines and vaccines to patients and value to all of our stakeholders, including shareholders.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Caroline.
Robert Davis: Yes. Evan, thanks for the question. This is Rob. As you said, there is reports out really just came out yesterday of a potential deal with the Senator and in that is elements of what have been part of the build back better plan related to drug pricing. So as we look at that, I think it's important to understand, first and foremost, we do have significant concern on one very important element of the provision, which is the fact that there is what we see as price setting, it's termed in negotiation. But in effect, what it is, it is price setting on drugs after a period of time. And we do believe that will be highly chilling on future innovation because, especially if you think about an area like oncology, oncology is an area that the development of the drug continues long after the first approval. If you take KEYTRUDA, the launch in 2014 between 2014 and 2022, we had something like 30-plus indications approved. We expect to have well more than double that between 2022 and 2028. And our concern is that if you start to have the threat of discounts, mandatory discounts that could cause companies to question that innovation because you'll have to question whether or not you're going to see the return.  So we see a higher chilling effect of that, and it's something that we will continue both at and as the industry to make sure that we communicate our concerns there.  And the only other thing I might add is, as you think about how we think about this to our business going forward. It's important to understand that as we look at this, while obviously, it will have an impact, importantly, as we've planned for the future of the business, we have always assumed some form of price pressure coming, including in the United States. I think we've communicated that in the past. So as we look at this, and you think of a relative to the guidance we've given in the past of expectations for strong growth through our long-range period. That continues and includes the assumptions around this. So while I think we will manage it, I do worry about what it will do to innovation in the industry.
Robert Davis: Yes. I appreciate the questions. And on your first question around the M&A space and what we see in the oncology field. No, I would just start by saying, obviously, we are very proud of the success we've had with KEYTRUDA and the fact that it's been able to impact so many people's lives, as you say, across so many different tumor types. But I think it's important to understand that oncology continues to be an incredibly competitive field, and importantly, it's not monolithic. You have to look tumor by tumor and even modalities, whether it's I/O or targeted therapy. So there are multiple different approaches, multiple modalities and it is a very tumor specific. And as you know, we have to develop these drugs indication by indication of investing in the science to bring each of those forward.  And in that regard, as we look at it and as we thought about it, we continue to believe that while the environment is more complex. And obviously, we'll have to be very thoughtful on how we navigate it I believe, we believe, as long as we are doing deals that are science-driven, where we accelerate innovation, and we can show that we can expand access to patients around the world and in the United States to medicines that there are still deals to be done and that there's a path to move forward.  And so that's very much where we're focusing and why we continue to believe the opportunity exists to continue to expand treatments for patients and and for the benefit of, frankly, all stakeholders, including shareholders.  On your second question, and I think it depends on the way you look at it. as far as the upcoming regulation. Obviously, if you look across what is being proposed, if you're speaking specifically to the potential for mandatory price discounting at some point. Obviously, the language has to be finalized. But if you look at where it is today, the way it is being proposed is that for a period of time after a drug is approved during its period of exclusivity for -- right now, it's roughly 7 years for negotiation for slow molecules, 11 years for large molecules, you were able to operate with no discount.  At that period of time, there would be a discussion and opportunity for HSS to select the drug depending on their determination of which drugs to look at. Right now is the language as discussed, we'll pick 10 drugs a year and up to the HSS to determine which drug they pick. But importantly, then the negotiation itself once it is done and the discount is determined and that discount is outlined in the legislation would take effect at year 9 for a small molecule year for a large molecule. So as you think of something like KEYTRUDA, we're really talking about periods of time that are out around the time of loss of exclusivity in 2028. And obviously, there's other language that's being proposed potentially to allow for an exception if there are biosimilar products in development coming that then you would not be subject to it.  So the reality of it is it's unclear what the impact will be in the short term, we don't see impacts from that specific part of the regulation. It will be longer term as it relates to our important drugs, KEYTRUDA and GARDASIL. And then obviously, we have to see how the final language comes out. But in the language or then the specified discounts that will be set. So it's not reference price in the way they're setting it up right now. And then obviously, beyond that, there is what they have around the Part B reforms, which actually we support because we believe that will reduce the out-of-pocket costs for patients at the counter, but our -- the reason we continue to oppose the overall legislation is a strong belief that, that focus on mandatory discounts after a period of time as chilling innovation. So I'm not sure I got your question, but I think that's what you were trying to get at.
Robert Davis: Yes. Thanks, Seamus, for the question. Obviously, business development remains a priority for us, as we've discussed. And importantly, we look to add wherever we can find the best science and innovations that enhance our pipeline and drive long-term growth and value for shareholders. I don't want to speculate on specific future transactions or the specific combination of cash or equity we would use because it really would be fact specific to the deal at hand. And so in that sense, I think we'd have to wait. The broader point, I think, that I want to enforce and we've said consistently is we have the capital and the balance sheet strength to go after anything that we feel is strategically important that brings that scientific innovation that I mentioned that will allow us to continue to augment what we have in our own internal pipeline. So we have the capacity and the flexibility to structure it, how we see best to optimize the business, how you do that between cash, debt and equity is really deal-specific.
Robert Davis: Yes. I might just add to that. If you look at it as we think about the future commercially, we see a real opportunity when you think about this bespoke approach where you have actions that we think will be highly effective in combating the serotypes that cause disease in infants and children as our pediatric approach. And then you have a separate approach with V116 aimed at the adult market. We will go after 85% of the residual disease, understanding that if you've treated it in children, you obviously have a different set of serotypes that are driving it in adults. And we are focusing on both of those as bespoke therapies aimed to what is most aligned with the needs in those populations. I think this will be highly effective and will allow us to be very competitive, in fact, cover more than what the competitor products cover in the disease-causing serotypes than you see today either in what they have in both the pediatric and adult market.  So I think this is something we're very excited about. And in fact, we see V116 as really fruition -- a strategy. So we're excited about it. and we're going to drive it with speed because I do think this is going to be an area where we can definitely be highly competitive and successful.
Robert Davis: Yes. Well, I'd just like to thank everyone for joining us today, and maybe I'll just conclude by reiterating my appreciation for the tremendous efforts of the Merck team and really, we're continuing to perform exceedingly well in a tough environment to advance our science and ensure our important medicines and vaccines reach the patients around the world that are counting on us.  So I appreciate that, and I can tell you, I remain very confident in our underwriting momentum, and I look forward to continuing to give you updates on our progress as we move forward. With that, have a great day.
Dean Li: I guess I will take this. This is Dean. In relationship to different routes of administration, I think you've highlighted that, especially as we go into early stages of cancer, there will be a demand, demand by the patients and the providers to really come up with other formulations besides intravenous formulations where you have to go to an infusion center. So subcutaneous pembrolizumab could be very important to serve that need. And the innovation required for subcutaneous KEYTRUDA is viewed through the past history, and I would imagine the current situation is novel, useful and nonobvious. So I think there is a path to think about how to think about that innovation.  In relationship to co-formulations. In general, co-formulations work well with, for example, when we do IO-IO with PD-1 that CTLA-4 TIGIT or LAG-3. The issue with chemo-based or antibody drug conjugate basis, I would be a little bit hesitant to do that. Oftentimes, they're based on weight base, and so I think that coal formulations of, for example, any IO agent with any chemotherapy or antibody drug conjugates could be challenging to take that clinically.
Dean Li: So this is Dean. Thank you very much for those questions. tackle your first question related to our recently announced partnership with Kelyn. I should just emphasize this was recently announced, but we've had a productive, a really productive partnership for the past 2 years. And most recently, they have announced progress in 2 programs. One that they've declared, which relates to Trop-2 ADCs, and they're advancing it in China in relationship with breast cancer and non-small cell lung cancer.  In relationship to what you've said in moving those molecules for example, in the United States, I think the FDA and we support this. The FDA has been very clear of the importance of doing those trials, not in a single geography such as China, but to have global studies that include the United States. And so the ability for our partners to give us a signal in a human population is really important and allows us to navigate how to think about it at a global level. And so we are hopeful that this partnership will allow us to accelerate the benefits of this stroke to ADC to as many patients as possible.  To your second question in relationship with [indiscernible]. As you've noticed, is our nRTTI. It's extremely potent that has a resident time and tissue has a high barrier to resistance. And we had 2 Phase III studies that have excellent results. Nevertheless, we also had reduction in lymphocytes across a number of our programs, most of it a symptomatic, but in a combo trial with MK-8507, there was clinically meaningful reduction that's still dependent. We have spent the last 6 months understanding that. We understand it far better. We believe that there is a potential path forward to maintain and to have that efficacy and also reduce the effects on the blood cells. We are in active discussions with the FDA. So I don't want to get ahead of myself there, and we clearly have active discussions with our partners.  In relationship to the question of treatment and PREP, I just want to make sure that everyone recognizes we have always thought that this class of molecules NRTTI and islatravir is just 1 compound within this class could be broadly used in treatment and in PrEP, and we are interested in applying both of those -- advancing both of those possibilities, but we are in the midst of discussions with the FDA that I think we should provide them the data that they will need.
Dean Li: All right. I'll take both of them, I'll take the Keynote-412. So you're speaking about the -- us trying to go into early stage at a neck and you're speaking about the -412, as you've emphasized, there was improvement in event-free survival who patients who received the KEYTRUDA regimen compared to the placebo plus DRT.  However, these results did not meet statistical significance based on our statistical plan. So there's clearly a positive signal, but it did cross the line. In relationship to -- how to think about CRT or radiation and other indications in this. I would not say that it gives you extra complication. We'll have to see in these other trials when -- not just us but other people in relationship to the combination there.  But I would just emphasize that it was an improvement in EFS. So I wouldn't say that it was a complicating issue for us. We just did need statistical significance.  I do want to make sure that everyone recognizes that this isn't our only foray into a neck early stage. We have a KEYNOTE-689 that's also in the neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment as well. So we're cautiously optimistic that we can break in into early stage at a neck despite the fact that KEYNOTE-412, it had a positive EFS did not lead to statistical significance.  In relationship to the pandemic, I need to be a little bit careful because everyone who's predicted what will happen with the pandemic have all had one common thread. They've all been not so right. And so we'll have to see what happens with the pandemic. We'll have to see what the emergence of resistance is, but I would emphasize the importance of having multiple mechanisms of action is clear. I would just emphasize that it is quite surprising to me how quickly this virus can mutate around those therapies, for example, focused on this like protein. That's actually it takes many amino-acid changes to do it. And it might take very few amino acids changes to get resistance to, for example, other therapies, but we'll have to see what it is. But I just want to also emphasize that, especially outside of the United States, there's been a great use of it and uptake, and it's really based on the fact that if you have a patient population where you believe that they're extremely vulnerable and you can give this drug and you're most interested in reducing mortality, which this drug has an impressive impact on mortality and you want speed such that you can really see the patient and who may be on multiple medicines, have other complicating medical issues and feel free that you can give this, if those are the important sort of attributes then we have found that LAGEVRIO does quite well and the real-world evidence throughout the world has begun to substantiate.
Dean Li: Yes. So I'll -- this is Dean. I'll take the KEYNOTE-091 that's the lung adjuvant. And just to remind everyone, that had dual primary endpoints. And the reason I want to emphasize that is a dual primary means that if you hit on one of the endpoints, you have a positive trial. And this is a distinction from those trials that are co-primary where you have to hit on both. So this is a positive trial because in the disease-free survival, it's positive in all comers regardless of PD-L1.  The dual primary of DFS in terms of those with a TPS greater than 50%, there is a positive trend, but it's not significant. And the OS has got a trend as we move forward. I would imagine, as data matures people may want to see those data, and I just want to emphasize that in relationship to early-stage lung cancer, we have other trials as well, which is KEYNOTE-671, KEYNOTE-867 and KeyLink 012.  So I could imagine that as people deliberate on this, they will be interested in understanding how the data is maturing. These are event-driven and they're part of our FDA discussions and the PDUFA date, as you said, is January 29, 2023. But we could see a situation. There's nothing formally that's been asked of us, but we could see a situation where evolving data is asked for.
Dean Li: Yes, in relationship to the questions that you had about V116, I just want to reiterate or reemphasize the strategy that we think, which is in different age groups or different populations, the stereotypes that are most troublesome for different populations is very different. So the whole focus of V116, the whole focus of the V116 is to recognize the serotypes that are specifically important for adults and to target that. And that's what V116 is, and that's why we had the first of 4 current Phase III trials that have to run its course. There is not a view from my standpoint, scientifically, that this is a vaccine that I would drive into the pediatric population because the epidemiology as of right now would suggest that, that would not be the right place to put this vaccines. We want to put the vaccines where the serotypes match what is happening to that patient population.
Dean Li: Yes. So I just want to emphasize that trial is on track, and that trial should -- our intention is it should support filings? I should also emphasize that we have more than just 1 subcutaneous program and different images and different subcutaneous because we think that there may be a different patient population that will be important for different sort of formulations, the group formulations.  I should also emphasize that just like we have Q3 weeks and weeks Q3 weeks and Q6 weeks were intravenous. I think it's also important that we open up that possibility in the subcutaneous range as well.
Caroline Litchfield: Yes. Thank you, Dean. So Louis, we are really excited about the opportunities that we have moving into earlier stages of cancer. Clearly, if we can impact patients then, the possibilities of better outcomes are greater. We have seen in our early-stage cancers impressive performance. We're seeing very strong performance in triple-negative breast cancer, renal cell carcinoma and melanoma. And if I just touch on triple-negative breast cancer, we had the KEYNOTE-522 approval here in the United States July of last year.  During the second part of last year, we saw tremendous uptake in the first segment of treatment, the neoadjuvant treatment ahead of people then getting their surgery some 24 weeks later. What we're now seeing is not only patients coming on to KEYTRUDA for neoadjuvent triple-negative breast cancer. We're also seeing them return to treatment following their surgery. So we're very optimistic about the opportunities we have in the adjuvant setting and the impact that we can have on patients.
Caroline Litchfield: And Jeff, this is Caroline. The only thing I would add in terms of further investments is our belief in the molecule as being a molecule that could be impactful not only against COVID-19, but also pan coronavirus, RSA and flu. And as a result, we will invest in appropriate programs to try and prove that out.
Caroline Litchfield: And Mara, in response to your question on our utilization of excess cash, the capital allocation priorities of our company are unchanged. We continue to invest first and foremost in our business and the great opportunities that are in front of us. Business development is a strategic priority for us, and we will invest in business development as we have done in the past. We intend to continue to raise our dividend over time and we will then return any excess cash to our shareholders via share buyback. We do not intend to sit with multiple capacity on our balance sheet for periods of time and not use that cash in this regard. So I hope that addresses the use of our cash.
