Adam Schechter: Hi, Steve. I hope all is going well. Just with regard to your question, I'll give you a rough estimate as you know the data is not perfect in this area. But if you start with the U.S., the rough estimate is about 60% to 65% is in lung, about 15% melanoma, about 5% in bladder, about 5% in MSI High and then the rest is in all other indications. And then if you look at Europe, the data is even harder to get exact numbers on. What I would say is if you look at Europe and Japan, lung is the majority of revenue; and then followed by melanoma, which is the second largest contributor; and then all the other tumor types like head and neck, and bladder, are the rest of the numbers in there. But it's clearly lung followed by melanoma and then all others. 
Adam Schechter: Well, thank you, Andrew. Let me start with your first question about the proposal to remove the Safe Harbor for rebates plans and PBMs. So I have to start by saying it's rather difficult to comment on specifics at this point. As you know there's so many different proposals being considered to address the high out-of-pocket cost or drugs to patients, what I would say as we will work with the administration and the Congress to help find appropriate solutions to these issues. We do think it's important to make sure that patients to have meaningful access and lowering out-of-pockets across the patients is something that we're strongly and support of. 
Adam Schechter: Yeah. Hi, Jamie. So it's our first reward, we're very pleased with the performance of KEYTRUDA. And if you look at the sales for the first half of '18, it's doubled versus the first half of 2017. And we’ve seen robust growth sequentially every single quarter since launch both in the U.S. and outside the US. And I think people sometimes don’t recognize is the fact that 40%, more than 40% of our sales are outside the U.S. And we’ve only launched the immunotherapy there. We have not yet launched the combination therapy. But I can tell you the feedback on the chemo combo in the U.S. use has been very well received. And as I mentioned, about two-thirds of new patients are now starting on KEYTRUDA, when you exclude EGFR and ALK, and that’s a 20 points share increase since AACR. I’ve always said this is not going to be a big bolus of patients because these are patients coming into the market as are diagnosed each and every day and month. But as you continue to grow new patients share, those patients become part of the RF base and that represents a very large opportunity for growth for us for moving forward. And in addition to that, we’ve done really well with had head and neck, bladder and MSI-high, and we’re looking forward to all patients that Roger has spoken about.
Adam Schechter: Hi, Chris. This is Adam. First of all, with regard to KEYTRUDA penetration rates in first-line lung, a couple of things to note. First of all the two-thirds and 20 share point increase have happened very quickly and we believe that there is still substantial opportunity for that to grow even further. And as I mentioned that if you exclude ALK and EGFR, we now have survival benefits in 80% of the markets. So we believe that we continue to see good growth. Outside the U.S., the opportunity remains very big because we've only launched for monotherapy, we have not yet launched the chemo combo therapy and some other data. So I think the growth opportunity there remains significant. So there is no doubt that our lung indication will continue to be a good driver of growth for us in the future, but as I said before, all the new indications that we're expecting and some of those to be rather large, we're excited about the potential future opportunity. And the two-thirds as I talked about, new patients, those are patients that are just been diagnosed coming into the market. So I do believe that there is significant opportunity there moving forward.  With regard to GARDASIL, there is opportunity frankly globally. In the United States, there still opportunity to increase vaccination rates in 11-12 years old but also in the 19 to 26 years old. I also believe the opportunity for the 27 to 46-year olds, as we discussed with that indication, will represent another very important opportunity for us in the United States. Outside the United States, there is opportunity in new geographies, and China is an exemplar of that. And the uptake in China continues to be very strong. And then with new data that's been introduced in countries like Australia, there really is a lot of talk about elimination campaigns in markets around the world. So I believe that the opportunity for GARDASIL in the short term and long term for growth remains very significant.
Adam Schechter: So this is Adam. So we're currently capturing, as I said, roughly two-thirds of the new patient starts when you said EGFR and ALK. I also said that’s about a 20 share point higher increase than what we had prior to AACR. But I would expect continued substantial adoption is indicating as we go through the rest of this year. So I do believe it will continue to grow. Also, if you look at patients with squamous non-small cell lung cancer from KEYNOTE-407, that should enable us to become the standard of care in this population as well, and that's about 20% of the market. So again, with strength that we've seen in the clinical program or indications to be able to represent about 80% of all non-small cell lung cancer patients with overall survival. And overall survival is the gold standard. So that's why I believe there's still significant opportunity there
Adam Schechter: David, I’ll take your first question, which has to do with explaining or helping people to understand a longer term prospect. So we continue to evaluate the best way to do that, including perhaps the possibility of giving longer term guidance as we appreciate the desire investors for additional insights into our own internal expectations. Obviously we want investors to understand why we’re so confident in our long-term prospect. So that they continue to evaluate Merck versus other investments, they can do that. I will say that we are thinking about the best way to do that, and we will get back to you in that regard.
Adam Schechter: And with regard to doravirine, it's important to have options outside the integration inhibitor class and that is the most frequently described class at the moment. But RKI based regimens are one of the most commonly used treatment regimens in a wholly lung patient populations. And if you look at the -- profile it would improve on some of the limitations with the NNRTI class more favorable CNS side effect profile and they're put it back. But I look at it more as a bridge and so we've to continue to build on our legacy in HIV upgrades to that product that Roger talked about which is the MKE --1 novel product. So I would look at it as a near term way for us to continue to be relevant in the market but a real growth opportunity as we bridge into the future with our pipeline. 
Adam Schechter: Yeah so with regard to KEYTRUDA, it's very hard to get data and you've really do need to have a quite a bit of data overtime to understand the exact duration of therapy. So I would, I'd be hesitant to give any specific numbers. We are collecting real world evidence data, we are working on various data sources to have better estimates of that. And over time, we may be able to provide more specific information on that. 
Adam Schechter: And with regard to the indication, I mean as I've mentioned before, having a whole host of indications just reinforces how foundational KEYTRUDA is to overall cancer care. So every indication is important. With regard to this one, we're excited to get into the breast cancer market, but we're also starting to call this but this is already with Lynparza. So we are ready to launch with KEYTRUDA as soon as the data would be available or indication available. 
Adam Schechter: So to your question what we think long-term operating margin. We’re not going to give specific guidance that we have been consistent to say in general, we do believe we’re going to see operating margins expand as we move forward. As a result of what you pointed out, which is if you look at the mix of businesses with oncology and vaccines relative to what you would think that was a traditional primary care infrastructure, clearly those are more efficient businesses. But I would point out, as you look at this, maybe just some in general thoughts to give context. As you think about a pure specialty, we are a little bit different and what you think of as a pure specialty type company for a couple reasons. Starting with oncology, you really have never seen a situation in oncology, like what we have right now, with KEYTRUDA because this is the first time you have a drug that is crossing so many different tumor types, so many different indications. And as a result of that, you’re really dealing with the needs to promote and to sell to multiple different specialists. So the infrastructure burden for product like the KEYTRUDA probably is going to be more than what you would see for traditional oncology companies, just given that. Although still is very beneficial to where we are today.  So we are going to expand that I just would say, be cautious not to look at a pure ontology play with a more limited indication profile as a competitor. And then likewise, in vaccines. If you look at our vaccines portfolio, several the products in our vaccines portfolio and as we look forward to some of the products in our pipeline, actually, several those will not only go to specialists, but also will be marketed to the primary care doctors. So that in and of itself will mean a little bit more of a footprint. So I just want to give you a sense of that to say that while we do expect to see margins expand, it’s. I think it’s hard to think in terms of what a pure stuff for the company would look like.  And then with regards to the portfolio, and what we’re thinking about. As Ken mentioned in his earlier comments at the beginning of the call, we are always reevaluating our portfolio. And so we are not before close to any opportunity to optimize the portfolio. If it makes sense for both the short-term and long-term, I think that’s the important thing. In everything we look at. We try to measure, what is the long-term path is sustainable value creation, sustainable growth and make the decisions balancing that relative to what we see in the short-term. But to your point, as we look across diversified brands, and in particular, and products like women’s health, we’re always asking the question, would it be more valuable in someone else’s hands, including the manufacturing assets and if we see something that makes sense from a deal perspective. We would consider it. 
Adam Schechter: Yeah so as I look at KEYTRUDA as I said. Each of these indications is important that represents value to patients the patients suffering from cancer. As I look at the size and our quarter entry and those types of things, obviously the breast cancer indication the gastric cancer indication are important to power those cellular is important to be able to compete in renal as well. And again as we look even further out the adjuvant stage cancer are very exciting opportunities for us. 
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: And Andrew, with respect to the expansion of the olaparib trial, well as you know and as I’ve described we've done quite a lot with Lynparza since the partnership with AstraZeneca plus consummate. We have a lot of new studies that we've gone through and it's taken a little bit longer than we wanted to for the two organizations to come together and agree on exactly what we should study and where we should study it. But you'll be seeing a lot of those trials grow a lot very soon in response to your question. It is not because we are in any way constrained by personnel and we have our clinical team is really firing in all cylinders, no doubt. 
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: Well, thanks, Gregg. On pneumococcal vaccine. Clearly, I think this is an area where we’ve been very active for a long time. With PNEUMOVAX, we have a lot of understanding of the marketplace and the needs in terms of invasive pneumococcal disease continue to evolve because of the availability of vaccines, particularly in the younger susceptible population. So as new vaccines are introduced, there are changes in the epidemiology of pneumococcal serotypes, which we follow quite closely. My expectation is that there will be need in the marketplace for multiple – vaccines to lead advanced chemo moving forward but advancing – there will be other things that will be coming forward. There will be others in the marketplace. Obviously our colleagues and competitors advisor are hard at work in these two. And we'll see how it plays out, but I think there is clear need for many vaccines in this extremely important area given the bread of the -- disease and its impact on human population. 
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: And with respect to the Neoadjuvant breasts, we are first of all, I mean, just wait and see we are very excited about the opportunities that exists for adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy with KEYTRUDA across the broad range of tumor types. And I think the neoadjuvant experience is particularly instructive because of the pro-inflammatory effect of surgery in a variety of contexts. I draw your attention and you don't need your attention because you already know it very well to the I-SPY 2 data that we've got the opportunity to present previously. And the pathology of complete response results there are extremely impressive without going into any attempting any way to compare different definitions of pathologic complete response. I think there was a good understanding in breast cancer in particular about the relationship between pathologic complete response as studied a nice by two and outcomes. And that's the kind of analysis that we are using or will use in KEYNOTE-042 and with other studies going forward I'm very enthusiastic about where that could lead. 
Ken Frazier: And, Jami, thanks for your question about Animal Health. Let me start by letting you know and showing you that we consistently reevaluate our corporate portfolio in light of various facts, including the environment, to determine how we can generate the highest value for our shareholders over the long term. You mentioned the growth impact that we talked about earlier in the call of animal health. In addition to growth, we believe our Animal health business provides us diversification from KEYTRUDA in the rest of our human health portfolio. And we also think it's important to note the important synergies of having animal and human health together within Merck. We’ll point out though our animal health business is growing more quickly than its industry peers and a great deal of that has to do with the fact that we are able to achieve synergies between our animal health R&D and our human health R&D. For example, we have innovative protein and vaccine technology that is shared across that portfolio. Animal health have access to our human health catalog, which has led to innovations on the animal health side. Right now they're investigating oncology and diabetes where our companion animals, and their other examples of human health leveraging discovery from animal health as well. So we see all of those reasons, as we sit here today, we see animal health still fitting with our strategy intent and our intrinsic capabilities as a research-based pharmaceutical company, and we believe these synergies will help our animal health business grow faster in its market and will also have an impact on overall Merck. 
Ken Frazier: And on business development, I'd start by again reinforces how important that priority is for the company, and we are actively looking for the best opportunities across all kinds of structures, including acquisitions and partnerships, collaboration and licensing. And with respect to acquisitions, over the past couple years, as I said previously, we can't looked at some that didn't can out either because of the target was just not a willing seller. Well, because it was for kind of competition for the asset that made the price untenable based on our assumptions. I think, as you’ve seen, there has also been generally a terrific of M&A across the industry recently. There's been significant funding flowing in the small biotech, including the IPO, which are at multiyear highs. So as a result, biotechs have access to ample capital and they have perhaps less need or desire to sell right now and the deals that are getting done are being done at very high prices and premium. But I want to assure you that augmenting our pipeline to business development nevertheless remains an important priority. So we'll continue to scour the landscape carefully. 
Ken Frazier: And with regard to GARDASIL. Again, we remain optimistic about the long-term growth opportunity there. We’re still in the beginning, frankly at the launch in China and we’re excited about that opportunity. Regarding the U.S., the transition to the 2-dose regimen is nearly completed. It’s not entirely complete, so we are overlapping the vast majority of that change. So I think we’ll start to see some growth there as we finalize the 2-dose transition. And then lastly, I would say that and showing that we’ve got the right amount of products in the right parts of the world will always be something that we’re going to be working on. And frankly, the update in China has been larger than what we would have initially anticipated, and we’re still trying to ensure that we understand what the demand there, because this is such a large opportunity. There are so many people there that we’ve got to understand how much product will need to get into that country.
Ken Frazier: So, I'll start with a JANUVIA question. As I said before, outside of U.S. we continue to see strong growth in the innumerous offset by the pricing pressure that we see in the U.S. And as I said, the last couple years, each year is tougher than the last year, this year, there is more pricing pressure than it was last year. And I believe next year, they'll be more pricing pressure than there is this year. So I believe that that will continue. The good news is we are seeing growth outside of the U.S. and we're in the middle of launching in China, for example, where we think there is still a growth opportunity there. So what's happening is the growth outside of U.S. is offset by the U.S. pricing pressure, I'll be in the U.S. we still continue to see good volume there. With regards to KEYTRUDA outside the United States, I mean lung cancer is the majority of revenue already outside of U.S. Even though it's coming from the monotherapy, we already have most of the major markets reimbursing for lung for the monotherapy. We're waiting to be able to promote the combo and I think that will represent an additional opportunity for us outside of the U.S. moving forward.
Ken Frazier: So maybe I’ll jump on the operating margin question and I can hit the second question. Or did you want to…
Ken Frazier: And then with your question to animal health. You are right, as you look at the quarter, we have very strong growth in the quarter and if you look back over the last couple of years we've been consistently outpacing the markets animal health market in our growth. And as Tim mentioned earlier, this is largely due to the fact that we have both a robust in line portfolio products but also we're having meaningful new product launches across vaccines across in animals. So it really is a story of innovation that is driving the above market growth. And as we look forward. We expect we're not going to give specific guidance but I would say as we look forward over the next several years I would expect to continue to see above market growth on the basis of the new products as well as the strength of them on products we have which really ties to the whole nature of the innovation story and the innovation synergies that Ken mentioned earlier. 
Ken Frazier: Okay. Thank you all for participating in today's call. I want to reiterate that we are focused on commercial execution and continuing to advance our portfolio. I'm very optimistic about the rest of the year and our long term outlook. And I want to thank you and have a good day. 
