Dean Li: I’ll take this. Umer, thank you very much for that question. I mean just to recognize that in MSI high, we have a strong presence with pembro there. The larger group in CRC or colorectal cancer is in the MSS population. At this point, there is not really been any checkpoint inhibitor that’s shown dramatic impact in MSS CRC. So our interest in driving pembro plus LAG-3 in that is to demonstrate that a checkpoint inhibitor could have a meaningful impact in MSS CRC. If we should get a positive signal in that, clearly, we would use that as a beachhead to expand and extend the role of checkpoint inhibitors in MSS CRC, which is a place that requires a lot of more innovation. In terms of specific interim analysis on this, we generally try to keep that when there is data that’s worth sharing, that’s when we share it. Thanks.
Dean Li: So let me take the first question. So there is a series of trials and relationships with sotatercept. So the March date that we talk about is for a potential decision by the FDA for approval based on the STELLAR trial. And we think in the second half of 2024, we may be in a position in relationship to the EU. We have other trials, as you point out, especially Phase 3 trials, and they are ZENITH and they are HYPERION. Those two are based on events. So it’s a tracking of events that sort of define when those happen. So ZENITH, I think, is now like September 2025 and HYPERION, August 2026. So that’s just been event-driven. In relationship to how best to treat patients, well we’re in conversations with the FDA in relationship to where is the best place for patients to be treated. But I’ll just highlight that we have an image of an auto injector moving very fast through our pipeline. So that might give you a sense of where we think this may end up.
Dean Li: Yes. So just so that everyone is looking at this asset in the same way, there have been critical medicines that ablate androgen field growth in prostate cancer. And the interest in the SIP is it’s very high upstream, and we think that it could be an important contribution. Clearly, we’re in – as you point out, we’re interested both broadly, but especially in the specific mutation patients. And so we will be advancing those trials to look at that subpopulation as well as more broad populations. In terms of the statistical sort of analysis in that, that’s something that I think probably would be best sort of discussed with our clinical teams at a different time.
Dean Li: Yes. So I’ll just – so again, we’re talking about V116. We’re talking about FDA potential action in June 2024, followed by ACIP, followed by MMWR. I think it’s in March that we’re going to be presenting STRIDE-3 and 6, and I think the data will be out there. And as you’ll see in that, between STRIDE-3 and throughout STRIDE-3 all the way to 6, you’ll see data in relationship to vaccination of those who are naive versus previously vaccinated. And you will see data in the patient population – or the population that 65, but also in the 50-plus as well. As that data is digested, both by the FDA, but probably very importantly, by the ACIP, I think those data will guide how the ACIP makes their decision.
Dean Li: Yes. This is Dean. Thanks for that question. So I’ll just step back, and I think I’ve said this previously, especially in lung, it’s very important to understand what the standard of care is and that one would have to beat it in a significant way. And the standard of care, in our minds, in the late stage, is roughly KEYNOTE-189. And now in the earlier stage, it’s clearly in KEYNOTE-671 both with clear OS data. What we have said previously is that we are unclear that any one ADC can have as broad of an impact as KEYNOTE-189 or 671 and that in order for ADC to have a substantial advantage in those patient populations, one may need to focus on a biomarker-selected patient population. And so the data that we saw does not change our way of thinking. It’s the way of thinking that we’ve discussed previously. And I would just add that it’s really important, there is also data out there where people are doing retrospective biomarker data in this. For us to demonstrate true efficacy in any patient population, we need a biomarker strategy that is prospective and one that can be easily actionable throughout the world. Thanks.
Dean Li: Yes. So, I will just answer more broadly in relationship to TROP2 as an ADC and specifically our compound. One of the things that is extremely useful to us is its adverse effect profile, especially for lung cancer patients and relationship to lung toxicity is readily manageable. It’s a quite good profile. In terms of your question about the paper that I think that you talked about internalization and this I think those are interesting and important papers for us to consider. But I think one of the things that’s also important for us to do is to do the clinical experiment and see what the results are in relationship. We are confident that TROP2 ADC will have an impact. TROP2 ADCs in breast cancer has had an impact. And we believe that our TROP2 ADC, especially with the linker and payload, will have an important impact in lung cancer. And then the question that you have is, how do you combine it, do you combine it with chemo, do you combine it with PD-1, how do you think through that, I think those are questions that our clinical team thinks deeply about, but we also think deeply about what line of therapy and also what the standard of care is. And if you want to move to first line standard of care is KEYNOTE-189 with a chemo/pembro basis. So, one has to think about how one would advance a TROP2 from different lines all the way to first line. So, those considerations come in quite heavily.
Dean Li: So, this is Dean. I will take the first question and then I will hand it over to Rob and Caroline because the economic question and the payer is also related to the innovation that you provide. I just want to make sure that our way of thinking about something like pembro with hyaluronidase given as subcu is really there is going to be a call for that innovation. I will just emphasize, we constantly speak about the earlier-stage cancer. And right now, we have nine approvals. And as I have said in relationship in the prepared remarks, of those approvals, two – the only two that have checkpoint inhibitors that have OS benefit is KEYTRUDA base, which is early lung cancer and RCC. I actually just came from a meeting speaking to a bunch of thoracic oncologists in this, and it’s quite interesting to hear how they speak for those who are thoracic oncologists, who are linked to setting with medical oncologists, and they very clearly understand why KEYNOTE-671 perioperative is the category one. In situations where you may have a CT surgeon outside of a major care plan or a care – a major medical center sometimes you have CT surgeons moonlighting doing lobectomies and resection, for that, the KEYNOTE-091. And constantly, what we hear from the physicians and the provider, and many of them are in provider systems of all different types, is the need to have an alternative way to get the KEYTRUDA to them, either Q3, Q6 given the regimen. So, I just want to emphasize that the subcu pembro plus hyaluronidase is an innovation that is going to be demanded and is being demanded by the field.
Dean Li: I really appreciate the question. So, I will talk about it. In relationship to the RSV monoclonal antibody, it’s for the early birth, it’s an antibody, it’s passive immunization, and it’s for the pediatric population. This is a single shot. This is not weight-based. And we believe it has a longer season in relationship to other choices. And so we think it’s an important readout, and we are very excited and interested to move on this RSV monoclonal antibody. I would also emphasize that the New England Journal of Medicine just published a series of papers, not in RSV, but also in dengue that also we are very excited about. And we are moving that forward quickly. And then more broadly from the ID vaccine, I have said previously that I am very intrigued to see the results of our NRTTI islatravir and our other NRTTI, MK-8527. So, that will also be coming out this year. We will be able to see those. So, it is the RSV. It is the dengue that was just out there, and it is the HIV data that we are going to be very interested in seeing across this year.
Dean Li: Chris, that’s a great question and an expansive question. So, let me just hit in relationship to the TL1A antibody. We have our ulcerative colitis trial moving forward, and that’s been listed and that’s moving forward. I think probably the really important thing for me that I look out is getting the Crohn’s disease trial moving. The reason I think it’s really important is I will remind myself that TL1A is in the super TNF family. But TL1A may be different than run-of-the-mill TNF in its ability to not just dampen inflammation, but affect fibrosis. So, going from ulcerative colitis to Crohn’s disease, Crohn’s disease has lots of strictures in this. That will be important. And it will be also important to look and follow – I follow our data in TL1A in relationship to lung disease and scleroderma. So, that’s with that. I would also emphasize that there are other assets within the partnership or acquisition that we did with Prometheus and those compounds, which had already been discussed previously are advancing through the pipeline as well. And then the other question that you have is, are we interested in other platforms and moving forward, the answer is absolutely yes. I think you had a question in terms of cell therapy with immunology. I think there is interesting there. But as you know, we have – when we have looked at cell therapy in relationship to cancer, especially not in heme, but in solid, we have been a little bit probably more exploratory. And right now, our view of cell therapy in immunology is one that might be more similar to our view of cell therapy in solid tumor, a little bit more exploratory.
Dean Li: Thank you very much for that question. So, when we think about tissue targeting, we think of ADCs. And the answer is, I think the ADC fields will continue to develop, and I think there will be other payloads, other linkers, but also the specificity by which you do the tissue targeting in relationship to the antibody may change. There is also clearly evidence of potential movements into peptide drug conjugates that we are interested in as well as the possibility that the payload is no longer chemotherapy-based, but other sort of compound-based. So, we are interested in that. In tissue targeting more broadly, we are interested, and so we view that as, okay, that’s how we are going to move sort of toxic cell chemotherapy agents into tissue targeting sort of scheme making chemotherapy precision medicine. But we also are very interested in the IO space in relationship to tissue targeting, and that is – our foray in that is really helped by our proposed acquisition with Harpoon that has a very interesting asset in relationship to tissue targeting and immune engagers.
Caroline Litchfield: Thank you for the question, Evan. This is Caroline. As we’ve guided for 2024, we’re very confident in the underlying momentum in our business across Oncology, across Vaccines, across Animal Health. We also are very excited about the potential launches for sotatercept and V116. For sotatercept, given the significant clinical data we have and the understanding that there are many patients that have already been identified who can benefit for sotatercept on top of the treatments they have, we are expecting a strong launch. For V116, as Dean just outlined, we will wait for the FDA approval, the ACIP recommendation. We will then expect MMWR to publish, and therefore, expect to have impact with V116 coming towards the end of this year.
Caroline Litchfield: The only add, if I may is we had significant opportunity to protect further females in China. At the end of 2023, we also submitted to the regulatory authorities our data on GARDASIL for males. So, we are hopeful to introduce that in the Chinese market in the future.
Caroline Litchfield: Thank you for the question, Geoff. So, as you all know, our company has made great progress in expanding operating margin over a number of years. As we look to 2024, we expect operating margin to improve. And that’s really driven by the strength of the top line and mix of revenue by the roll-off of royalties that we have noted on KEYTRUDA and GARDASIL. Being disciplined in our expenses, while we do invest fully behind our expansive pipeline, as we go beyond 2024, we still point to an operating margin of greater than 43% in 2025. But our focus as a company and as a team is to really ensure that we are fueling the pipeline supporting the portfolio of products that we are launching to drive growth into the long-term.
Rob Davis: Sure. Adam, thanks for the question. So there has actually been Chinese competitors with an offering for some time actually in the Chinese market. And that market is large. We continue to believe in the eligible cohorts in just the urban females, which was the Tier 1 to Tier 3 cities, is about 200 million – a little over 200 million women. And so of that, we think probably about 30% have actually received vaccination. So, you are still looking at 120 million, 130 million eligible population. As we look at this and as we have seen over time, we continue to be very competitive. We are maintaining a vast majority of share in the private market. And really, you are seeing most of the local competitors go to the lower-tier cities and to a different population than we have been targeting. So, that does not change our view of the growth potential in China. Long-term, obviously we will continue to face competition there, and we are positioning ourselves to continue to succeed there. But the approval you are talking about is not changing our view.
Rob Davis: Yes. I will start and then Caroline can jump in as well. But I think as you look at the market size and the comments, I don’t want to speak to comments that others have made. I think it’s also important to understand that as we bring a vaccine which brings significant incremental coverage, at 83% versus, if you look at PCV20, just as an example, it’s closer to, I think about 30%. So, you are looking at significant incremental coverage, which I think it can have an impact on how you think both about catch-up to cover the disease. As Dean noted in his prepared comments, we have eight serotypes covering 30% of what is causing disease, which is unique to us. So, we think that, that will have implications both in terms of the catch-ups as well as potentially to be able to go for patients 50 and plus versus 65 and plus. So, if you take all of those things into account, we still see this as a very large opportunity for us. Our view is it’s about an $8 billion market in ‘23. We anticipate it actually growing to be over $10 billion later in the decade. And with that being the pediatric segment of that is about 70%, so we are looking at 30% of that is what is the adult piece. So, as we see it, this is still a growing market, a good market. And we remain very confident that V116 will both have a majority share and be a meaningful contributor.
Rob Davis: Chris, thanks for the question. Obviously, first, I just want to reinforce the pride I have in what Dean and the team have been able to do and the meaningful progress we are making both in our internal pipeline and what we have been able to do through the business development, which is I think in some ways, in a weird way, underlying your question. But as we sit here today, while I feel very good about the progress we have made in the growing portfolio, the diverse and deep portfolio we have in our pipeline, we do continue to believe we need more, and we will continue to prioritize business development. And I would say that our views of deals like Prometheus, like Acceleron are still the size of deals we are very interested in, if we can find great assets. So, clearly that’s an area of focus. But also continuing to do smaller deals as well, like what you saw with Harpoon. So, it’s going to be a range of deals. But I think as you look in that zero to kind of $15 billion, $1 billion to $15 billion, it continues to be where we will look for. And then obviously, we have also, I think shown that not only are we very open to doing an acquisition, but we see collaboration as an important tool as well, very similar to what we did with Daiichi Sankyo. So, we are going to be looking at the full suite and including deals that fit those categories.
Rob Davis: Yes. Thanks Dean. And to the questions on the economics, and I think we have commented on this a little bit in various settings. But as we think about our strategy for bringing this to the market from a commercial perspective, our view is the quality-of-life benefits this brings does demonstrate and afford us the ability to get a premium price. But we also are very cognizant that any subcu pembro will have to be considered in the context of a generic IV version. So, we will price our subcu to drive for volume and to do for conversion, which means we will be looking at prices really more in line with where you would see the generic version at a premium that history has shown is very manageable and expected and covered by payers today when you look at the different delivery for them. So, in that sense, we think we will be able to manage this. The whole question of Part B versus Part D, we will have to see how it plays out as far as the ultimate side of administration. But if it does end up being into the Part D category, which is a reasonable chance, you are correct and that some of the new coverages that are out there in catastrophic and with the cap, also then from a patient perspective, should lower the burden they are going to face, which we also think could help with conversion.
Rob Davis: Yes. And Steve, just to maybe, from a commercial perspective, build on the question, from a launch timing perspective, our expectation is that we would be in the market in 2025. And obviously, we are working to be ready for that season in 2025. And then from – a differentiator for us, recall that our coverage covers what is the full prevention season for RSV, which is five months to six months. We are a single fixed dose, not a weight-based administered shot. So, for us, those are all very important things. And the last thing I would note is the site of action for us is really, we think, has low risk of development of resistance and is different than the competition. So, we actually are very bullish on this. I think we don’t talk about it, frankly, because we have so many other good things to talk about. It sometimes gets lost. But it doesn’t mean we are not excited about this and/or dengue, which frankly, I still believe dengue is a little bit, obviously, later than this, but huge for us. So, those were things we are excited about. It just reinforces the breadth of the portfolio we have.
