Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Welcome to Merck's second quarter 2021 conference call. With me today are Rob Davis, our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Dean Li, President of Merck Research Labs, Frank Clyburn, President of Human Health, and Caroline Litchfield, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started, I'd like to point to a few items. You will see that we have items in our GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs, and certain other items. You should note that we have excluded these from our non-GAAP results and provide a reconciliation in our press release.  I would like to remind you that some of the statements that we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor Provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current beliefs of Merck's management, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties.  If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2020 10-K, identified certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning.  Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings today's earnings release and an Investor Presentation with highlights of our results are all posted on Merck.com. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Dean. Mary, will you please start the question-and-answer session? And to help to get to more questioners today, we ask that each analyst limit themselves to 1 question. Thank you.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Geoff. We realize it's 9 o'clock. We're going to go a few minutes late to get to more questions. Next question, please, Mary.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you Steve, and thank you all for your really good questions today. I’ll turn it to Rob for some closing remarks.
Rob Davis: Sure. Sure. No, I appreciate the question, Chris, and good morning. As we -- as I said in the prepared remarks, we're very focused on business development, and it's something that we recognize we need to do. We need to augment the pipeline.  But I also just want to reinforce, and I think hopefully you heard it through what Dean just walked through, we also have a strong internal pipeline, and I don't want to lose sight of that. And we really do have a lot of confidence in what we can bring forward across the breadth of both oncology assets, as well as assets outside of oncology and vaccines. Obviously in HIV, all the areas that Dean touched upon. But with that said, we know we need to add more and build upon that, and we're very focused there. Clearly, we see ourselves, and I made a comment about this in the prepared remarks, with the strength in oncology.  And we want to build upon that strength and actually see ourselves as a Company that, over time, can be a broad player across oncology, really leveraging the foundational position we have with KEYTRUDA to going well beyond KEYTRUDA, and we're already starting to do that.  As we think about business development, I always will look at that because if you look right now in the space of where there's still one of the largest unmet needs, despite the advances we've made with KEYTRUDA and other new agents, which are phenomenal in what they're delivering for patients, the truth is the majority of patients still don't have a solution yet for the cancers they face.  This is still an area of unmet need. There's a ton of science being done in this area -- focused in this area. And as I said, we have the strength to leverage the position of KEYTRUDA and the data we have within our oncology space, to really be a differentiated, and I think unique observer of the space to be able to select the best opportunity.  So that will be a focus. But I also recognize we have to do more than that, we need to be balanced, and we are looking to areas outside of oncology as well. And I would like to see us do things in both. Build the strong foundation, continue to lead in oncology, leverage the data we have there, but look to where can we balance that, and augment the portfolio on outside areas.  On the second part of the question, on the pros and cons between large and small deals, in a perfect world we would -- where we think we bring the greatest value, is if you get assets that are a little bit earlier in development where we can bring the prowess we have from a clinical side to bring those through and really add value.  Those are the deals we've been doing historically. But we're not foreclosed to doing larger deals. And as we've always said, and I continue to believe, it's more about finding the right science. Driven first was science as the key component, informed by the portfolio impact where we believed we had value.  And if we can find those deals, we will move on them, whether they are large or small. But clearly one of the areas we continue to believe we do not need to go, is to the very large synergy-driven deals.  I think we have enough firepower on our own pipeline. And through what we can add across the portfolio with deals focused on the science, we don't need to go to those large type of deals at this time.
Rob Davis: Terrence, thanks for the question. As we look forward, we're actively looking and want to move with speed. I don't want to put a time limit on how fast because, obviously, some of it is based on market factors, and where assets are in their own lifecycle, and in discussions we're having.  Right now, we're focused on trying to find the ways to deliver to the pipeline through BD, but it's not timed down. I think what Caroline's really trying to say is, eventually, if we don't find those opportunities, we're not going to sit on the cash forever. But I want to make sure that we put the priority on BD first before we make that determination.
Rob Davis: And Terrence, my apologies. I recognized I didn't answer the last part of your question on valuations. What we are seeing in the marketplace are things tend to still be fully valued. And as we know, there's a lot of capital flowing into the biotech space.  That obviously presents a challenge, but I would just point to you that we recognize we need to be appropriately aggressive as we go after these opportunities. And I continue to believe that if we apply where we see differential opportunity, based on our scientific read of what's out there, we can still create value while we're strategically adding to the pipeline. And that's really where we're focused.
Rob Davis: Andrew, we will try to answer the question. To be honest with you, you came through very, very garbled. I think your question -- the first part of the question was about pipeline transparency and when are we going to be showing more information if we're on that. As I said, that is an area of focus.  We did that with what -- when we showed you the broader HIV Portfolio and the work we did recently to give some insights to our broader early-stage oncology portfolio outside of KEYTRUDA. Our thought and thinking is probably, as we approach probably closer to the end of the year, I think we're going to plan to have another session.  And then, obviously, we'll think about as we move into next year. But areas we want to highlight as we move forward, clearly, as I mentioned, cardiometabolic is an area where we have growing conviction and interest.  We're very interested in our broader vaccines portfolio and we see a lot of opportunity there. So those will be some areas where we'll be focusing in the future. And then I think you were asking if we saw a pro-drug IP issue with islatravir. I'll turn that over to Dean if he's aware of -- if I got the question right.
Rob Davis: Geoff, I appreciate the question. As we think about business development and how we think about that relative to our margin goals we have for the Company, a couple of comments. One, it's important to say we do believe over time, as I said, we need to have a balanced -- more balanced portfolio, and we'd like to bring that diversification.  I would make 1 clarification to your point. I see a difference in diversification away from KEYTRUDA versus diversification away from oncology. Obviously, oncology is a broad field. And as I said it earlier, with huge unmet needs still -- still rests there.  That's an area where we can leverage the strength that we have with KEYTRUDA, the foundational position we have, the data we have, the insights we get from basically being tested, either combined with, or against pretty much every agent out there. And so I see expansion and diversification across broader oncology as an important goal for us future -- into the future.  And then I do believe we also should look for other therapeutic areas. We have a strong position in vaccines. We are looking there. We've mentioned cardiometabolic as an area. And in fact, Dean can make a comment on neuroscience, where we actually have several ongoing early stage programs in the neuroscience space, so we're excited about that.  To your question on what do we prioritize. First and foremost, I prioritize long-term sustainable growth. And that, in our business, is about innovation and investment in science. And so we always will prioritize that. I believe we can both deliver that and bring operating margin expansion to the business. But if it's a matter of driving cost reduction or investing in growth, I always will invest in growth.
Rob Davis: Yeah. Thank you. I'll take that question. Clearly, we continue to expect to see ongoing pressure on pricing and I think the dialogue that you're pointing to the tapping right now with Congress. And then, also, with the Biden administration only reinforces that that threat continues to be there. But I think as we focus on it, a couple of points.  One, as we look forward, all of the expectations we have for our growth as a Company that we've communicated in the past does assume we face meaningful price pressure. So we continue to believe our growth will be driven more by volumes than price.  And I think that's important as you think about the long-term risk position of the Company. As we look out over the next 5 plus years, we're largely be risked to our revenue goals. And I think we can achieve it regardless of price.  Putting that aside, as you think about it from a policy perspective, we're very willing to engage with the U.S. government in discussions about how best to achieve a goal of reducing the out-of-pocket costs for patients. That is our foremost goal. We actually recognize that need and are willing, and want, to work with them around that goal.  Understanding, we want to protect innovation, because we also want to be able to ensure we can bring the innovations for the next generation of patients that need them. I think the whole situation with COVID has shown why you want a robust and innovative industry because at the moment, you need it.  It's important that it's here in our country and we can invest and drive it. So that's our focus. But again, it's really about where it is that we can see reductions in out-of-pocket cost areas where they look either legislatively or otherwise, that don't shift any kind of savings to the patient in their pocketbook, we’re opposed to.
Rob Davis: Great, Thanks Peter. As we discussed today, hopefully what you get a sense of is that we do have significant opportunities for growth and value creation. I'm committed to make it happen and I know my team is as well, and importantly, we're confident we'll be able to do so.  Merck is a Company that matters. And as we think about that, we know we need to evolve, that we hold a special place in the world and we're committed to delivering for the patients who are counting on us.  And frankly to deliver the sustainable growth that I know our shareholders want to see and I'm confident we will do so. So I look forward to giving you updates on our progress as we move forward, and I wish you all to have a great rest of your day.
Dean Li: Yeah, this is Dean. Let me take that question. We are advancing molnupiravir in a Phase III clinical trial. It is focused on the outpatient setting, and we are focusing it on high-risk patients. The reason I emphasize that is, your observations in relationship to viral load and as such are important observations.  But I would just call out that, at least with -- on the U.S. regulatory framework, the viral load is not the critical issue for the regulatory framework; it is whether or not we can affect clinical events. And so the need to focus on high-risk patients is the critical issue that we want to focus on.  In relationship to that trial, it has a primary completion date that's listed as October. And we are very enthusiastic of how this trial is progressing, and we hope to see data over the coming months for the trial.  I would emphasize that this is a blinded global study and it is focused on high risk and many of the -- the pandemic keeps shifting, and so it's not just within the U.S. and the EU, but important countries like South Africa, Brazil, Colombia, those countries are extremely important for our ability to show not just the reduction of viral load, but a big impact on clinical effect. That's what we need to look for in this trial.
Dean Li: In relationship to your second question, it's almost -- there's such a laundry list of advancements in data and technology that whatever I say, I'm going to miss saying something. And I will just focus not so much in platforms.  There's a lot of movement in data platforms that I think are critically important, but also in what I would call it technology platforms that are important for making molecules, as you said, such as antibodies. Clearly, there's a lot of movement in protein engineering. Clearly, there's movement in protein degradation.  Clearly, there's movement in antibody-drug conjugates. And we are interested in all of them. I think one of the critical questions that often people think about, especially in relationship to us as a vaccine Company, is in relationship to mRNA.  And really the success of a monovalent SARS -CoV-2 vaccine is something that's demonstrated the speed which we've always recognized, but also scalability. And we were one of the first to invest in mRNA for vaccines, for ID, and for oncology. And so we're taking some of those lessons and we're prioritizing programs where we believe that mRNA will be implored.  I do want to emphasize that those programs -- that said, programs such as pneumococcal vaccines, I don't think is a place where mRNA vaccines is a place to take it. And complex multivalent vaccines with profound and proven clinical benefits such as GARDASIL. I'm not so sure that that's where I would drive an mRNA vaccine.  Outside of infectious disease, we continue to have a very productive partnership with Moderna on oncology. Where we're a little bit more careful is outside of the use of vaccines. We watch with interest the progression of that technology.
Dean Li: Right. So first of all, Islatravir is a foundational element that one could build on and that's what our strategy is built on, monotherapy for prevention and combination in terms of treatment. So the interest in Islatravir, I kind of take it as validation of how strong we believe in Islatravir and this mechanism.  In terms of the, the Legal status, we're very comfortable in where we fit in relationship with islatravir. I don't want to speak directly to freedom to operate and all of that in relationship to other people's compounds, until we see the details of the structure in all of this. But we are very confident in our investment and our patent position in relationship to Islatravir.
Dean Li: Let me take a shot at that question that you had in relationship to orphan disease and neuroscience. I would highlight that if we're looking at rare diseases, I do like rare diseases because it's a very quick way to understand proof-of-concept and can move quickly.  And then once you're at that situation, the ability to expand from that beach head is very important. And the reason I want to emphasize that is deals [Indiscernible], although an oncology, is really a rare disease play with the possibility of expanding into broader cancers.  Whether we see that in cancer or in non-cancer assets and pathways and possibilities, that's something that we're very interested to replicate. In relationship to neurosciences, you're right. There has been movement recently of the FDA and the important biomarkers.  But I do want to level set that the importance of biomarkers must also be balanced by the importance of being able to show changes in important clinical events for patients. It has changed and we're very anxious to understand how we can best utilize that movement for biomarkers, and especially for example, our phospho Tau program, which we're very enthusiastic of advancing. How that should navigate, and how we should think about, for example, biomarkers such as Tau biomarkers in that clinical strategy is of intense interest to us, giving the shifting landscape. We have other neuroscience programs, MK MK-8189 is in Phase II for Schizophrenia, we have MK-1942 that we're advancing for treatment-resistant depression.  The regulatory landscape changing in neuroscience is important. It is something that we've taken in account and it is affecting how we navigate the field and accelerate the programs that we have. And it also changes how we look at business development as well.
Dean Li: I'll take that question. The issue with multivalency is, it's the more valence that you have in any vaccines, it becomes a more complicated issue. The other issue is the dose that you need, and what we would call the reactogenicity every time that you add something.  I don't -- it would be remiss for me to say that anything's impossible. Science and technology changes. But the framework that I was trying to lay out is that there are places where I think the field would race in relationship to mRNA to have an impact clinically.  And then there are other parts of the field where I think more discovery and development of the technology, there will be an intense interest to overcome some of those initial barriers.
Dean Li: Yeah, this is the -- IoT4 is a program that we’re watching very carefully in our own pipeline. It is a program that was initiated by us looking at patient data from clinical trials with Pembrolizumab, and looking at those patients who are responsive, but more importantly, those patients who are not responsive and understanding what are possible mechanisms.  The other point that I would just empathize is IoT4 in some sense is a checkpoint inhibitor, but it is not a T-cell checkpoint inhibitor. And there's always been a discussion of whether another class of immune cells, such as myeloid cells, could be really important and so that's the second reason why we're very interested.  But quite frankly, the third point that I would make is all of that is interesting science and is a great hypothesis, but fundamentally, we have to have clinical trials that show that. We are advancing clinical trials for IoT4.  And I think that the interest in other companies to follow our lead in IoT4 is based on the fact that they see us advancing it, and we believe that our data will support us advancing it. And we'll just have to see what that benefit is, but it is a highly differentiated first-in-class mechanism, not just in the molecule, but in the cellular approach of how we're attacking cancer broadly.
