Alex Kelly: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Merck's Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I want to mention just a couple of housekeeping items. First, there are a number of items in the GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs and certain other items, and you should note that we've excluded those in our non-GAAP numbers. You can see reconciliation tables for the non-GAAP results in the press release and also in Table 2 of our supplement. We've also provided tables to help you understand the GAAP results, and that is in Table 1; the reconciliation tables, as I mentioned, on Table 2; and Table 3 in our press release provides sales performance for the company, our business units and our products. During the call, we'll be referring primarily to Tables 2 and Table 3. Finally, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements are based upon the current beliefs of Merck's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. You can see our SEC filings, including the 2011 10-K. They identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements we make today. You should note that Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement. And importantly, you can find our SEC filings as well as today's press release on our website at merck.com. This morning, I'm joined by Ken Frazier, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Adam Schechter, our -- the President of Global Human Health; and Peter Kellogg, our Chief Financial Officer. Now I'd like to turn it over to Ken Frazier.
Alex Kelly: Great. Thanks, Marc. Why don't we start with the SINGULAIR x U.S. number, and then we'll come back to the IL-23.
Alex Kelly: Okay. Thanks, Chris. Let's start with your questions about pricing and managed care access, and we'll come back to capital.
Alex Kelly: Mark, it's Alex. In terms of the Analyst Meeting, we've not set it on a date yet, but we are looking at Q2 as probably target time line for the next Analyst Meeting. And as in the past, I would expect that R&D programs would figure very prominently in the discussions that we would have there as well as a review of the overall business.
Adam H. Schechter: Yes. So Marc, if you look at SINGULAIR outside of the U.S., we've already started to see some patent expiries in countries like Mexico, Canada and Poland, so you really are starting to see some impact from the SINGULAIR patent expiries already. In addition to that, we had a slightly slower AR season in Japan. In general, in markets such as the emerging markets in Japan where we don't have the patent expiries, we believe that we continue to see good growth and we expect to see good growth over time.
Adam H. Schechter: Chris, thanks for your question. This is Adam. And we continue to do well with our managed care access for JANUVIA and, for that matter, for ZETIA and VYTORIN. With JANUVIA, we have 85% to 90% unrestricted access. And it's important to note that many patients use metformin even prior to JANUVIA or JANUMET. So therefore, they're using a Tier 1 product before they move to our unrestricted access in Tier 2 or Tier 3. Of course, there continues to be pressure, but I think with a profile that we have with JANUVIA, with the utilization and where it's utilized, we expect to continue to have very good formulary acceptance as we move forward into 2013. If you look at VYTORIN and ZETIA, we have 90% of patients that have commercial and Medicare Part D access to at least one of the brands. And what we think it's important is that they have the ability to use dual inhibition through either adding ZETIA or utilizing VYTORIN. So 90% access, we believe, for either one of the 2 being in second tier or third year with no prior off [ph] is a good place to be. And if you look at 2012 and 2013, we don't anticipate any significant changes for VYTORIN or ZETIA.
Adam H. Schechter: Tony, thanks very much for the questions. And let me give you some context on GARDASIL then I'll get specific to males. So we had 31% growth. If you look at the U.S. sales, we had 25% year-over-year growth, and a lot of that, we believe, is due to continued uptake by the male indication. Outside the U.S., we had about 46% growth, and that was due to the timing, in some part, of the public sector sales in Canada, Mexico and Colombia. If you look at our share globally, we've got over an 80% share, and in the U.S., we have greater than 95% share. If you look at the males, we are seeing nice uptake by males, and we have private sector data -- so we don't have data for everything, but in the private sector data, it suggests that about 55% of our first doses are being administered in males. That's now, therefore, exceeding the number of first doses for females for the first time. We think that there's still good opportunity to grow. If you look at the male indication, the ramp-up in sales has been slower than what we saw initially with a ramp-up for females. So we don't expect to see significant declines in that population. If you look at the emerging markets, I look year-over-year. I think you have to be careful looking at sequential trends, particularly because of tenders and government purchases and so forth. So as I said before, there tends to be lumpiness as you go through the quarters in the emerging markets because of the way in which the governments and the tenders move forward. I think that we have the potential for good growth in emerging markets. We're very pleased having 15% growth x ForEx versus the prior year, and I think we have good momentum, and we expect to keep that momentum.
Adam H. Schechter: So, why don't I start with REMICADE, Tim? So first of all, I think it's unclear how Celltrion's biosimilar will impact REMICADE. We have REMICADE patent protected in the major EU countries, where the vast majority of sales aren't till late 2014. We filed for pediatric market exclusivity in the EU based upon the new pediatric indications, and we're hoping that they may bring exclusivity to 2015. But when you think about biosimilars, we expect the impact in the first few years in any of these countries to be relatively slow for the following reasons: these will be the first monoclonal antibody biosimilars approved in EU. In general, we don't believe that they're going to take patients off of their current therapy. We think that the product will be limited to new patients, they won't switch if patients are controlled. And then you're going to need to have mechanisms for approval for reimbursement, for physician familiarity, because it's not going to be necessarily therapeutically substitutable. So it's going to take a lot of support and promotion to be successful in the marketplace. So we continue to watch it and monitor it well. But at this point, we feel confident that we'll continue to be successful with REMICADE and SIMPONI.
Adam H. Schechter: And let me, Mark, give you some context on ZOSTAVAX x U.S. Right now, the majority of sales are in the United States. We're pleased with the launch in United States and Canada, but Canada only represents about $10 million of the ZOSTAVAX sales for the quarter. But we want to make sure we continue to invest in markets outside the U.S. Our top priority is to ensure uninterrupted supply where we launch, and we continue to build the inventory to support the anticipated demand. So when we launch into a country, we want to make sure that we will have enough supply to continue to be able to supply that country. We're planning additional launches in certain x U.S. markets beginning in 2013, and we'll let you know about those as we get closer. In terms of Durham, we're in the final stage of review and approval process, and we continue to expect approval in early 2013. But for the U.S. market and Canada right now, we're comfortable that we have the supply for those markets, and we'll keep you informed as we move forward outside the U.S.
Adam H. Schechter: So Greg, let me start with the once-weekly first. And as you think about the profile of the DPP-4s, and in particular, drugs like JANUVIA, you can see that with the efficacy profile, the safety profile and the uptake of those products that there's a lot of need for new diabetes products in the marketplace. As we start to think about where the current drugs are positioned, in general, they're positioned after metformin in patients that are already being treated. In addition to that, still 37% of patients are taking sulfonylureas. As we think about the once-weekly DPP-4s, a question that, I think, will come to fruition is will physicians utilize a once-weekly product prior to metformin? This is a reason, if you have a younger, active, more healthy patient with diabetes, wouldn't you want to use a once-weekly product in that patient?  And therefore, I think it could represent additional opportunity above and beyond where JANUVIA is positioned today. And our market research is starting to demonstrate that there is a high likelihood that physicians will consider a once-weekly product for earlier treatment than where the current DPP-4s are utilized.
Adam H. Schechter: So with regard to REMICADE, we had -- and you look at REMICADE and SIMPONI together, we had about 4% growth versus prior year. REMICADE sales were about $500 million in the third quarter, and it was a decline x FX of just over 10%. When you think about the austerity measures and the fact that we're competing primarily in major European markets, they're looking at the anti-TNF class as a way to reduce costs. So we continue to have a very good share of REMICADE, but there's been some real pricing pressure that we faced in Europe on that product. SIMPONI represents a growth opportunity, where with SIMPONI, we have 80 -- over $89 million of sales for the quarter. We are launching in France, which is a large market for this class. We're competing with the other anti-TNFs in the subcutaneous marketplace.  And therefore, I think that we'll be able to show growth as we move forward utilizing SIMPONI with France, but also the reintroduction of the auto-injector in Germany for that product.
Adam H. Schechter: So with regard to TREDAPTIVE, there's still a substantial residual CV risk in the marketplace of about 65%, and this is -- remains a very large market. One share point in the U.S. is still about $400 million. And if you just look at niacin alone, it's about $1 billion despite the tolerability profile of niacin. We have data that demonstrates less flushing with TREDAPTIVE than with niacin, and we've got some good data looking at the flushing and the incidence of flushing. If you look at the HPS2-THRIVE trial, it's well powered to detect a 15% improvement in the time to first cardiovascular event. We believe that a 20% reduction in LDL cholesterol and other lipid benefits, such as an 18% increase in HDL cholesterol, which is what we've seen in prior trials, will support the science behind TREDAPTIVE. And we believe that if you get a positive outcomes trial, which is what we expect for HPS2-THRIVE, then we could have a real place in the market to help reduce the residual risk that currently exists at 65%.
Adam H. Schechter: I'll take the HCV question, Michael. So in the short term, obviously, we're looking to maximize the VICTRELIS opportunity. We're also aggressively pursuing new, more convenient interferon-free therapies, and we're focusing on K-5172, either in combination with internal candidates like 8742, which is our NS5A in Phase I, there'll be more data presented at AASLD on our NS5A, or a partnership with others.  And our goal is to develop an all-oral regimen that maximizes sBR, that shortens duration of treatment and minimizes side effects. If you look at clinicaltrials.gov you can see that there's a study that's planned to evaluate 12- and 24-week regimens of MK-5172 in combination with ribavirin, and that's in treatment-naïve patients with genotype 1 infection and also an IL-28 CC genotype. And we think that MK-5172 could have an unprecedented profile and be the partner of protease inhibitor of choice for all-oral combination regimens, and that's what we hope. You'll see that there's new Phase IIb data for MK-5172 with peg/riba at AASLD in just a few weeks as well.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay. And also on MK-3222, we expect to begin Phase III trials in psoriasis either late this year or early next year. This is a drug that we have great -- a great deal of excitement about. We think that this is a disease where there continues to be a great deal of unmet medical need going forward. We had a Phase II program that -- based on the study that we had there, we feel that there's value for moderate to severe chronic psoriasis patients, and so we look forward to learning more about this drug as we move forward. And the anti-IL 23 psoriasis program, which is a monoclonal antibody, is one that we look forward to.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Chris, thanks for your question on capital deployment. I think, first of all, we do have a very strong balance sheet and we have the ability to do deals when we see them. Our goal is to always look for the best external R&D opportunities that are out there, but we also want to access them at a price at which we can create value for our shareholders. And from our standpoint, a deal like the one we just did with AiCuris for late-stage antiviral candidate is the kind of thing that we want to continue to do. We will look for opportunities, but we want to temper the aggressiveness with being really smart in how we invest our cash for growth. The other obligation we have, obviously, is to continue to return cash to investors in a way that is actually appropriate to where we are. So I would say the first objective is to continue to do smart deals where they can add value to the long term, and the second one is return cash to shareholders.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Well, I would have to say, David, there's really nothing new to report. What we know is that there will be an additional review of 9 months of adjudicated data, and that's been scheduled for March 2013. We are confident in the study, and we continue to look forward to a good outcome.
Kenneth C. Frazier: And Tim, with respect to your general question about MBV, I would say that we have a number of biosimilar molecules in earlier -- early development. They include Rituxan and Enbrel, which we're prioritizing. We're also prioritizing other candidates across our portfolio, both the biosimilars as well as the novel biologics, like we talked about IL-23 a little while ago. So what we are trying to do is to continually -- continue to look at our investments to select the molecules that have the highest potential relative to development costs, the ones where we think we have the highest probability of technical success and, of course, the molecules where we also think we have the highest probability of being one of the early first movers at the time of patent expiry. Turning to odanacatib, I can only say that there's nothing new to report at this time. We're waiting for the trial to close out, and we will have more data for that to present in 2013.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So let me start with the long-term guidance question and just say that at this time, there's no intention to reinstate long-term guidance.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So Jami, thanks for the questions. We expect the trial to complete this year, and we expect to present the data sometime in 2013.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Thanks for the question, Steve. What I said thus far really relates to what we anticipated doing in 2012, and we've done what we've said, essentially that we wanted to maintain the top line at or above -- at or about the 2011 levels, and we've done that in 2012. We have not given any guidance yet for 2013 for revenue or anything else. We will do that on our fourth quarter call. We are also excited about BACE. Alzheimer's disease, first of all, is a priority area for Merck, and it's something important for us. We're planning to begin Phase II trials later this year, and we'll be able to provide more details at that time about what the trial will involve. And I just have to say stay tuned, but we share your excitement about this particular compound and the opportunity that we have in terms of Alzheimer's disease.
Kenneth C. Frazier: On Animal Health, as we said before, our third quarter sales were 7% x exchange. Year-to-date, we're up about 10% x exchange. So we thought we saw, if you put aside currency, pretty strong quarterly performance of our cattle, our poultry and our companion animal and our fish businesses. So we are pretty excited about that. With respect to the questions about the DEFINE Extension Study, we are moving forward with our program. We don't anticipate filing on the basis of that data. The filing will be based on the data from the REVEAL Study, which is ongoing, which, you will remember, is a 30,000-patient study. And the good news for us is we are more than 2/3 enrolled on the REVEAL Study. So we continue to move forward with that program, and we remain very committed to that development program for both anacetrapib as well as TREDAPTIVE.
Kenneth C. Frazier: On TREDAPTIVE, I would say there hasn't been any slippages that relates to the timing of the trial. We're waiting for the trial to conclude. We expect it to conclude by the end of 2012. We expect to be able to present the data sometime in 2013. Our normal preference is to wait for presentation at clinical conferences. And as it relates to business development, I wouldn't say that, that would be a driver for our business, that development activity. We try to be proactive in business development across the therapeutic areas where we want to be focused, and so we'll continue to do that.
Kenneth C. Frazier: And with respect to our BACE program, as I said before, we're planning to begin Phase II trials later this year and we'll be able to provide more details at the time the trial begins. But I will reiterate again, we're excited about this program. Alzheimer's disease is a priority area for the company, and the amyloid hypothesis remains a leading approach for disease modification for Alzheimer's disease. MK-8931, it appears, it can reduce cerebrospinal fluid, A beta peptides by greater than 90% in healthy volunteers without dose-limiting side effects. And so we will continue to study this drug as we move forward, and we have a tremendous opportunity to design clinical programs that allow us to exploit it across a variety of patients.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Yes. So first of all, we think there's a tremendous opportunity for another once-weekly oral regimen. It has no special requirements in terms of how people take it or use it. There's a tremendous market need, there are 200 million women worldwide and only 20% of them are treatment -- treated. Remember, it was a $10 billion market prior to generic FOSAMAX, and we see bisphosphonate use declining. And on top of that, approximately 25% of people can't tolerate bisphosphonates anyway. So now you have a unique mechanism. It also shows positive data trends beyond FOSAMAX, and we're looking forward to the publication of our fracture outcome trial, because we think this is a product that could have tremendous usefulness in the marketplace.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay. So let me say a few things in closing. First of all, I want to say that I believe we should target a very strong operational performance in the third quarter, but more importantly, looking forward, our strategy is right on track. We said that we would continue advancing our pipeline, and that's exactly what we're doing on a number of important fronts. We said we would maintain sales at or near the 2011 levels, and we were able to do that. The important thing is that our underlying portfolio, including products like JANUVIA, JANUMET, ISENTRESS, GARDASIL, ZOSTAVAX and SIMPONI, is continuing to grow very strongly. We continue to grow strongly in the emerging markets, perhaps the strongest growth across the entire industry in the emerging markets. We continue to reduce costs in targeted ways so that we can continue to invest in our future growth, including the pipeline. So in the long run, what I think we are doing is we're setting ourselves up to create shareholder value in the long term, and we're very excited by the period of time we're going into, a period of time where we will be bringing new products to the market. So thank you very much, and I look forward to speaking to you soon.
