Ken Frazier: Well, let me start by saying that as a company, we are focused on following the science and coming up with innovative products that make a big difference. We are not saying we're going to be totally a specialty company or vaccines company or primary care company. What we actually want to do is to make sure that we take advantage of the best opportunities. Right now, in oncology, the current growth is largely driven by that. But if you look at our pipeline, things like for example, the pneumococcal vaccines are things that are essentially primary care type products. So I would say we haven't committed ourselves to one area of medicine. It has always been helpful to us to follow the science. And we're going to continue to do that going forward.
Ken Frazier: Okay. And on the business development side, I would just say that, first of all, last year, we were very active. We did about 60 transactions spanning licensing, technology deals and clinical collaborations. As we said before, our goal is to find the best scientific opportunities that we can. Our balance sheet gives us the opportunity to look across the entire spectrum of opportunities. But we've also been very clear that while we look at everything, what most appetizing to us are the bolt-on deals because we believe that the least disruptive thing from an R&D standpoint. I would also comment that while the end of last year, we felt valuations were going in the right direction with the first quarter 2019 market recovery, assets being more fully valued. And as we look forward, we continue to say we have to be disciplined and look for those opportunities where we can create value going forward. Thank you.
Ken Frazier: On the international price index situation, so we have, first of all, we submitted our comments. We continue to see that it's not the best approach to dealing with the major problem that we have with patient out-of-pocket cost. I think we are much better approaching. I think it's still early days. I don't know exactly how these kinds of things will be implemented a number of proposals out there, as you know, involving healthcare reform in this country. I would say that we negotiate as much as we can in ex-U.S. markets for the value that we believe that we can bring. And I don't think anyone's opposition that -- by doing that, it's going to improve our ability to negotiate in Europe is really the right thing. Finally, I would say that we've looked at some of the calculations in the report about KEYTRUDA. We're not sure it's actually the right one, but I will tell you that that we continue to focus on the strong data that makes KEYTRUDA a unique product across many indications.
Ken Frazier: So thank you for joining the call today. We are executing well across our business and we remain confident in our performance for the year and the long-term. We look forward to discussing our pipeline and business in more detail at our Investor Day in June. Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: And with regards to China -- good morning, this is Frank. We're one very excited about the overall opportunity in China as we demonstrated, as Rob mentioned, 67% growth versus prior year. Specifically with KEYTRUDA, last year we received our second-line melanoma indication in China, and as Roger mentioned, we just received our first-line lung indication with the combination with chemotherapy. We're really excited about the opportunity in China. We will be working through the NRDL listing process with the Chinese regulators. And given the timing of our lung approval, we'll have to see if NRDL listing is a possibility this year. A listing would open up an exciting opportunity to expand volumes. But even without that, we feel that we're very well positioned for with KEYTRUDA in China with the only PD-1 that has a first-line lung cancer indication. And we feel as though the breath of our program as you've seen in other markets, we plan to bring additional indications to China, which we think positions us very well for future growth.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. So on the first question, this is Frank, with regards to KEYTRUDA, we're really focused on our overall strong underlying demand in the U.S. and outside the U.S. in our strong data. We haven't shared with regards to net pricing outside the U.S. With regards to China, we see the opportunity as very significant. If you look at the lung market in particular, the 600,000 to 700,000 lung cancer patients in China, half of them have a driver mutation, and we think a couple hundred thousand of those patients are available for treatment with our overall KEYNOTE-189 regimen. So we see China is a very significant opportunity of growth going forward. And we're very pleased that we're rolling out our new lung cancer indication.
Frank Clyburn: So KEYNOTE-042, we see as a very positive advancement for our position in non-small cell lung cancer. As Roger mentioned, our new indication is based on -- for patients who are not candidates for surgical resection or definitive chemo radiation. So it gives us an entry in the Stage 3 patients. It's a smaller subset of Stage 3 patients based on our indication, but an important indication for us to expand into non-small cell lung cancer. The other aspect of 42 does allow us. It allows to bringing all PD-L1 positive patients in the metastatic setting that would look for a monotherapy option. And there are patients that look for monotherapy options may be based off of their performance status or other co-morbidities. We see this as an important opportunity as well. So we're very pleased that KEYNOTE-042 helps to round out our overall lung story and positions us very strong for future growth in lung.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. So KEYTRUDA sales, as we've mentioned, were $2.3 billion this quarter of 60% growth year-over-year as exchange. And what I tend to look at is what's happening from an underlying demand perspective. And when you look both versus prior year and sequentially, we're seeing very good continued underlying demand. You will see quarter-to-quarter some fluctuations based on some inventory movements. But overall, I think that we feel very good about how we're seeing the demand ramp. And in particular, we're seeing strong overall demand with regard to our lung cancer indications both in non-squamous claims and squamous cell carcinoma non-small cell lung cancer. In fact, in squamous cell lung cancer, we're seeing our market shares exceed 75% for new patients. So we've become the standard of care in that subset of patients. We also are feeling very excited about the opportunities outside of lung. In the U.S., as Roger mentioned, we have our new indication now based off of KEYNOTE-426 and renal cell carcinoma. We see that as a very significant opportunity for future growth. As well as Roger also highlighted KEYNOTE-48 with a PDUFA date coming up in June, for head and neck cancer, and we have market leadership position in head and neck and later lines of therapy. And we're very excited about KEYNOTE-48. In addition to lapping, I mention is outside the U.S. as we've been saying, we see significant opportunities based on some of the continued rollouts in Japan and China and in Europe. So we're very confident about the KEYTRUDA ramp and feature growth prospects going forward.
Frank Clyburn: Geoff, in the U.S. and lung, we're seeing is with regards to share, you have to take out patients that do not have EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. So we see our market shares somewhere in the low 70% share for the non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer segment. So we see very strong penetration, Geoff, within PD-L1 positive patients. The 15 above segment which we're pretty much getting all of those patients in the 145, we have penetrated very significantly. We still have opportunity for growth in the PD-L1 negative patient population. And that's a focus for the commercial team. So I do see that as being the opportunity we'll continue to educate, in particular the community physicians in the U.S. with regards to lung. As I mentioned with regards to the squamous non-small cell lung cancer patient population, we have penetrated that very rapidly over three quarters. Those patients are now being treated with a chemo combo regiment or with monotherapy. So we still see growth for squamous, but clearly we have penetrated that segment very rapidly. And as I mentioned before, we are very excited not only about lung, but all the other indications that I spoke about, and Roger spoke about that are upcoming new launches for us in the U.S.
Frank Clyburn: So with regards to China, we see China is a very significant opportunity for us. As we mentioned, we're seeing very strong growth. And I think, for us, what's important is we have pivoted to innovation in China. And this has always been a part of our overall strategy at Merck. So when you think about the launches right now in China of GARDASIL, of KEYTRUDA, LYNPARZA, LENVIMA, BRIDION, JANUVIA has just now received an NRDL listing. We see significant opportunity for China across a number of products within our innovative portfolio.
Frank Clyburn: And with regards to KEYTRUDA, as I mentioned, with the brand that is now of this size, you're going to see some slight movements with regards to channel quarter-to-quarter. We're focused, as I mentioned, really on the strong underlying demand that we're seeing in our major indication, as well as the future indications we're prepared to launch.
Frank Clyburn: So on the -- let me start with the estimated sales in the U.S. by indication. We usually provide that out. So 65% of our sales in the U.S. are lung, 10% are approximately melanoma, and neck represents about 5%. And as I mentioned, we're very excited about the opportunity we have upcoming in head and neck, bladder represents about 5%. MSI-High is become a very important indication for us represents about 5%, and all others approximately 10%. Going back to your question on China, we believe oncology is really a data-driven area, Alex, given the severity of the disease. If you look right now what's been accomplished with KEYTRUDA, and we've always said that this wall of data is going to be important. And I think it's going to be very important for us in China as well. When you think about 18 indications across 11 different tumor types, we believe that this continues to differentiate us in the marketplace. China will clearly be a competitive market. But our first mover advantage with the first-line lung cancer approval, we think sets us up very well. And the local players in China do not have an approved indication right now in first-line lung nor have they conducted or achieve the results of a trial like KEYNOTE-189. So our strategy as we've seen in the U.S. right now, there are five additional competitors there. And we believe our clinical execution and commercial execution and our significant amount of data will help us to compete in China as well as any other market around the world.
Frank Clyburn: On Slide 22, yes, of course, the study is supervised by an external data monitoring committee, and they will be evaluating that it's event-driven. My expectation is that it is possible for sure that we could see some review from them. There was a previous interim which led to the study continuing and our expectation is that there will be an opportunity to see additional data. But I can't speak to what those data will be. And as soon as we know, we'll have the opportunity to announce it. That's basically they're in control.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: 8591 has extraordinary properties as you appreciate both in terms of its potency and in terms of the duration of its effects. We have had the opportunity to present some of those data in the past, but we're now getting -- we'll have a chance to look at significant Phase 2 studies of long duration. I'm quite optimistic actually, that we're going to see very good responses in that setting in that that will lead to Phase 3 programs. Over time, I think the real advantage of 8591 -- this has ability to be put into a long-term format as potentially an implantable that could provide enormous benefits from pre-exposure prophylaxis point of view, but as well, dramatically simplify the treatment regimen for patients who are already infected with HIV in order to achieve long-term viral suppression. So we're going to be looking at those results of Phase 2 results very soon and have the opportunity to present them. And I think that will lead to much larger studies. And we're quite enthusiastic about 8591.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: With regards to KEYTRUDA outside the U.S. and Europe, in particular, first, we're very pleased. We sold close to $985 million this quarter and had growth of almost 69% versus prior year outside the U.S. So we're very pleased with our progress. In lung, specifically, lung represents about 70% of our sales outside the U.S. We have access right now in Germany and many of the mid-European markets. We're still working on access in several of the other large European markets for reimbursements, which we expect will come on line hopefully in the second half of this year. So our overall momentum where we have first-line lung approval for monotherapy is very strong with a leader clearly in lung, in that setting. The chemo combination has helped us to ramp, as I mentioned. And we have market leading shares in the markets -- in Europe there and then look forward to the second half of the year where we'll see additional reimbursement additional markets come onboard for access. So we're very pleased with where we are in Europe and outside the U.S. with regards to lung.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: So first of all, we're not inexperienced in the pneumococcal disease market. And we have had pneumovax on the market for decades. This is an area that we know extremely well. The pneumococcal conjugate vaccines have been in development for more than 20 years in our laboratories. In fact, I started these programs through my first tour of duty long time ago. And so we've learned a great deal about how to make these vaccines and make them very efficacious. And particular, we've learned about balancing stereotypes in order to provide the broadest possible response. Over time, our program, which includes not just V114, but others as well, will become an important contributor to human health and protection from pneumococcal disease -- invasive pneumococcal disease both in adults and in the pediatric population. So you'll see that evolve over a period of years. It's going to be an important contributor, no doubt.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: So in immune design, there were two principal assets and both of high interest to us. I mean, the first is the molecular defined Adjuvant -- Gilead Adjuvant, which we believe could be beneficial for some of our newer vaccines that require Adjuvant and as well for some of the older vaccines where there's a design to get to less of a fewer -- a smaller number of vaccinations. So we're looking at those things very carefully. The Adjuvant has been in thousands of people. And so we already understand its safety profile quite well. So that's good. And the second thing is the lentivirus vaccine, which is unique from several perspectives. The first is its selective targeting of dendritic cells. The second is its high carrying capacity. And the third is that it has already a substantial amount of clinical exposure demonstrating that it actually stimulates an immune response. That can be applied to neoantigens, but it can also be applied, as they have, to more conventional cancer testis antigens, which are often forgotten about. But I think may -- someday have their day in the sun. So we're looking forward to pursuing those kinds of approaches in the combination with other immune modulators that we've already developed.
Dr. Roger Perlmutter: So as I mentioned in China, for us, we have pivoted to more of the innovative products that are driving our growth Gardasil, KEYTRUDA, BRIDION, LYNPARZA and LENVIMA. So we feel that we are very well positioned, and that's going to help us to continue to see growth. We will likely see some impact from some of the older products based on some of the pricing initiatives that are underway in China and some of the provinces. So while we may see some bumping us along the way, we have shifted the majority of our portfolio. Approximately 60% to 70% of it is now is focused on innovative products. So we feel as though that positions us very well not only in the near-term, but for the long-term growth in China.
