Ken Frazier: I’d like to turn it over to Peter, but just to reiterate, we continue to believe in the future benefit that’s possibly associated with coming forward with both of those drugs. So let me turn it over to Peter.
Ken Frazier: As we said earlier, the decision that’s been made with regard to odanacatib is to include data from the extension study when we file for regulatory approvals. And we continue to believe in the potential of this drug to meet the unmet needs that exist for patients with osteoporosis. And we look forward to filing it in 2014. So I think that’s the most that we can say about that.
Ken Frazier: As it relates to our animal health business, I think you could see from this quarter’s performance, it’s a very strong contributor to Merck’s overall performance. And from our perspective, we are committed to this business. We think it’s a good fit with our overall business. The research that we do and vaccines and other parts of our business we think actually dovetail nicely with this business, and I think as we stand here today, we think it’s a very good profitable business, and one that actually contributes very strongly to Merck while remaining in its own right one of the leaders in the animal health space.
Ken Frazier: Let me start with the second part first. When we look out across the spectrum of opportunities, we try to find the best science that we can find. Historically, I think we’ve done our best work in the early stages in identifying targets and projects that are more on the early side of the spectrum. But as we’ve shown this year, we are willing to do late-stage deals. We will do them when we are interested in competing in that area and maintaining leadership in that area, and where we think there’s significant shareholder value to be obtained. And I’ll just turn it over to Peter there.
Ken Frazier: Okay, let me close out by thanking you all for your attention this morning. I’ll make a few points in closing. Merck did have a very strong fourth quarter, and a good year overall. Looking forward to this year, we expect that our underlying operating momentum will allow us to continue to maintain our full year 2013 revenues near 2012 levels on a constant currency basis. We’re also committed to remaining focused on our core strategy and executing it, including advancing and augmenting our pipeline, and today’s news that we’ve decided to include data from the extension study in our filing for regulatory approvals should be one that doesn’t cause you to be confused about our commitment. And I’d like to underscore that we continue to believe in the potential of odanacatib to address unmet medical needs for patients in osteoporosis, and we also look forward to advancing additional filings and to approvals this year for suvorexant, vintafolide, Atozet, as well as the sugammadex compound which is marketed as Bridion. So thank you very much, and we look forward to speaking to you soon.
Peter Kellogg: Tim, as you know, in July we announced that the data monitoring committee, the DMC, for the study completed its first planned interim analysis. And they recommended that the study be closed early due to robust efficacy and a favorable benefit-risk profile. And as a result of that, we made the decision to begin to take steps to close out the pivotal trial. And as you note, we also said that the DMC noted that safety issues remain in certain select areas, and that they made recommendations with respect to following up on them. At that point, we reiterated the fact that our previously announced plan to conduct a blinded extension trial would allow us to further monitor these issues, as well as to continue to measure efficacy. And really, at this point in time, that’s all we can say. We are going to be conducting, as I said, that extension trial in a double-blinded manner, and we anticipate filing in 2014. With regard to Atozet, the combination of Zetia with atorvastatin, what I would say there is that that file has now gone in. It is a refilling as we have now conducted the clinical efficacy study to show that with regard to clinical efficacy, we have bioequivalence to the individual components alone. And of course the individual combination of Zetia with atorvastatin is something that is on the label. It is currently being used, and so what we’re talking about is a combination of convenience. And with regard to IMPROVE-IT, you’re correct, the data monitoring committee for IMPROVE-IT, as you know, requested that there be another interim analysis. That interim analysis is currently scheduled for March, and we’ll see what happens there. With regard to confidence, I’ll just reiterate, as I have before, that we are very confident that lowering LDL cholesterol is a good thing to do for cardiovascular health.
Peter Kellogg: You’re correct that in July we said that we anticipated filing odanacatib in 2013. As I said, we’ve just recently received the data from the pivotal study. We do not have any data from the ongoing extension study. But we have made the decision to include data from the extension study in our filings for regulatory approvals. And so that’s really what I can say about that. With regard to PD1, I’ll begin by saying that this is a very exciting mechanism, and that actually unleashing the immune system so that it can now attack tumors is a very exciting area of research, and we are certainly excited about our PD1 inhibitor NK475, which is still early in development, but which has shown significant improvement in patient outcomes. We reported recently on, I think, 85 melanoma patients that were on our monotherapy. And we saw a 51% objective anti-tumor response. And so that’s really what we know right now. We have not made a final decision as to what it is that we’re going to be presenting this year, although I certainly anticipate that we will present additional data at the ASCO meeting as we move forward. And so I’ll just say stay tuned. We certainly are very excited by this program. We’re pleased with the data that we’ve seen to date, and we do anticipate presenting additional data later this year. With regard to the base inhibitor, which as you also know we’re very excited about, the key developments from 2012 were first of all that we were able to show that one can lower CSF A beta levels in people by over 90%, without having untoward effects. And that was a new result. Really we had not known previously if you could lower CSF A beta by those sorts of levels, and not have something show up which was untoward. And so that then gave us the confidence to kick off a Phase II/III outcomes trial in Alzheimer’s patients. And that has now started. The design of that trial is to begin by enrolling an initial cohort of patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer’s disease, and then after a set period of time to look for any safety issues that would preclude us from moving forward to Phase III. And absent any of those safety issues that would preclude us from moving into Phase III, to then move in a seamless manner into Phase III in the mild to moderate patient population. At the same time, such a move would kick off our plans to conduct the study in what’s called the prodromal patient population. And the prodromal population are basically patients with mild cognitive impairment for MCI that, as judged by biomarkers, have a higher propensity to progress to Alzheimer’s disease, to frank Alzheimer’s disease, in a shorter period of time. And as you may have seen, we announced a deal with GE to use their PET ligand to identify patients with MCI that fall into this prodromal category, and we will use their PET ligand and take advantage of the infrastructure that they’re helping to establish to allow us to enroll a prodromal Phase III study with our base inhibitor. And so that’s really the upshot of where things exist. We will conduct an interim analysis of the safety cohort as I said, and we expect this interim analysis of the safety cohort to occur by the end of 2013.
Peter Kellogg: I believe the question is related to the manufacturing network, and where we stand. I’ll just go back quickly to the time of the merger, where we had 93 plants globally across all of our businesses. That’s pharma, animal health, and consumer. And at this point, we currently operate in 75 sites around the world, so you can see that we’ve obviously made a fair bit of progress on the network rationalization. And we’re working on plans to further reduce the size of our footprint. But those plans will take some time to implement. As we’ve always said, we’re three years, roughly, into the merger. Some of the items that we synergize and get benefit from come in the first couple of years, but that we think the manufacturing network - we always have said kind of manufacturing and IT type of items - take more like four or five or six years. So at this point, we think our network consolidation effort will continue into 2016 program at this point. So much work still to be done, but I think really good progress by the manufacturing network team and we’ll be getting benefits from those hard efforts.
Adam Schechter: And the thing I also want to remind you is that there’s 200 million worldwide with osteoporosis, and only 20% of them are treated today. It’s a $10 billion market prior to generic Fosamax. And if you’ll remember, about 25% of patients can’t even tolerate the bisphosphonates and bisphosphonate use is declining. So it remains a very big, important market.
Adam Schechter: And Mark, just to add some context from a marketing perspective, if you look at the worldwide psoriasis market, it’s expected to grow from about $4.5 billion in 2011 to almost $8 billion in 2018. It affects about 2-3% of the global population. And if you look at the patients that are impacted, about 25% of them suffer moderate to severe disease that could require potentially more aggressive treatment with phototherapy or systemic therapy. And if you look at, even with the advances of anti-TNFs, and the fact that it’s the non-life-threatening nature of psoriasis, we think that additional systemic agents that can have an improved risk-benefit profile potentially, compared to the current biologics, would represent a very significant opportunity.
Adam Schechter: A few thoughts on emerging markets. We continue to believe that there’s significant potential for growth in the emerging markets. And our strategy has been one to make sure that we maximize our current core brands, which includes our diversified brands, our large in-line brands, and also our launch brands. But in addition to that, we believe there’s potential growth opportunities from joint ventures in some of these markets. And we’ve formed multiple joint ventures of which two are up and running as we speak. If you look in China, we have a joint venture with Simcere, and I attended the launch meeting where we had several hundred sales representatives for that joint venture. Very motivated, very energized, and working across both companies in order to maximize some of the diversified brands. If you look in Brazil, we have our joint venture with Supera up and running, and there again we have a very sizable sales force that’s really working together on diversified brands. When I think about them, I think of them as part of our ability to continue our momentum in the emerging markets. I don’t think of it as a step change, where you should start to see a big increase at any point in time. Instead, it’s the way in which we’re running our business. It allows us to continue to grow, and our goal has been, and will continue to be, to grow faster than the overall market in each of the markets that we compete in the emerging markets. And I believe that the joint ventures will allow us to continue to be successful and continue the momentum we have in those markets.
Adam Schechter: Let me start with suvorexant. We’re not going to comment on the file specifically, but when I think about suvorexant, the first thing to realize is this is a significant need. About 30% of the population has sleep issues. And 30% are chronically treated. It represents about 60% of prescriptions. And we’ve seen, and we’ve heard through market research, multiple times, that patients are unsatisfied with the existing therapies, that they believe there are residual effects and reduced efficacy over time. And it’s a big market. If you look at the branded drugs, prior to patent expiries, it was a multi-billion dollar market. So we believe that a new product like suvorexant coming into the marketplace could really have a significant impact and be an important product for these many patients that are suffering from the inability to sleep. Regarding the AIT, the allergy immunotherapy, there’s about 30 million moderate to severe allergy sufferers in the U.S. alone, and that’s per year. And about 3 million of those receive immunotherapy shots. Of the ones that are receiving the immunotherapy shots, only 50% of them are still on the medicine 12 months after initiation of therapy. So there’s a lot of dissatisfaction. The people do not like getting the shots. They don’t typically go back over a long period of time. So we view a daily sublingual AIT immunotherapy as an alternative to shots as a potential opportunity to increase not only the number of patients that come into the market willing to take a product for their allergy but also those that will take it over a more sustained period of time.
Peter Kim: I hope you understand that really I’m not trying to be difficult. It’s just that our plans to present the data really are dependent on our need to maintain the blind so that we can file this file. And so therefore, we’re really not in a position to speak to additional information on safety or efficacy as we move forward here. With regard to PD1, as I said, this is something that we are excited about. We are excited about the profile of our molecule, MK3475, and what we’ve seen so far. In terms of how far behind we are, I think we’re very committed to this program. I’m not really going to speak to the competitors’ programs, except to say that obviously we are very interested in being very competitive in this arena. In terms of our commitment to PD1, I can tell you that we are very committed to this mechanism and to this molecule. You know that we have already shown results on melanoma. We have started a very large Phase II study, which, as you can see on clinicaltrials.gov, involves over 500 patients. We have a study in non-small-cell lung cancer, which is currently in Phase I. And without going into any details, for competitive reasons, we are very interested in being smart about what additional indications we move into, and that’s something that is certainly of great interest.
Peter Kim: With regard to odanacatib, as I said, we received the data and the decision to wait and include data from the extension study in our filings was a decision that was made internally by Merck, in consultation with a small number of external experts, and not something that was done in consultation with the FDA. So that’s an internal decision that we made. With regard to psoriasis, this is an anti-IL-23 antibody, and it is one that we have, as obviously we’ve gotten good results in psoriasis, which is why it is that we’re moving forward into Phase III. The proof of principle for this mechanism, the IL-23, actually comes from another drug that’s currently marketed, and that’s STELARA, or ustekinumab, which works by blocking both IL-23 and IL-12. In contrast to that drug, which blocks both IL-23 and IL-12, our drug is specific for blocking just IL-23. And there are theoretical issues having to do with preclinical studies and genetic studies and preclinical animals which point to two specific infections that are at increased risk in preclinical studies, including mycobacterium tuberculosis and salmonella infections. And I want to emphasize these are preclinical studies, but what we’re trying to do here is develop an antibody which is more specific and targets the cytokine that’s important in psoriasis, namely IL-23, and do so in a specific manner.
Peter Kim: Mark, really what I can say is that we’ve seen the data of the pivotal trial. And we’ve studied the data from the pivotal trial, and we’ve made the decision to include data from the extension study in our filings for regulatory approval. And I’ll just reiterate again that we continue to believe in the potential of odanacatib in patients with osteoporosis and look forward to filing that in 2014.
Peter Kim: As you point out, this is a fast-moving field. We certainly are aggressively pursuing new and more convenient and interferon-free therapies. Our focus is on MK5172, our protease inhibitor, which we think is going to be the cornerstone of treatment regimens moving forward. And we’re interested in using that drug in combination with either internal candidates like MK8742, our NS5A inhibitor, or in partnership with others. And I’ll just emphasize that our goal is to develop an all-oral regimen that maximizes SVR and shortens the duration of therapy and minimizes side effects. We recently announced, and you can see it on clinicaltrials.gov, two new clinical trials. The first is a 12-week regimen that contains MK5172, a potent protease inhibitor, as well as MK8742, which is our oral NS5A inhibitor, plus or minus ribavirin. And that’s in HCV genotype 1 patients. And the second trial that we announced, and that’s posted right now, that we’re going to conduct, is a study of MK5172 alone in combination with ribavirin, in either 12- or 24-week regimens. And for this trial, we’re conducting this in HCV genotype 1 patients with an IL-28CC genotype, the point being that if we’re not able to achieve [SCR] with these patients, because they have an IL-28CC genotype, they’re at a much-higher propensity of being cured using the normal Peg/Riba regimen. And so, together with the FDA, we worked out a strategy by which we can actually test a much more aggressive regimen, which is MK5172 alone with ribavirin in patients. And of course we also have our other protease inhibitor, MK7009, that’s ongoing in Japan and showing very good progression.
