Todd James: Thanks, and welcome everyone to our third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. The press release reporting our financial results, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast, are available on the Investors and Media page on the corporate website at www.acceleronpharma.com. Joining me for the call today are Habib Dable, our Chief Executive Officer; Robert Zeldin, our Chief Medical Officer; Kevin McLaughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; John Quisel, our Chief Business Officer; and Sujay Kango, our Chief Commercial Officer. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook in addition to regulatory and product development plans and research activities. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to materially differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent Form 10-K on file with the SEC. I would now like to turn the call over to Habib Dable, our Chief Executive Officer.
Todd James: Hey, Carter, it's Todd. I would just add about the baseline demographics. We targeted patients based off of the muscle scores for the trial that they see mild to moderate patients. So the patients wouldn't be too far gone that we couldn't provide an improvement with a therapy like an ACE-083 and so that's in line with the patient's they were involved in the trial. 
Todd James: Hey, it's Todd. As far as the primary endpoints for the Phase 2 depending on which cohort the patient's in whether it's the anemia only cohort. There we're looking for consecutive 12 weeks hemoglobin increase of a 1.5 gram or greater within the first 24 weeks or the six-month primary treatment period. And for the patients that have the 2 to 4 unit transfusion burden over a four-week period of time, there we are looking for transfusion independence or no transfusions over a 12 consecutive week period within that 24 week primary treatment period. So that's the main endpoints that you could expect to see when we do present results in the second half of the year.
Todd James: Yes. And it's the first. So if it's week 0 to 12 or 2 to 14 or 12 to 24 within that 24 week period, all those instances would be considered a responder within that 24 week period.
Todd James: Yes, that's right and whether it was the Sotatercept IST or MDS trials there we're looking for a consecutive eight-week, that's how we've done the endpoints over the treatment period.
Todd James: Hey, Gerard, it's Todd. As far as the communication plan for those results, hard to say have to go fall exactly at Congress or not but at the very least there would be a press release that discloses the results. As far as what you could expect it's a single ascending dose trial across I think five, six different doses and as safety as you can imagine anything if serious would absolutely be outlined. Typically, if things are just grade one, two we categorize them. If there are injection site reactions for example like we saw in part one, we would comment about that. And as far as the PD that you could expect to see, we're looking at potential increases in muscle volume of the quad which is very regular to do in this style of a trial. As far as if you can read anything in from the ACE-083 results to the 2494 results, I think it would be fairly difficult to do that, very distinct molecule of ACE-083, is locally acting agent that we can take very high therapeutic dose levels, inject it right into the target muscle and there we've seen in part one increases of 14 plus percent at the high doses, whereas a systemic agent like 2494 you most likely to see mid to high single digit increases at least agents whether it be Regeneron, [Nagarmab] that have come before us, have seen increases of that nature. And so yes don't think there's much read through from one to the other. As far as the binding affinity. I think I'd let John Quisel get into those details.
Todd James: Sure. Hey, Holly. It's Todd. Yes, we kicked off the COMMAND trial with our partner Celgene in late in the third quarter of last year. So as you can imagine in the first 6 to 12 months of trial that's all about getting sites up and running and obviously the initial patients into the trial, but as you get more sites on enrollment starts to pick up pretty quickly. So we're still in the early days here. As far as when you could expect data, we haven't guided to that today, but they are typically some initial forecast listed on clinical trials.gov for trials. End of Q&A
Habib Dable: Thank you, Todd, and good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. 2018 was an important year of Acceleron and I am extremely proud of the progress we've continued to make across our entire pipeline. 15 years after our founding, we have one of the most advanced TGF- beta super family based pipelines in the industry, focused on three disease areas. Hematology, Neuromuscular and Pulmonary.  Looking ahead 2019 and 2020 includes several key milestones for all of our programs, including the potential approval and commercial launch of our lead product candidate luspatercept in both the United States and Europe. We also expect important Phase 2 results from each of our ongoing trials in Neuromuscular and pulmonary disease.  Turning to our pipeline in Hematology along side our collaboration partner Celgene. We currently have multiple ongoing luspatercept trials in patients with anemia associated with myelodysplastic syndromes, or MDS and beta-thalassemia and myelofibrosis. In Neuromuscular, we have two Phase 2 trials of ACE-083in two diseases associated with focal muscle weakness, FSHD and CMT. Lastly in pulmonary both our PULSAR and SPECTRA trials are active and we'll be evaluating Sotatercept in patients with PAH. Focusing first on luspatercept, in the middle of last year we were excited to announce positive results from our pivotal Phase 3 trials, MEDALIST and BELIEVE in lower risk MDS and beta- thalassemia respectively. This set the stage for a very strong showing at ASH 2018 with luspatercept front and center. The Acceleron and Celgene teams did a phenomenal job planning and executing at this key Hematology Congress attended by more than 25,000 people. Among the key highlights at ASH, the top-line results from both MEDALIST and BELIEVE trials were reviewed and discussed at the meetings opening press conference along with only two other clinical trials. The BELIEVE trial presented by Dr. [Anika Capellini] from the University of Milan to a full room along with multiple ancillary rooms of attendee overflow. The MEDALIST trial, the first of six plenary presentations presented by Dr. Alan List from Moffitt Cancer Center to a main conference center room packed with over 10,000 meeting attendees. And both trials were selected from among thousands of scientific presentations at the meeting for Best of ASH honors distinguishing them as some of the biggest breakthroughs in hematology. Finally, with these important results in both MDS and beta -thalassemia, we and Celgene remain on track to submit regulatory marketing applications in the US and EU in the first half of 2019, starting with the submission of the VLA to the FDA expected in April. In addition to the patient population studied in the MEDALIST and BELIEVE trials, we have continued to expand the luspatercept's overall development plan with three additional trials already underway. This includes the COMMANDS Phase 3 trial and first-line lower risk MDS, the BEYOND Phase 2 trial in non -transfusion dependent beta- thalassemia and the Phase 2 trial in myelofibrosis, which recently reached its target enrollment of 70 patients. Patients with anemia associated with lower risk MDS, beta-thalassemia and myelofibrosis are in dire need of new therapies, with current treatment options larger limited to red blood cell transfusions and unapproved agents. Because of this significant unmet medical need, we in Celgene estimate annual global peak sales of luspatercept to exceed $2 billion for the MDS and beta -thalassemia indications alone. We also estimate as much as another $1 billion of global peak sales potential for the opportunity in myelofibrosis associated anemia. With our low to mid 20% tiered royalty rate and Celgene covering approximately 100% of the program cost, these peak sales estimates have the potential to translate to significant royalty revenue for Acceleron. As you would expect with an opportunity in an unmet need of this magnitude, the teams at Celgene and Acceleron remain highly focused on all upcoming regulatory and launch readiness activities along with continued clinical trial execution and expansion. I will now hand the call over to our Chief Medical Officer, Robert Zeldin to review our neuromuscular and pulmonary disease programs.
Habib Dable: Yes. I know thanks for your question. So from myelofibrosis just to remind everyone this is a phase 2 study that we're running where we recruited 70 patients, and we have also guided that in the second half of this year that we would be presenting data on these patients. Again, the way we looked at these 70 patients was looking at we --40 patients who are being treated with our asset luspatercept without the combination of ruxolitinib because of the fact that they don't have an enlarged spleen. And then 30 patients out of that 70 are looking at luspatercept in combination with ruxolitinib. And again we're looking at transfusion dependent patients, as well as non transfusion dependent patients. And so at the end of the day, I think it's important to highlight the unmet need with these patients because of the fact that they are suffering from anemia in some --in many cases just due to the fibrotic bone marrow. And so therefore the disease induce anemia is something where we're looking at in the mono patient, but also please remember when you think about ruxolitinib and JAK inhibition in general, there also suffer -- because of the mechanism of action in many cases it is transient, but it is an impact on these patients where they're suffering from the fibrotic bone marrow, as well as drug-induced anemia because of the JAK inhibition. This also led us to announce together with our collaborators recently of Phase 1/ 2 study with Fedratinib which is Celgene JAK inhibitor where we'll be looking at combination use of luspatercept as well as part of our myelofibrosis study.
Habib Dable: So thanks for your question. Obviously, now with announcement that we made recently with the BLA expected to be filed in April and under a standard review process we could anticipate that a year later from April we could be in launch mode. Now that said, we also are doing a number of activities together with our collaboration partner Celgene in preparation for that, as well as the fact that if indeed we were surprised with a priority review and we were able to launch earlier that we would be prepared. So a number of activities in terms of launch readiness.  Whether it's in preparations from our positioning strategy, in terms of our pricing research, in terms of manufacturing and supply. I can tell you that there's a tremendous amount of work that's going on. Now with respect to specifics in terms of commercial launch perhaps, Sujay, you maybe you want to add a little bit of color in terms of some of the things that we're working on right now with our partners.
Habib Dable: Yes. So it's -- that's not necessarily the case that it would be single. So obviously, Yaron, at standard practice we would be looking and asking for that, but just to remind you again just so I'm clear, our base case assumptions that is a standard review process.
Habib Dable: Yes. So with respect to two beta -thalassemia, so let me answer the second part of your question first. The BELIEVE study just to remind everyone it was studied in transfusion dependent patients. So the initial approval that we will be looking for is exactly that. Now I think it's important to also note though is that there is a significant population probably equivalent to the transfusion dependent population that we're exploring through the BEYOND study.  And so we're recruiting patients 150 there and so obviously this is a population and again it's just to kind of repeat what cited by Dr. Capellini on stage is that this is a population with a very high unmet need because of the fact that they are not actually being transfused but there are in many, many cases very symptomatic. So we're very much looking forward to the results of that study. Now in terms of the first part of your question in terms of competition and how --what the potential for beta - thalassemia and luspatercept would be. One of the things that we are extremely proud of is that luspatercept has been able to demonstrate the ability to restore healthy red blood cell formations in two very distinct diseases. Lower risk MDS as well as beta- thalassemia to date which has given us a confidence to want to proceed with other lifecycle management activities such as myelofibrosis and potentially other diseases of chronic anemia. With respect to beta- thalassemia, if we are approved, we feel that there will be a tremendous unmet need that we will be catering to. Now, obviously, I know there's a lot of attention right now on gene therapy and if gene therapies are proven to be safe and efficacious, I'm thrilled that the community is going to have that as an option. Do I feel that that option is going to cater to the many, many patients with unmet needs> No, I don't. And I feel that if indeed it is another option for patients, I feel there will be a tremendous opportunity for luspatercept to find a space and a very significant space for this patient population who may not feel or be qualified for such a therapy.
Habib Dable: 15,000 to 25,000 a year. And the nice thing about that is it allows us to get into this space and to be able to provide with luspatercept much earlier in the disease setting as well. When you look at myelofibrosis, myelofibrosis patient population across between US and Europe is approximately 30,000 -35,000 patients and if you look at that patient group probably 50% to 60% of them suffer from moderate to severe anemia. So now you're again looking at another 15,000 to 20,000 patients and independent as to whether or not they're on ruxolitinib or not as I said before, these patients are suffering from chronic anemia due to this fibrotic bone marrow, as well as the drug-induced anemia. So the opportunity for a luspatercept to play a role here as an erythroid maturation agent can be pretty profound in this group. So all of these groups that we're looking at have a potential to have a very high unmet need and an underserved population. And then beyond that we obviously have talked about looking at expanding the lifecycle management strategy. We're working very closely with our partners at Celgene. They are very motivated to continue to moving forward beyond the already identified disease indications. I think you've heard us talk a little bit about chronic induced anemia as one that we're exploring, but it is one of many chemo induced anemia. And that's just one of many areas that we're exploring and prioritizing and hopefully more to come as that analysis continues to finalize.
Habib Dable: And just by the way just to kind of close off on that. we just recently this year we've given a little bit more granularity in terms of the commercial opportunity of these indications where we have traditionally always said that if you look at the lower risk MDS and beta-thalassemia that represented a $2 billion plus opportunity and now as we move forward with our next indication in myelofibrosis, if indeed the myelofibrosis study is successful and the drug is approved in that indication, we and our partners at Celgene believe that it's an incremental $1 billion opportunity, $1billion opportunity in that indication alone.
Habib Dable: Yes. So, Eric, I think the first question is pretty easy to answer in that too early right now. Let's wait and see how the phase 2 reads out, let's see what data comes out of that and based on that we'll obviously have the appropriate interactions with the regulatory agencies. And then we'll be guided by that feedback and then we'll share with you the development path forward for phase 3.  With respect to Fedratinib, I think all I can tell you at this point are what have already been disclosed in terms of the phase ½ studies. The Celgene disclosed this last month and then on top of that I think it's important to note that also sends a very strong signal in terms of their commitment to myelofibrosis with luspatercept as their anchor.
Habib Dable: Yes. So as we haven't gotten to the granularity of the assessment timelines, but what again just so you know these patients are coming in every three weeks for their injections. Their intramuscular injections that are done in the OP.
Habib Dable: Yes. It's a good question, Jeff, I think at the end of the day we are fully committed to both therapeutic areas as we disclosed during R&D day in 2017. We just successfully were able to execute on our secondary which gives us obviously the appropriate firepower to drive these studies to conclusion. And at the end of phase two and based on that data, we will take a good look in terms of what would be drive the most value strategically for the programs and for Acceleron. And we'll make a decision at that point. I think the most important nuance to all of that is we are positioning ourselves to be in a position of potentially partnering these programs to maximize value rather than the necessity to partner these programs because we would otherwise not be able to afford to do to run them. I think it's a very important nuance.
Habib Dable: So I'm going to ask Dr. Robert Zeldin to comment. I'm not sure how much depth you want to get into and all of that. And I think the first part of that question I'm not sure if you caught all that, but cut out a little bit.
Habib Dable: So, Kenn, sorry, I think we tripped over each other in hearing and we did --I think the first part of the question was answered by Robert in terms of the comment that you got from it. The second part of your question though I don't believe was answered. So you want to repeat that again, Kennen. Okay, we lost him, okay, we weren't catching at all. Okay, we'll have to go to the next question, operator.
Habib Dable: Yes. No, if there is no other questions, thanks everybody for your participation. Thank you for your continued interest in the company. And look forward to meeting you at future investor conferences or -- with that everybody have good night. 
Robert Zeldin: Thanks Habib. I'd like to begin with ACE-083 in neuromuscular disease. We continue to advance ACE-083, our locally acting muscle agent in Phase 2 trials in patients with facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy or FSHD and charcot-marie-tooth disease or CMT. FSHD is a myopathy caused by the expression of a typically dormant protein that is toxic to muscle tissue, while CMT is a neuropathy in which disease nerve leads to muscle atrophy. At the World Muscle Society Annual Meeting in October, we presented positive results from part one of the trials, the open-label part which evaluated safety and tolerability along with changes in muscle mass to enable dose selection for part two. Patients with FSHD and CMT treated with an ACE-083 experienced mean total muscle volume increases from baseline of greater than 14%, reduction in absolute fat fraction and a favorable safety profile over the 12-week treatment period. Based on these positive results, we moved into part two of the trials designed to assess the efficacy and safety of an ACE-083 versus placebo over a six-month treatment period followed by a six-month open-label period. The primary endpoint is the percent change in total muscle volume via magnetic resonance imaging with secondary endpoints including motor function tests such as timed walking tests in both FSHD and CMT, as well as upper limb tests in FSHD. We will also be evaluating disease specific patient reported outcomes in both trials. I am happy to announce that the FSHD trial recently completed full enrolment of 55 patients and we remain on track to present the top-line results in the second half of the year. Patient recruitment in the CMT trial is ongoing. With that I'd like to turn to our pulmonary disease program. As we described at our Pulmonary Arterial hypertension or PAH Deep Dive event in November, we are very excited to be developing Sotatercept in PAH, a rare progressive disorder characterized by high blood pressure or hypertension in the arteries of the lungs. There is an urgent need for new therapies in PAH despite 14 drug approvals over the 20 last years; the median survival for these patients is still only 5 to 7 years post diagnosis.  Also in November, we and our collaborators at the Brigham and Women's Hospital presented preclinical research on Sotatercept at the American Heart Association Annual Scientific Sessions which demonstrated so Sotatercept's ability to reverse pulmonary vascular remodeling and improve pulmonary hemodynamics and right ventricular structure and function in an animal model of PAH. Our Phase 2 PULSAR trial to evaluate Sotatercept's activity in patients with PAH is ongoing. This is a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial that will enroll 100 patients with World Health Organization group one functional class 23 PAH. The primary treatment period is six months. The primary endpoint is change in pulmonary vascular resistance with multiple secondary endpoints. We also recently initiated an exploratory study called SPECTRA. This trial will look at innovative endpoints of invasive cardiopulmonary exercise tests or IC pet and cardiac MRI in addition to the more traditional PAH trial endpoints being assessed in the PULSAR trial. With that I will turn the call over to Kevin McLaughlin, our CFO to review the financials.
Robert Zeldin: Yes. I mean I think that at the pre BLA meeting I think that was a very positive open discussion. I think the agency was excited about receiving the application. And I could not identify any specific areas of concern as folks are now clearly aware we intend to file with the FDA in April. And subsequently with the -submit the marketing authorization application in the first half.
Robert Zeldin: Yes. So I think Habib's point was that we're going to look at the totality of the data. So we know the primary efficacy endpoint is clear. That's overall most growth and now we have a number of assessments of functional benefit we're going to look at them in the totality. So I'd say in general we're guiding to say that we'd like to see a 10% improvement on those individual measures that would give us the confidence to advance the program. But I don't think we would you know pick one of our children above the other.
Robert Zeldin: No. I can't speak to the specifics on an individual patient basis, but I can tell you having very comprehensively review the safety data that we have no concerns regarding thrombocytosis in the population of patients treated in the MEDALIST study.
Kennen MacKay: Thanks for taking the question. Habib that $2 billion to $3 billion in peak sales guidance is reminiscent of Babe Ruth pointing at centerfield bleachers that's quite the move I liked it. Couple of quick questions. On the luspatercept clearly in MEDALIST there's a major impact on hemoglobin and transfusion but it looks like there's also some impact on platelets. Could you maybe remind us how requirements for g-csf were impacted in MEDALIST and potentially how this could factor into own label or usage in the clinic?  Then also in MDS, correct me if I'm wrong but when luspatercept will likely sort of be thought of as supportive care for these patients, and I guess how should we think about that impacting usage of either high or low intensity antineoplastic or immunosuppressive therapies in these patients? What --obviously there was no difference in leukemic transformation but is there any compound data out there with some of these anything leukemic. Thank you. 
Kennen MacKay: On points, yes, looked like there was an effect on -- some of those forest plots that had been presented in the MEDALIST trial. I was wondering if there was any difference in requirements for g-csf in MEDALIST.
Kennen MacKay: Oh, no. I was thinking more that you could reduce the need for some of the --therapies from your last --
