Kenneth C. Frazier: Thank you, Teri. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call this morning. Our performance this quarter reflects our continuing progress in advancing our priority products and programs. As we accelerate the launch of KEYTRUDA around the world, our researchers are continuing to study KEYTRUDA with an extensive clinical development program that spans a multitude of cancer types. We're confident that KEYTRUDA will be a key treatment in cancer for many years to come. We also made good strides in the launch of ZEPATIER, our new hepatitis C medicine, during its full first quarter on the market. Our key in-line brands such as JANUVIA, whose sales are still growing nearly 10 years after its initial launch, also significantly contributed to our performance this quarter. We remain committed to our innovation strategy and our mission of delivering important medicines and vaccines that address many of the world's foremost health challenges and global unmet medical needs. Business development continues to be a priority and we are committed to finding the best external science to enrich our pipeline and portfolio. As I've previously outlined, we're taking a disciplined approach both financially and scientifically to identify and acquire opportunities at the right financial valuation. In addition to acquisitions, we also are engaging in scientific and commercial partnerships to pair our best internal innovations with the best external innovation available. As a recent example of our efforts, earlier this year we closed on the acquisition of Afferent Pharmaceuticals which will complement and enhance our primary care pipeline. Last month we began a new scientific collaboration with Moderna Therapeutics to develop personalized cancer vaccine by combining KEYTRUDA with Moderna's vaccine technology. Additionally, we recently announced our intent to acquire Vallée of Brazil to fortify our Animal Health business in Latin America. In closing, our performance in the quarter positions us well for the second half of the year. Looking forward, we will remain focused on executing on our launches and driving the performance of our strongest brands as well as advancing and augmenting our broad pipeline to deliver a balanced and differentiated portfolio of valuable medicines and vaccines. We believe this strategic focus will create long-term growth for the company and sustainable value for both society and shareholders. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Kenneth C. Frazier: And on business development, thank you for the question, Jami. What I am signaling is that business development remains a very important priority and we're very actively engaged in trying to find the best scientific innovation. Our main focus is to continue to augment our Phase 2 and early-stage pipeline. We remain very active with new partnerships and collaborations and we're also looking actively for bolt-on acquisitions in key growth areas. Now from our perspective, I think it's important to remember that for us, a bolt-on acquisition is not defined by size. When we talk about a bolt-on, we're focusing more on finding the right assets that can augment our pipeline as compared to doing a large deal just, for example, cross synergies. So all of that being said, we are looking very carefully. We're taking our time and we're being diligent in seeking out the right assets at the right valuation. And I think that's what you should read into this. And I think if you look across what's happened in the industry, there has been a re-rating of certain assets, but those boards and management teams are also taking time to assess what they actually think will happen going forward in their future. So I wouldn't read anything into it other than the deals we've done and the ones that we think can add value, and we'll continue to look at all kinds of deals going forward.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Well, obviously we're not in a position, as you suggested, to give any 2017 guidance yet. But we are actively looking across our portfolio at the best ways, as Rob said, to balance in the near term investments while continuing to drive long-term growth. We do anticipate some headwinds from several LOE's as you suggested ZETIA, VYTORIN, CUBICIN and NASONEX. But we're also pleased that we are maintaining the steady growth of JANUVIA as a foundation to launch these products like KEYTRUDA and ZEPATIER. Beyond that, as you know, we have things that are coming out of our pipeline. Roger made reference to building onto our diabetes franchise with ertu [ertugliflozin] as well as odanacatib. Next year we're looking forward to being unblinded with respect to our base inhibitor and anacetrapib. So those would be some of the internal things. And then, as I mentioned in response to an earlier question, we continue to look at business development and inorganic growth as an important critical part of our strategy going forward. As I sit here today, obviously I haven't anything new to announce to you. But I just want you to know that we're actively pursuing value-creating, inorganic growth opportunities.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay. Let me just close by saying this was a strong quarter. We continue to execute on our innovation-based strategy and we continue to look for the best opportunities for long-term growth with respect to things like KEYTRUDA and ZEPATIER, but we're also eager to find the best opportunities that will create long-term value for our shareholders both inorganically and organically. Thank you very much.
Robert M. Davis: Thanks, Ken, and good morning, everyone. Our results in the second quarter reflect continued execution across the organization with our broad portfolio of products contributing to growth both on the top and bottom line. Total company revenues were $9.8 million, an increase of 1% year-over-year. Excluding the impact of exchange, second quarter revenues grew 3%. Our human health and animal health businesses performed well in the quarter delivering growth despite an approximately $210 million headwinds in sales in Venezuela in the second quarter of 2015. As you'll remember, we scaled back our operations in Venezuela toward the end of last year and therefore recorded negligible sales from the country in the second quarter of this year. Partially offsetting growth in human and animal health this quarter were lower contributions from our revenue hedge program and third-party manufacturing sales versus the prior year. While our revenue hedging program continues to contribute to the top line, it's expected to have a negative impact in each quarter this year on a year-over-year basis. In terms of revenue guidance, we now expect full year revenue of $39.1 billion to $40.1 billion including an approximately 2 percentage point negative impact from foreign exchange at mid-July rates. Looking to the other parts of the P&L, non-GAAP gross margin was 75.7% an increase of 30 basis points versus the second quarter of 2015. Foreign exchange and product mix both contributed to the year-over-year improvement as growth in higher-margin products such as KEYTRUDA and ZEPATIER offset the declines in lower margin products such as REMICADE. On a full year basis, non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be roughly flat versus last year. Non-GAAP operating expenses of $4.2 billion increased 4% year-over-year with lower marketing and administrative expenses and an approximately two percentage point benefit from foreign exchange partially offsetting higher research and development expenses in the quarter. The increase in R&D reflects a $200 million upfront payment to Moderna for our recently announced collaborations on the development of personalized cancer vaccine as well as higher investments in our clinical programs. We continue to expect non-GAAP operating expense for the full year to be generally in line with the prior year. We anticipate incremental spend in R&D will be partially offset by lower marketing and administrative expenses. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate this quarter was 19% primarily driven by the beneficial impact of orphan drug federal income tax credits for KEYTRUDA reported in the quarter. We continue to anticipate the full year rate to be between 21.5% and 22.5% which includes the impact of the R&D tax credit. Taken together, we earned $0.93 per share on a non-GAAP basis in the second quarter delivering 8% growth or 12% excluding exchange and another quarter of P&L leverage. On a GAAP basis we reported $0.43 per share in the quarter. For the full year, we're raising the lower end of our non-GAAP EPS guidance, narrowing the range to $3.67 to $3.77 per share. We now expect foreign exchange to have an approximately one percentage point negative impact in mid-July rates. On a GAAP basis, we now expect to earn $1.98 to $2.08 per share for the full year. Altogether, we delivered growth both nominally and excluding exchange on the top and bottom line. We continue to have a number of opportunities in our pipeline with new product launches and with the potential for business development. We remain disciplined in our approach expense management recognizing the need to balance delivering in the short term while making the appropriate investments to drive long-term growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Adam.
Robert M. Davis: Good morning, Seamus. It's Rob. I'll answer the tax question and then turn it over to Roger. What the benefit relates to is the IRS allows you four orphan drug clinical trials. So if you have a drug that has a validated orphan status from the FDA, the clinical trial expenses related to that drug can be taken as a credit against your tax. That's what we refer to as the orphan drug tax credit. This relates to certain indications within, and stages within malignant melanoma that did receive a designation. I think we got it back in 2013 and then we spent the majority of times since then accumulating the data and validating the expense, and that led to the accrual you saw in the quarter. So that drove the vast bulk of the one-time benefit that we saw in the quarter.
Robert M. Davis: And Gregg, this is Rob. We don't have the specifics for cash flow and the working capital you're asking for this morning. We're still finalizing some of those parts. But in general, we tend to continue to see strong trends in cash flow and continue to see overall working capital improving across inventory and payables. And then on the receivables side, there's a little bit of a swing back. But I think part of that's due to just as we're launching new products, the mix of the receivables on those relative to what we're seeing on the others. But there's nothing new or significant, continuing trends, and you'll see the exact numbers when you see the Q.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Hello, Tim. It's Roger. Just the manuscript was accepted for publication. I don't have a publication date so I can't really speculate on when it would be published vis-à-vis ESMO, but we have an accepted manuscript. And I'll let Adam comment on the commercial question.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yeah, Geoff, I don't think I downplayed the possibility. I think it's always the case that it's uncertain what the results of clinical trials will be and their experiments and we don't know the answer in advance. Certainly we're very pleased with the results that we saw in the 024 study. There's meaningful crossover of course as there is now in any such study. And the fact that we achieved overall survival even in the context of meaningful crossover I think gives a sense of how powerful the benefit is. Keep in mind that we had a small amount of first line data that we had obtained in the 001-F cohort so we knew that there was benefit in that setting. And in that sense, it's not surprising to see impressive PFS results. The overall survival obviously was something that we'd hoped for and it's nice to see it come through.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yeah, and John, it's Roger. The truth of the matter is we really, as I've said, need to understand how well KEYTRUDA works as monotherapy and for that matter, OPDIVO, in order to be able to understand how to proceed with combination therapies. The combination therapy work is all extremely early. We do not have any data that tell us that any combination provides superior overall survival versus monotherapy. Indeed, we have the first data in first line lung that show that KEYTRUDA is superior to traditional chemotherapy. And that, again, it needs to be reviewed. But when people have a chance to look at the data, that represents a real sea change in the way people treat lung cancer. Combination chemotherapy has been the mainstay of therapy for decades. So that's going to be a pretty big deal. If you look at response rates, an imperfect indicator of course, the best response rates that we see are the combination of KEYTRUDA with chemotherapy like pemetrexed where we reported small number of patients, 71% overall response rate in the lung cancer setting, which is obviously very provocative. With time, I think we'll discover how best to use these agents in combination. Whether that's an immuno-oncology combination with a CTLA-4 directed molecule, with other molecules. We have 10 of them in development on our own, or with chemotherapeutic agents, time will tell.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Well, Mark, I mean, first of all, lung is not larger than all other tumors combined. I mean, it's an extremely important cancer, but again, I keep trying to point out that we are at a very early point in the evaluation of the use of PD-1 directed therapies in malignant disease. Just again, as an example, the fact that we're seeing prostate cancer responses, remember that previously, it was thought prostate cancer was refractory to PD-1 directed therapy, OPDIVO treatment. There were really no results. That shows you that we're still learning a great deal about how to use this as monotherapy. Combinations, a lot of combinations appear to be showing early signs of signals, whether that's combinations of chemotherapy or combinations in the case of OPDIVO and us as well, with ipilimumab with CTLA-4. Time will tell which is the best combination. If it turned out that ipilimumab was the best combination, then that would be the way to go forward and we obviously have studies using that combination, as do others. Our combination studies with targeted chemotherapies and traditional chemotherapies are also very far along, and that will be extremely interesting. We'll have a chance to see those data relatively soon. We'll finish the first of those sets of studies in the third quarter. So we'll have to see the data very soon.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Well, first of all, with respect to the approval, I cannot comment on what exactly the label will look like except to say that in general, of course, you get the label for the population that you've studied, and that's what we would expect. And so this is the first and it's an accelerated approval in the head and neck cancer setting. There's a lot of additional information that will be coming up from our other studies going forward. In terms of the size of the opportunity, I'll let Adam speak to that.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Colin, it's Roger. The blueprint project demonstrated that PD-L1 diagnostic test that's used by Bristol-Myers for OPDIVO and our diagnostic tests are actually very similar in terms of their results and can be used almost interchangeably.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Seamus, it's Roger. With respect to the manuscript, as you say, the first manuscript which describes the results of the 024 study, you asked about what would be the second publication. And there will be a number of publications that will come out of the study. Although it's not an enormous study, there's still a lot of data there. And the first thing is to step through the primary and secondary endpoints and the characteristics of the treatment results. And thereafter, there'll be a lot of color and shading that will be added in other publications. It's important data to get out there. My view, looking at the data, is that they're potentially practice-changing and it's important that there be a chance to review that. Those data of course wouldn't be available for review by NCCN or other agencies until such time as publication takes place. Then you also raised a question about our interaction with regulatory agencies. And all I can say about that is we've done our discussions. We're working closely with regulatory agencies to understand the basis for filing supplements in the context of having multiple reviews. And maybe if I could elevate just a little bit, I would say that the workload for regulatory agencies, given the very large number of studies that we and our competitors are doing in this field, is quite substantial. And how best to manage that workload and evaluate all these new data that are coming in is something I think that FDA and other regulatory agencies are wrestling with.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Tony, it's Roger. The Graff data are – it's a very small study and you're talking about just a handful of responders. It's unknown in each one of these settings whether the PD-L1 biomarker, and this is part of a large set of biomarkers that we look at, whether the PD-L1 biomarker is relevant to that particular tumor type and if it is, whether the relevant index is the tumor proportion score, or more broadly, the combination of both tumor cells and inflammatory cells. So still a lot of work being done in the area of biomarkers and how predictive they are. Stay tuned. I think the important thing to note is that in a tumor type that was previously believed to be refractory, that is where an immune-oncology would provide no benefit, there's clear evidence there could be some.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And if I could just say – it's Roger – we have quite a number of compounds that we have developed that have been treating properties with respect to HIV therapy that are all in early development. I haven't had a chance to talk about those in an earnings call setting, but will hope to as more data become available.
Adam H. Schechter: So, Tim, I think it's a very important question and I'll walk you through how I think about it. The first thing is, I will be very glad to be first to market. Being first to market for a new indication matters. And I remember when we were first to market with melanoma, people were asking if you have progression-free survival but you don't have overall survival? They come out with overall survival, will it matter? And I kept saying I just want to be first, and as long as we have the studies underway to show that ultimately we can show overall survival, that we should be okay. If you look at first line lung, the first thing I'd say is we're glad to be first. The second thing is, the issue that we have right now with PD-L1 testing in second line, where the competition has all comers, I think that will go away in first line, because everybody will be doing PD-L1 testing. So that obstacle that we face today goes away with first line. The second question will become not only what the indication is but what reimbursement occurs and even today, you start to see reimbursement occurring even where you don't necessarily have the indication and the good news is at the time of the first line launch, we should have data in second line showing a positive results in the PD-L1 plus one positive. So we'll have data in plus one to 50 for second line. So we still have to see how it plays out, but I'm pleased to be first to launch hopefully and then we'll see how the reimbursement works out over time.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, so, John, with regard to KEYTRUDA, right now in the U.S., about 70% of the use is still melanoma and then there's somewhere between 10% to 15% that we believe is in second line lung and then the rest is amongst a whole host of different uses. So the utilization of first line lung right now is very low. But what's important is we're seeing PD-L1 testing start to occur more and more often. And I mentioned that two-thirds of physicians are now testing. And what we see is when physicians test, they tend to use KEYTRUDA and that's where we see the utilization of KEYTRUDA for lung right now. The good news is the work that we've been doing on testing I think is going to pay off for us as we get the first line indication and the obstacle goes away for second line so I'm very encouraged and excited about the opportunity to launch in first line for sure.
Adam H. Schechter: Hi, Steve. So if you look at head and neck, it's a few thousand patients in the United States. But again, it's not about any one indication. It's about KEYTRUDA becoming the foundational therapy. And when you listen to Roger's introduction and you hear all the different indications and the tumors and combinations that we're studying, it's going to be all those together that we're preparing for every day that's going to make KEYTRUDA a foundational for the treatment of cancer in our view.
Adam H. Schechter: Hi, Chris. This is Adam. So we're six months into the launch of ZEPATIER and we're encouraged by the progress that we're seeing. Obviously, the first thing we're doing is trying to secure access. And as I mentioned, we have early wins, so in Medicare Part D for example, we have United and Express Scripts where they've added us at parity to their Medicare Part D formulary effective July 1. In Medicaid we're making significant progress in not only getting our formulary, but some of those Medicaid formularies have increased the number of patients that they're making eligible for treatment. We're working very closely with our commercial customers and access is progressing. We still have some negotiations that are ongoing as we speak. And as I said, the VA continues to ramp up nicely. So we're encouraged by the access that we're getting and now we have to work to build market share and that's what we're going to focus on as we move forward. In terms of the overall market, it's a large market. There's about 3 million patients in the U.S. that still need to be treated so it's going to be a market that'll be around for a while. We're currently seeing just over 200,000 or so patients per year treated in the U.S. That's a lot more than if you would have gone back five years ago where there was somewhere between 120,000 to 150,000. So we've certainly seen an increase, but that increase I think has maxed out and I think we'll see more of where we are as a steady state as we move forward and really, the size and the pace of the market's going to depend on getting more patients diagnosed and through the system as we move forward.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, so let me start. First of all, the label says for KEYTRUDA that it's based upon a PD-L1 test by an FDA-approved test, it doesn't have a specific test assigned to KEYTRUDA versus OPDIVO. So I'm not concerned, and frankly, most of the commercial labs that are measuring PD-L1 and/or the individual institutions that do it themselves are not having designated tests for designated products. So that's not a concern frankly. In addition to that, with first line lung, I believe everybody's going to start to measure PD-L1 right from the start, so even for the competition, I think they're going to be advocating the importance of measuring PD-L1 moving forward. So that obstacle will go away. And then ultimately I believe it's going to come down to the market share that you're able to achieve within the lung segment and therefore I'm very pleased that we'll be the first one to launch. If you look specifically at our share of our business, about 70% of our business is in melanoma, 15% is in lung and then the rest is in all other indications. And then you can kind of extrapolate that if you look at – we have about, if you look at the dollar sales reported, about 30% of the dollar sales in share right now.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, so, Jami, this is Adam. So first of all, being first to market does matter. And as you said, I think it is an advantage. We will only obviously be able to promote it based upon the label that we have, and therefore be in expressors greater than 50%. Whether there's off-label use, we'll have to see what NCCN decides and what individual physicians decide. It wouldn't surprise me if they decide that, but again, it's nothing that we would ever try to encourage or promote.
Adam H. Schechter: And Tony, this is Adam. So we've sold $112 million of ZEPATIER for the quarter and again, we're still early into the launch. I mentioned that we have some Medicare Part D wins that start July 1, so obviously you won't see a lot of sales from those in the quarter. Most of the sales in the quarter came from the VA and some other segments where we had utilization for patients with renal insufficiency. But as we move forward, I would expect that the mix is going to change substantially. And as Medicaid – I'm sorry. As Medicare Part D commercial ramps up, I think you'll see a very different mix.
Adam H. Schechter: Hi, Gregg. This is Adam. With regard to REMICADE, our strategy all along has been to try to hold onto as many existing patients that were currently treated as we can. And I think we've done a very good job with that. Most of our loss of revenue came from reference pricing due to lower prices from the biosimilars. However, we're certainly starting to see that we're not only losing new patients, but there are some countries in Scandinavia, and even some other larger countries, that are beginning to think about substituting therapeutically even existing patients. So I do believe that we're going to continue to see erosion for REMICADE, that the biosimilar impacts, they are accelerating and they're going to continue as we go through the year. As I think about biosimilars in the future, I think the key is going to be what your order entry is into the marketplace and being first or second in the marketplace will matter. Each market molecule's going to be different and we're going to deploy different strategies based upon those markets. You see a different strategy, for example, that you might use in the UK and France versus Germany. And we'll have to be very specific by market how we launch our biosimilar portfolio. At the same time what I'd say is SIMPONI grew 16% ex-exchange. So even though you see an impact on REMICADE, you haven't seen that go over into the other anti-TNFs, and therefore we expect to continue to see good growth from SIMPONI.
Adam H. Schechter: yeah, so I would look at them as separate and distinct markets and I think the big difference is Medicare Part D versus the way in which the hepatitis C products are reimbursed. So I think there's different dynamics in those two markets. With that said, as you look forward and you think about combinations of potential immunotherapies or combinations with other therapies, we have to find additional ways to think about contracting with customers and working with customers differently than the way in which you do today. It's remarkable when you think about the number of indications that we're studying KEYTRUDA for and we think about how we're building this huge wall of data. It's going to be real hard for followers to match us with the data that we're going to have over time. And we're going to have to find ways to work with payers so that they can really find the right way to ensure the patients that need our monotherapy or our combination therapies in the future have access to it. So we're going to continue to think about the right ways to do pricing and contracting. But I feel pretty confident, as I sit here today, that we'll be able to maintain good contracts and access as we move forward.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah. So, first of all, with regard to emerging markets, ex-Venezuela, ex-foreign exchange we grew about 6%. So we continue to have good growth in the emerging markets. And if you look at China, we had 11% growth ex-foreign exchange. So the growth, albeit not as good as it was couple years ago, it continues to be robust. With that said, lumping emerging markets together today is not a good idea because you have very different dynamics in terms of what's occurring in a market like China versus what's occurring in a market like Russia or what's happening in Argentina. So we really do focus market by market what our opportunities for growth are, and then we titrate our expense base in those markets based upon the opportunities. But I do believe that the emerging markets will provide growth going forward and remain an important opportunity for us as we move forward. With regard to JANUVIA outside the U.S., we continue to see good growth in Europe and Canada and that growth is coming from volume. And the volume growth in most of those markets is very strong. I'd say the biggest issue we're facing is the fact that our market share is so high in countries like Germany that it's hard to grow market share so we have to continue to find ways to grow from sulphonylureas and ultimately from metformin. But there's hundreds of millions of patients that need to be treated outside the U.S. If you look at the emerging markets, we have strong double-digit growth of JANUVIA. I think that's going to continue over time. And we really have not gotten NRDL approval for JANUVIA in China yet. So once that's achieved, I think that that represents another opportunity for us for growth of the JANUVIA franchise outside of the U.S.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, so as you look at our HIV franchise, obviously we've been losing dollar share and volume based upon what's occurring in the competitive set in the marketplace, so we are really glad that we're going to have a q.d. ISENTRESS. And I think it will be very helpful for us. The key is generally speaking we don't give guidance at a product level, but it's unlikely that the introduction of q.d. ISENTRESS is going to be able to return the franchise to growth. I think it's going to enable us to be able to compete better within that marketplace as it exists. But I wouldn't look for very strong growth moving forward based upon that product for the franchise.
