Roger Perlmutter: With respect to monotherapy versus combination therapy, I think, again, as I’ve said previously, we’re really at a very early point in the study of immunoregulatory molecules. We’re quite impressed with the data that we’ve been seeing using MK3475 as monotherapy, but certainly the history of cancer therapy is that over time oncologists seek to employ combinations in order to get better benefit-risk ratios, and to get better responses in a larger fraction of patients. With respect to owning both versus collaborations, obviously under the best of circumstances you’d like to own both, but you can’t expect to discover everything yourself, and we want to do absolutely the best thing for patients and advance the best therapies.
Roger Perlmutter: For those two questions, the first, with respect to PD-L1 expression and maximal efficacy, again, I think it’s important to stand back from this and recognize that we are testing a hypothesis with respect to PD1 activity. What we believe is that there are resident cytotoxic T lymphocytes directed against tumors, and that those T lymphocytes are inactivated or prevented from becoming activated by PD1 engagement. And it stands to reason that PD-L1, as one of the two principal ligands for PD1, PD-L1 expression would be an indicator of the degree of inactivation of those cells, and if we could block that, we should activate T-cells and destroy tumor. That’s a lovely hypothesis. It sounds great, but there are many parts of that that have yet to be tested experimentally, particularly in the human setting. So there’s a lot of work to be done to understand whether that’s really what’s going on. Even if that is precisely what’s going on, there’s no reason to believe that PD-L1 engagement with PD1 by itself is the only thing that controls T-cell activation and hence tumor responses. So I have every reason to believe that we can build on this, and certainly we have preclinical data that indicate that we can do exactly that, and we tend to pursue that very aggressively in patients. The second question is, what tumor types will we explore with our Insight and Pfizer collaborations? Obviously, there are a lot of tumors that we can look at. And again, we are driven by both the pattern of 41BB expression in the Pfizer case and also early data that are becoming available through Insight’s studies on their small molecule antagonist of IDA1. So we’ll move forward together with them in those collaborations, but I’m not going to specify tumor types for you at the moment.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to the collaboration’s economics, we’re not going to go into the details of that. Suffice it to say that these are deals that are structured in a way that’s very attractive for both parties. What is needed to complete the file, well, each of the modules associated with a biologics application, and obviously there’s a lot of detail there, not only with respect to the clinical data and the greatest safety summaries, but also CMC data, etc. As I said, we’re confident we can get this done and we will complete the rolling submission by the middle of the year. And finally, for ASCO, we’re going to have a lot of data that we will be able to present at ASCO, and we’ll move forward with those. I’m not going to prestage that in any way. But I should also point out that there will be data presented at other scientific meetings, some of which come earlier, including the AACR meeting.
Roger Perlmutter: I can’t give you too much color on the timing for readouts and the collaborations. These things we’ve just announced are just getting started, and obviously it will take some time before that happens. Nor, of course, can I comment on any data that Insight might have accumulated in terms of their own studies. They’re obviously going to be speaking about that in the future. With respect to the activity of TVEC in other settings, that oncolytic virus has been studied in other settings early on in its development, and there was evidence of activity, for example, in squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. And so there’s always been interest in that. Over time, we’ll see whether or not that’s an important area to pursue. But I think the important thing to point out is that this modified herpes simplex virus acts in part through direct destruction of tumor cells, but in large part because it stimulates an immune response. The hypothesis which we are pursuing, together with our colleagues at Amgen is that if we can permit that immune response to be even more robust that we’ve now provided two sources of stimulation of the cells that are going to eradicate the tumor. And it should be even more powerful. If that proves to be true in one setting, it could be prove to be true in many, and that obviously is a very exciting possibility. So the first thing, of course, is we have to demonstrate that the two can be used together safely. That’s the most important part of any of these collaborations. But thereafter, we’re going to be very aggressive about looking at opportunities to improve care for cancer patients.
Roger Perlmutter: Just to comment on the R&D spend issue, which Peter handled, but I want to emphasize that from the beginning, we’ve focused on three aspects, on processes, on portfolio, and on staffing. And we’re working hard on all of those, and it’s a journey. We’ll continue to work on it. Adam and I have worked very closely rationalizing the portfolio. We’ve improved the processes whereby we make decisions and reduce frictional coefficients, and it was necessary for us to reduce staffing. The kinds of run rates that you’re seeing now are the result of those efforts, and we’re going to keep at it. And then with respect to odanacatib, again to keep in mind that our data safety and monitoring committee did come back really actually early in the analysis, and say that the study should be stopped because of an overwhelming efficacy and a favorable benefit-risk profile. So we know that based on their analysis, we know unambiguously that there is a treatment effect. The study was designed with an additional blinded extension, and until we have the full intention to treat data set, we don’t know what those data look like and hence exactly what a file would look like. But I would say, based on just what the data safety monitoring committee had told us previously, that one has reason to be optimistic.
Roger Perlmutter: First of all, with respect to the question of first mover advantages, I think at the highest elevation, what we have to say is we are anxious to bring the potential benefits of PD1 antagonism to every patient possible. And that means we have to choose what we think would be the best combinations and try to pursue those aggressively. I think when we do that, of course, we generate data sets that, if they are attractive and promising, provide a basis for moving forward commercially. But the first thing is, number one, can these things be used together safely, and then number two, do we really get a benefit from an efficacy point of view. And we’ll find out. And no, of course, these things would not be exclusive, and should not be exclusive, because you want to do the best thing for patients. The second thing is with respect to anacetrapib, keep in mind we do have a 30,000 patient outcome study that is going on right now. The data safety monitoring board met recently and recommended to us that the study be continued without any modification. And there are three interim analyses that are planned. The first interim analysis will be at this point in early 2015. Now, I just would like to mention here it’s important to know that this is a study that is being conducted by an independent academic-based group. The steering committee for that study has control over the conduct of the study, and so while we are involved on that steering committee, nevertheless, strictly speaking, the study is being run by the Oxford group. And so that’s just important to keep in mind.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to HCV, I think what everybody wants, of course, is to have a fully oral regimen that is ribavirin free and that is pangenotypic and achieves sustained virulogic load reductions as close to 100% as possible. And thus far, we’re not there. Nobody’s there yet. We don’t have the data sets there. But I think that we’re in a pretty attractive place with our 5172 molecule, which is a very novel protease inhibitor that has very desirable characteristics and conserves the foundation for future combination regimens including with our 5A antagonist, as well as with other molecules that we have in development. So I think we definitely have a good regimen. I think there’s a lot of work yet to find the ideal regimen. Obviously the other companies, including Gilead and AbbVie and Bristol and others, are working very hard to find ideal regimens also. But it’s a competitive race.
Roger Perlmutter: Again, at a high elevation, as you know, there’s a lot less to be learned about how best to use PD1 antagonists in the treatment of cancer. We don’t yet know the full impact of PD-L1 expression and how best to assay for it. And different companies are using different assays. As I said, our evidence is supportive of the idea that this could be an important marker for responsiveness. We don’t know which tumors are most responsive in a monotherapy setting, the range of tumors and the degree of response, and the durability of response. And we don’t know how to make that better either through combinations with other immunoregulatory agents or through combinations with targeted therapies or even conventional cytotoxic therapy. So there’s still an enormous amount to learn. When you look at our program, we’ve got more than a dozen studies now. We’ve got thousands of patients enrolled. We’re looking at a broad range of tumor types. We’ve been enormously thoughtful about which combinations, how to look at biomarkers, and how to proceed. And I have to tell you, I like our program. I really do. On the other hand, I also recognize that we’re treating a devastating illness that there’s a lot of important information to get, and there’s room for many different companies to contribute. And all of the groups are good, and that’s great for patients.
Roger Perlmutter: First of all, the percent positive in non-small cell lung cancer with PD-L1, that moves a little bit as you accrue more data. But just to be very clear, we have had no difficulty enrolling. There are lots of patients out there who are PD-L1 positive. Number two, as we’ve explained, it is not the case that PD-L1 expression is determinative. There are responders in our data sets, as we’ve presented, that are PD-L1 negative. That’s true in different tumor types. And others have presented the same thing. Whether that reflects our improper setting of the cut point, as you suggest, our inability to measure PD-L1 expression at the target where it’s active, or some other ligand that’s involved, we don’t know. We can’t say that. But what we should recognize is, in the first instance, one wants to look in patient populations where one can best characterize the treatment effect, and our data indicate that that is in the PD-L1 positive segment. There will be patients, potentially quite a lot of patients, who don’t score in that assay, but nevertheless have responses. That a second issue, and one which we want to address, because obviously you don’t want to deny the benefits of this therapy, particularly if it’s well tolerated, to patients who have no other alternatives.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to our discussions with FDA and breakthrough status, of course FDA is interested to know what kinds of things we’re seeing in all patient subsets, particularly for reasons of safety and exposure. But right now we’re completely focused on completing the rolling submission with respect to melanoma in patients previously exposed to ipilimumab. That’s what we’re doing. We will get that done by the middle of the year. Other discussions, of course, will occur after that.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to PD-L1 expression, and you were cut off a bit at the beginning, but I think the important thing to emphasize again is that in terms of trying to understand the benefit-risk profile of the drug, it’s important to focus on populations where the responses are easiest to demonstrate. We have been working hard on looking at the PD-L1 marker as a way of identifying sensitive populations, but as we said before, PD-L1 negative patients do have responses. And in a patient population that has exhausted other treatment options, it’s not reasonable to withhold a therapeutic option that holds promise provided it’s reasonably well tolerated. So I think that’s going to be the view, always, and with time, we’ll know more about how to select patients for this therapy and for other therapies.
Roger Perlmutter: The scientific justifications are of several forms. Clearly we like to have preclinical data at a minimum that is supportive of the idea that PD1 antagonism will work effectively with another therapy. In many cases, we have exactly that. In some cases, as we reported in our press release with Pfizer, we’re seeking that kind of preclinical information, and in other cases there’s data that’s been developed, for example with TVEC, with respect to the underlying mechanism of action and the expansion of T-cell subpopulations that’s extremely supportive for the idea that those two will work in combination. We will have the opportunity to talk about some of those data coming up at AACR, for example, and ASCO, and of course at our May 6 business review, RD review, which is not too far away.
Ken Frazier: To respond to your first question, as I mentioned previously, we are exploring strategic options for both our animal health and consumer care businesses. Getting a business versus getting cash is something that we obviously need to think about, so I’m not going to comment on any one hypothetical swap or anything of that nature. We are looking at all options, I can assure you, with the sole objective of maximizing the long term value to our shareholders. I will also comment that, again, we think these are terrific businesses. In animal health, we have the number two business in terms of sales and healthy margins, as I mentioned before. In consumer, we have very attractive brands like Coppertone, Dr. Scholl’s, Claritin. I have said that this is a business that is geographically concentrated in the United States. And so as I think about these things going forward, I’ve got to look at what the practical actions are that present themselves, and whether or not these assets are going to create more long term value inside the portfolio or outside the portfolio.
Ken Frazier: Let me just try to respond to your first question. As I said before, a major consolidation of the industry type transaction is not Merck’s preferred strategy. We would like to be much more focused on value added, both on opportunities that provide meaningful, clinically meaningful products and obviously we have to acquire those in a way that we believe will create value for our shareholders over the long term. So you should know that business development is a major priority for us. That’s why Roger talked about creating a new subunit of MRL. And I believe as you move forward, you will see us demonstrate just how important a priority it is for the Merck research labs.
Ken Frazier: Can I frame the whole issue around cost reduction? The way that we’re looking at this whole thing is if we can drive much greater efficiency in our infrastructure, then we can continue to invest assets where it’s going to matter in the long run, whether that is in the commercial space, or whether that is in the R&D space. When you have an asset like PD1, which I think you can already see is an asset that we could be studying as monotherapy and in combination with various agents for quite some time, it’s incumbent upon us to make sure that we don’t in any way constrict our ability to reach the full potential of our pipeline because we haven’t been very tough on our infrastructure. And I would use the word tough because I would say that this is not an easy thing to do, particularly as it relates to the significant reduction in force of our employees. But I think it’s an obligation we have. In an external healthcare market looking for greater innovation and greater efficiency, so too, our business model has to be about greater innovation and greater efficiency.
Ken Frazier: On your question about comparing the 1990s to now, first of all, I appreciate the fact that you are implying that there’s a lot to be learned by looking at what’s happened in the past, period, and whether those decisions actually drove long term shareholder value. And that’s why we are saying we are committed to doing what we believe will drive long term shareholder value. So you’ll see, first of all, within our pharma business, we’ve already started to focus on streamlining that business. When you see the changes that have been made in neuroscience, with [unintelligible], with the ophthalmology businesses, with the divestitures to Aspen in our [unintelligible] facility, we’re really looking at which assets give us the greatest opportunity to drive growth going forward. And that is really the lynchpin for us. Is a particular asset going to create more long term value inside our portfolio or outside our portfolio? Because everything that you have to devote capital to inside your portfolio has an opportunity cost somewhere else in your portfolio. So we’re really looking to have the kind of portfolio that actually drives the greatest long term growth and value for our shareholders.
Ken Frazier: I’ll start by going back to where we were before. I would say what’s consistent is I think these are terrific businesses. I think what we have to say now, given the size of our company, given the opportunities that we have, like PD1, we have to look at where our capital should go from an allocation standpoint. So what we’re really doing is looking at all aspects of our company. I remind you that we have divested Saphris. We have divested the ophthalmology business. So we are not just looking at animal health and consumer. We’re looking at the sum total of what we have, where we should put our capital, where we can have the greatest amount of growth going forward. So that’s how we’re looking at things, and that’s how I’m going to answer those questions.
Ken Frazier: Mark, in your preamble, you referenced our comment about the trough year for EPS. What I want everyone to understand is that our team is very focused on and committed to driving growth, and we expect to grow earnings off this new base in 2015.
Ken Frazier: Quickly on Zilmax, I just want to stress, again, that we voluntarily implemented a temporary sales suspension in the United States and Canada, so that we could work with our industry partners, so that we could reaffirm confidence in Zilmax, which we really have. And so we’re now working with an advisory board which includes some of the big players in the industry to provide a profit for certifying people who use it to show that the product actually is very helpful. I think we also ought to keep in mind the underlying dynamics, which is there is an increasing need for protein consumption around the world and that requires greater productivity going forward. So this is an important product. It is a useful product. And what we did was to ensure that everybody was on board to understand the benefit of this product going forward. And we’re confident that this process will actually lead to a good outcome for Zilmax.
Ken Frazier: Let me just summarize. First of all, I thank you all for staying on the phone so long as you did. Really quickly, as a management team, we’re very excited about where Merck is today. Our goals are two. One is growth, the second is innovation. Everything that we’ve talked about with respect to our portfolio is to put together the right combination of assets that will allow us to drive the greatest amount of growth going forward. We’re pleased that we have some very strong assets in our business now. Eight of our top 10 brands grew double digit last year. We want to continue to grow our company, and I restate that we expect to grow earnings off the new 2014 base going forward. But the most important thing in our business for the long term is innovation, and we are excited by the evidence of progress that we’re seeing in the Merck research labs. MK3475 obviously is one of the first and most important of those things. But HCV, vorapaxar, additional catalysts like suvorexant, odanacatib, and other things coming forward this year, we’re extraordinarily excited by what can happen for Merck in the near future, and we would just say stay tuned. We believe that we’re going to have very exciting things to report. Thank you.
Adam Schechter: If you look at 2013, we really did prioritize our investments and we made sure that we focused on the best opportunities for long term growth. So in areas like diabetes, we actually increased our spend in 2013. In other areas, we significantly decreased our spend. As we go into 2014, we’re going to continue to prioritize and focus on the best investment opportunities that we have. So I mentioned, for example, that we’re building Merck’s oncology business unit. So we’ll be increasing in the United States significantly and other parts of the world as well, the number of people that we have to prepare for the launch of that product. At the same time, in other parts of our business, where we’re deprioritizing, we’ll be reducing our SG&A pretty significantly. Overall, in the United States we’ve had significant reductions over the past several years in our field sales force. We think we’re about rightsized now. But we’ll continue to look for opportunities for growth to make sure we prioritize them appropriately.
Adam Schechter: Thanks for the question, and talking about PD1 gets me just as excited as Roger, and I can’t wait until I have more to say about that when we start to launch. With regard to your question on Januvia, if you look at the full year sales in ’13, we had 5% growth ex-exchange. If you look at 2014, we expect growth in 2014. The macro trends support a growing market. In the U.S., it looks like the decline has stabilized. Now the question is, can we get it to turn around, and we’re working hard to see if we can do that. Internationally, the market is growing, and we expect that growth. We have high penetration in some markets, like in Japan, but we have other opportunities in the international markets we believe we can get volume growth as well. We expect some pricing pressure internationally. You’ve heard about the repricing of the BPP4s in Japan. That will occur effective April, but it’s going to affect the wholesalers in February and March. And that could be a maximum of 15%, although we don’t and won’t have the exact number until March. We also have good data in Germany, where they looked at Januvia and said that there was incremental benefit versus the products in the market. We don’t know the magnitude of the price decrease, but there will be some price decrease, we expect, in Germany. But net-net, we expect to grow in 2014.
Adam Schechter: Regarding the top 10 markets, the top 10 markets represent a very significant amount of our total sales. So what we were signaling is, we have to be successful in those markets in order to grow in the future. That does not mean that there aren’t other markets that remain important for growth opportunities. So we’ll make sure that we invest in the top 10 markets and we first and foremost have the right promotional resources and resources in those markets. And then we’ll look at the other markets on an individual basis to ensure that we maximize those, albeit we might use different models and different approaches in those markets.
