Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Lara, and good morning. Welcome to Merck's First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Today, I'm joined by Ken Frazier, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Davis, our President; Dr. Dean Li, President of Merck Research Labs; Frank Clyburn, President of Human Health; and Caroline Litchfield, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started, I'd like to point out a few items. You will see that we have items in our GAAP results such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs and certain other items. You should note that we have excluded these from our non-GAAP results and provided a reconciliation in our press release. I would also like to remind you that some of the statements that we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are made based on the current beliefs of Merck's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties.  If our underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2020 10-K, identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any of our forward-looking statements made this morning. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings, today's earnings release and an investor presentation with highlights of our results are all posted on merck.com.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ken.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, Dean. Lara, we're ready for questions, but I'd like to end the call today at 9:00. We ask that questioners limit themselves to one question, please.
Peter Dannenbaum: Thank you, everybody. We're right at the top of the hour. We appreciate the questions this morning and the discussion, and we look forward to any follow-ups in the coming days. Thank you all very much.
Robert Davis: Thanks, Ken, and good morning, everyone. This is Ken's 42nd and final earnings call as CEO. And on behalf of all of us here at Merck, we thank him for his profound contributions to this company, to the scientific community and to our customers and patients around the world. We wish him much success and happiness as he embarks on life after his distinguished career as the CEO of Merck, and we look forward to his continuing counsel as he serves as our Executive Chairman.  As I transition to the CEO role, one of my immediate priorities is to ensure that our experienced and empowered leadership team continues building on the strong foundation and positive momentum we have across the company. To that end, I'm very pleased to welcome Caroline Litchfield to the Executive Committee as our new Chief Financial Officer. Caroline most recently served as Merck's Treasurer and prior to this, was Head of Finance for our Human Health business. She's had a distinguished 30-year career at Merck, serving in finance roles across different regions and businesses and is exceptionally well positioned to lead our finance organization and provide strategic insight as a member of our senior leadership team.  I'm also very pleased by the expansion of Frank's role to the President of our Human Health business, including both our commercial and marketing operations. Frank's insight and leadership have been critical drivers of Merck's success over the past decade, particularly as we've built out our oncology business and achieved extraordinary commercial success. In addition, I've been working closely with Dean to ensure that the connection between the commercial and research operations remain strong. R&D is the lifeblood of Merck. And Dean and his team are fully committed to driving scientific innovation and in efficiently allocating resources to our most promising pipeline opportunities.  While our portfolio continues to feel the impacts of the pandemic, we are confident that underlying demand for our products remain strong, and we are optimistic that a more normal environment is beginning to emerge. We've executed important business development transactions this quarter and we made meaningful advancements in our pipeline. Frank, Caroline and Dean will speak to this in a moment, but I'll first give you an update on where I've been focusing during this transition period.  I've been spending a lot of time with the leadership team and many others across the company to ensure we have open lines of communication and a clear path towards continued success. I'm using my time as President to listen to employees throughout the organization to help me flesh out further my own perspectives on our go-forward strategy and to begin to shape our priorities to deliver it. In the meantime, I'm focused on ensuring that we continue to execute on the significant commercial and development opportunities we have in the short term to realize our meaningful growth potential while also taking the necessary steps to transform our operating model to best prepare us for the evolving health care landscape over the long term.  To that end, we will continue to focus on delivering our late-stage pipeline and advancing programs out of our robust and growing early-stage pipeline. And we will continue to augment our efforts through internal business development focused on meaningful asset additions. The acquisitions of Pandion and its potentially foundational immunology asset and the HIV collaboration with Gilead Sciences are great examples of transactions completed this quarter that each has significant value creation potential.  Finally, we will continue to take the necessary steps to help shape Merck into a leaner, more focused and agile company such as the upcoming spin-off we're working on. We look forward to hosting an Investor Day on Monday, during which the full Organon leadership team will highlight its strategy and opportunities for growth. We expect to complete the spin-off on June 2, with trading on the new stock commencing on June 3.  In closing, we remain confident that our business is well positioned for strong long-term growth. Our mission will continue to be the fuel that drives our company forward and gives us purpose. Namely, we will continue to be focused on scientific innovation aimed at addressing significant unmet medical needs that improve the lives of the patients we serve. I firmly believe that by keeping patients at the center of everything we do, we create the most value for all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders.  With that, I'll turn the call to Frank.
Robert Davis: Yes. Chris, this is Rob. Maybe I'll address the question. As you point out, the company is very well-capitalized, and we are looking forward to getting the $9 billion special dividend as part of the spin-off of Organon. As we look at it, and as Caroline made in her prepared comments, we intend to use that capital both for business development and potentially share repurchase, but our clear priority is business development. We believe that's the most value-enhancing use of our capital, long term.  To the question of whether or not I think there's enough assets out there, there are a lot of opportunities. So our goal is to deploy that capital to BD. And more time will have to pass to be able to see how that evolves. But that is our goal. But to your other question, if we do not ultimately use that capital for business development, I'm not looking to build excess cash or improve our ratings. We would return that to shareholders.  And then to the last part of your question about size, we've been very clear. We are open to any opportunity to add a meaningful asset. Size is not determined by dollars. Size is determined by complexity and the disruption it brings to our business. So as we look at it, we are open to all forms of deals, and we have the capital to go after all forms of deals. We continue to believe where we add a lot of value is in products that are in earlier stages of development, which is what's driven a lot of the deals we've done, but we're not limiting ourselves to that, and we're looking at all opportunity.
Robert Davis: Yes. Well, I think to maybe just hit the nail on the head of the first part of your question. I do think that our belief and confidence in the overall value of our pipeline, both what we have in the mid- to late stage, and I can go into more specifics on what that is, as well as in the early stage on top of what we see as continued opportunities to expand in oncology, in the neoadjuvant/adjuvant spaces, in combinations, in co-formulation, if you look at the totality of everything, we continue to believe, and over time, I recognize we're going to have to demonstrate, but we continue to believe that, frankly, The Street is underestimating the potential in our pipeline.  And thus, while we are very aware of the potential LOE of KEYTRUDA, we do not see the cliff in the same way The Street does. I think we're very well positioned with what we have internally to address a meaningful part of that. And then obviously, as we said, we understand we need to continue to be urgent and looking at business development to continue to augment it. But I do think there is a disconnect. And over time, I'm confident we will be able to demonstrate.  As it goes to long-term guidance, I don't want to take a specific position today on whether or not we would ever do that, but I can tell you historically, I do agree with the position Merck has had, which is that can paint you into corners that caused you to make decisions that are not always in the best long-term interest. So I doubt you're going to see us giving 10-year guidance on what you've heard from others. But we'll have to see. I think, though, what is important to understand is I recognize also, though, over time, we're going to have to pull the cover back in a balanced way around our portfolio. I respect our science and I want to make sure we keep the integrity of our science pure, and that's very important. That's who Merck is. But I also understand that there is a balance to give some sense of understanding of what's in the pipeline to share our confidence over time.
Robert Davis: Yes. So on PNEUMOVAX, what I would say is that if you look at what happened in the first quarter of this year, we were down versus prior year because of the strong 2020 and the prioritization of the pneumococcal vaccination. We do anticipate, as you build around the rest of 2021, pneumococcal vaccination will start to be prioritized along with flu vaccinations. So we do anticipate, as you get to the back half of the year, you'll see PNEUMOVAX really have an important role to play.  We have also mentioned that we were supply-constrained as you look at PNEUMOVAX, especially in some of our markets around the world. But overall, we see it as a very important product going forward. As we introduce V114 and V116 and the initial introduction of V114, we still see PNEUMOVAX playing a very important role for pneumococcal disease going forward.
Robert Davis: Well, as you look and, again, just to reiterate what you just commented, on our call on Monday is really solely focused on building out and helping explain the growth story for Organon. But if you look at where Merck has been over the last few years, we've been in a situation where we've been blessed with the benefits of what KEYTRUDA has been able to do. That has required us to do heavy investments to build out our oncology platform, to invest in the clinical studies for oncology and now more broadly, as we look at all of what we have going on in vaccines and even now with this islatravir in infectious diseases. So the challenge has been, in new ways, we had to prioritize, and we made a decision to deprioritize some of the assets that fit within the Organon portfolio. Many of those are still very good assets. And as you know, particularly in the women's health area, an opportunity for real growth.  So I believe through focus, through being able to actually drive their own capital allocation aimed at building those businesses and the focus they'll be able to bring, they will accelerate the growth across, not only the women's health business, but excitement around what they have in their biosimilars business. And then there are several areas, if you look that they'll highlight next week where I think they can get to a point of growth. So a lot of it is really about focus and capital allocation in a way that we haven't been able to do. While on our side, we believe with the spin, the simplification it brings will allow us to go after a lot of -- and I've talked about this in the past, a lot of the, as I've called it, if you will, think of it as the muscle. The fat that is chewing throughout the muscle in this company, given the complexity of our structure that's been built up over time, looking at those areas that sit between our divisions, as we think about manufacturing and commercial, as we think about supply chain and all of those are opportunities for us to simplify and to take out unneeded bureaucratic complexity, that simplification and focus will allow us to bring more resources to bear against our innovative portfolio and to drive faster growth that Caroline commented on.  So I think both businesses, you're going to see grow better as independent businesses than they would as a combined entity, and I'm confident in the story for both. And frankly, I'm excited about having a women's-health-focused business at this time in where we are as a society. I think there's a real opportunity for us to lead there. And that's what I'm looking forward to see Organon do.
Robert Davis: Maybe I'll just start, and then I'll turn it over to Dean. As you look at the opportunities, I do think you're going to see, in that '24 to '25 time frame, more information. The best example you can look at is what's happened with Peloton. And most recently, we're already seeing HIF-2 alpha move forward in important ways. There's many data coming out on that and see that as a meaningful opportunity.  But maybe I'll turn it to Dean to give a sense because I do believe you are going to see more information as we get in the time frame you're talking about from a lot of these business development deals, given the nature of a lot of the oncology assets.
Dean Li: So I'll address the KEYNOTE-564 question. In relationship to what the regulatory agencies will accept, we're clearly going to have discussions with them. But the endpoint that we reported is a registrational endpoint. And we hope to have further discussions with the FDA. Clearly, we are advancing the study to do the other endpoints that you outlined in terms of overall survival as well.
Dean Li: So let me take that question. Thank you very much for that question. We're very confident in our molnupiravir program. As you outlined, we are advancing the outpatient. And I should also say that we are poised to start the Phase III portion of that outpatient study imminently. As you know, this is a global trial with a recruitment strategy focused in areas where we are looking at vaccination rates that are unfortunately low. So we are in Africa, we are in South America. Those will be very important sites. We anticipate that there will be more than 100 sites to contribute. This is a global study.  In terms of your question in relationship with India, we are -- we have entered into a voluntary license agreement with 5 Indian generic manufacturers to expand global access to molnupiravir. At this time, we are not extending our clinical trial for MOVe-OUT into India. And then finally, what I would say is our clinical safety and virologic data gives us great confidence to evaluate molnupiravir, not just in the MOVe-OUT study, but also for postexposure prophylaxis in a study starting later this year.
Dean Li: Yes. That's a great question. This is Dean. I'll try to give a scientific point of view and then I'll now send it to Frank to give a more commercial sort of point of view.  In relationship to molnupiravir, we think we are imminently going to do the Phase III trial in the outpatient setting, as was noted in the previous question. We're tightening up the inclusion criteria, reducing the allowable symptom duration for enrollment to be less than 5 days, and we're trying to enroll patients early in the course of disease who have a high risk for poor outcomes. That includes age and other risk factors such as obesity and diabetes. So we think that will be critically important to have a successful and timely trial.  In relationship to the postexposure prophylaxis, there's a number of ways one can design that trial. But if I can just take it as a higher elevation, we think that this MOVe-OUT and the prophylaxis studies is going to be very important, not just for Merck but for the world. As one sees the different places of vaccination, some of it albeit extremely low, it's creating a reservoir for variants -- the ability to have a small molecule that can easily be delivered orally is going to be really important for the world. So that's what we've been focused on.  But let me turn it to Frank to focus on the framework that you've asked in terms of the commercial impact.
Dean Li: Thank you for that excellent question. This is Dean. Let me give a little bit of framework for the mRNA. I would reemphasize that Merck has been very interested in mRNA and other nucleic acid technology and specifically in the vaccine in mRNA. For the past 5 to 6 years, Merck has partnered with Moderna on vaccines for infectious disease and vaccines for cancer. The validation of the mRNA technology in COVID is impressive and at least, personally, is deserving of admiration and thanks. We continue to be interested in mRNA and other nucleic-acid-based technologies, including viral-based platforms, for vaccines.  I would highlight, and specific to your question about GARDASIL, when you have multiple sort of antigens that you have to deliver, I think there is a role for those sort of platforms, protein-based. I think there's going to be many different platforms that need to be done specifically for the vaccine and the threat that you're trying to prevent. So RNA and other nucleic-acid-based technologies is important to us, including viral-based platforms. But we also think that broader speaking, there are other protein subunit, other vaccine platforms that will still be relevant moving forward.
Dean Li: Yes. Thank you for that question. Let me just take a high level and then answer the temporal question that was asked. The sort of opportunities that we look for, both in our internal pipeline and external pipeline, we like -- or I like assets that give me concentration leverage, foundational drugs where clear monotherapy efficacy gives me a fulcrum for combination. And specifically in relationship to cancer, that allows us to expand, deepen and extend. And as we look for these foundational medicines and the recent discussions with Gilead and Pandion, it just shows that, that sort of attitude of how we want to sort of proceed where we're taking foundational medicines and we're matching them with internal and external pipeline so that we can diversify the pipeline.  And specific to your question, I would look at the '21 to '24 range. There's a whole slew of Lynparza, Lenvima, KEYTRUDA study that you will see, a lot of it driving to adjuvant at earlier stages. I think there's at least 20 registrational trials. I sort of laid out maybe 4 or so that you'll see in the next year. In relationship to the business development, what you will see is in the '24, '25 time frame, things like the islatravir, Tilos, Seagen, that was also CTLA-4, LAG-3 TIGIT, all of them will be in striking range to not just see sort of Phase II studies but potentially interim analysis or even complete analysis of those assets in that time frame. So you'll see these different ways going through.
