Alex Kelly: Thanks, Brooke, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Merck's 2011 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I want to point out a couple of things. First, there are a number of items in the GAAP results this quarter such as acquisition-related charges, restructuring costs and a one-time tax benefit. We have excluded those items in our non-GAAP reconciliation tables, so you can get a better sense of the underlying performance. Next, we've also provided tables to help you understand the revenue trends. So in our press release, you see 3 tables. First table is the GAAP results. The second table reconciles GAAP to non-GAAP P&L. And the third table provides the sales results of the company, the products and the business units. During the call, we'll be referring mostly to Tables 2 and 3 when we discuss our performance. Finally, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements we make during today's call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs  of Merck's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings, including Item 1A in the 2010 10-K, identify certain risk factors and cautionary statements that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. Merck undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement. The SEC filings, as well as our earnings release and the tables are available on our website at merck.com. So now we're ready to begin. This morning, I'm joined by Ken Frazier, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Schechter, our President of Global Human Health; and Peter Kellogg, our Chief Financial Officer. Now I'd like to introduce Ken Frazier.
Alex Kelly: Thanks, Peter. And now we're ready to open up the call to answer your questions. [Operator Instructions] So Brooke, we're now ready to begin the Q&A.
Alex Kelly: Yes. And Steve, it's Alex. I would just note that on our website we do -- on the merckvaccines.com there is a supply statement that's posted there and that indicates when we plan to ship orders based on when they are received. So we're still in a delay of shipping orders from the time they're received.
Adam Schechter: Catherine, I'll answer the first question. So giving you a directional sense of the pricing of VICTRELIS, it's going to be about the same as that in the U.S.
Adam Schechter: And then, Marc, I'll answer your question with regard to JANUMET XR. So we received a complete response letter related to the resolution of pre-approval inspection issues. And the issues do not require any further clinical studies. We anticipate being able to respond to their questions very quickly within weeks and that we anticipate the issues will be resolved quickly.
Adam Schechter: Yes, so with regard to telcagepant, it was a decision to discontinue the development of it because of an assessment of data that we had across the clinical program that included findings from our recently competed Phase III studies. So the Phase III studies are completed. Based upon that and the data, we made the decision to discontinue the clinical development program. And I think that we continue to look for ways that we could try to eliminate programs quicker where it makes sense, and I think there's some learnings from this, but also we continue to evaluate ways that we can end programs when they make sense as quickly as possible.
Adam Schechter: So Jamie, let me give you a little more color on VICTRELIS and I'm going to start with sales are $21 million, and those were strong initial orders that were part of the launch and we've already seen reorders already occurring. And the way I think about the initial orders is most wholesalers look to get a couple months of supply and you have to look at the cost of a month of supply, it gives you a sense of what that initial ordering was. In terms of what we're seeing in the U.S., first of all, most healthcare professionals haven't even written for either of the PIs right now. Less than 10% of the targeted prescribing universe of 8,000 physicians have already initiated a patient on triple therapy. So that's why I keep saying it's still very early. What we're hearing qualitatively from market research and also from our field representatives and also with physicians that I've talked with is that they see a very strong and good efficacy profile with VICTRELIS. They believe there's good overall safety and tolerability profile with no surprises and the dosing of personalized therapy, they believe it's a bit complicated, but they believe it'll become easier over time. So it's early. There's still a lot of work to do, but it's going well. In terms of the Roche co-promotion, that is going well also. They are out there with material to be able to talk about the appropriate use of VICTRELIS with their physicians. And we see that, that co-promotion agreement is going well, and that's why we were excited to expand it outside the U.S. to other parts of the world. With regards to the European label, we're pleased with the label. EPO use, as you know, varies market by market, but they deal with the issues that they need to deal with already with PEGINTRON. So I believe that they'll be able to figure how they want to deal with the issues around EPO market by market. In terms of PEGINTRON, sales were lower primarily due to the continued warehousing of HCV patients as they're still bringing these patients into the market, and there's a lot of clinical trials out there, which also accounts for lower use of PEGINTRON.
Adam Schechter: And Tim, this is Adam. With regard to IMPROVE-IT, the 75% interim look will occur this year, and we also plan to file the eze/atorva combination product in 2011 as well.
Adam Schechter: And let me give you some color on China. So we're pleased with the performance in China. And the way I think about our strategy in China, it really is to develop a significant presence with Merck Sharp & Dohme, but to partner with local companies to augment our capabilities and also to expand our reach significantly. We currently have about 5,000 people in China. We have about 3,500 sales representatives and we continue to increase our sales representatives, but they're concentrated primarily in the largest provinces in China. With deals like Simcere, we're able to expand our reach into other provinces in China, but also capitalize on their knowledge and know-how to operate within the Chinese market. And I think that, that's very helpful and very important. In addition to that, we're looking for ways to improve our access through multi-channel capabilities. We already have the ability to reach 170,000 physicians in China that our representatives don't call on through multi-channel capabilities, whether it be mobile technology, teleconferencing capabilities and other ways, e-mail and so forth. So we continue to look to utilize technology, which in China there's multiple different technologies we can use to expand our reach. So we look at it as a way for us to invest, but to invest where it makes sense from multinational company to invest and then to utilize partnerships where partnerships can help us significantly.
Adam Schechter: And it's really is just too early to give you percents in breakdown. I can tell you we're doing a lot of work, a lot of research to understand the mix, but the data that's out there is really not robust enough to give you a number that I feel confident is a right number. Let us continue to do some more work. I'll have some more information and I'll be able to share on the next quarter call, and we'll share with you the best information we have that we believe is accurate as soon as we can.
Kenneth Frazier: And on the biosimilars question, first of all, we'll have a lot more about -- to say about this in November, but let me assure you that we are working to ensure that we have in place all the capabilities necessary to succeed in this marketplace. We realize that it's important for us to get these products to market early on and that means that we have to have all aspects of our production chain in place.
Kenneth Frazier: Let me just reiterate how I am thinking about the additional cost savings of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. As I said earlier, my overall intent is that most of this, not all of it, will drop to the bottom line through a combination, first of all, of investments that drive top line growth. Secondly, some reductions of our operating cost base. So I'm looking at it from the standpoint of what I've said all along, which is that we intend to invest with high ROI hurdles in what we think are good growth opportunities on the top line while at the same time, having a very strong bottom line. And so as I sit here today, I don't know all the opportunities that we'll have to reinvest some of the savings to justify longer-term and short-term growth. But I do anticipate that some of it will be invested in the top line and other parts of it will be sent to the bottom line directly by reducing operating costs.
Kenneth Frazier: As I said when I withdrew the long-term guidance, the way that I intend to run this company is I intend to make smart investments that will drive our long-term profitability and growth, and that continues to be my view of how I should look at this company. What matters in the long term, as far as I'm concerned is, are we making the right investments in our product portfolio to grow it, products like JANUVIA and ISENTRESS and others? Are we making the right investments today that allow us to have a long-term profitable growth strategy in the emerging markets? And then lastly, are we being smart about the investments that we make on internal and external R&D? That's basically where I continue to see the company going. I don't intend to reinstate the long-term guidance. What I believe is the case is that we need to be flexible and responsive and adaptive to whatever happens in the outside world. But my ambition, I want to just underscore, is to grow the top line with a leveraged P&L, and I will continue to deal with the issues that I confront, both opportunities and challenge, with that model of a company in mind.
Kenneth Frazier: Tim, Thanks for the comment. I appreciate your sharing of views. I continue to believe that the right approach for us, at this time, is to continue to invest in what we believe would be profitable growth opportunities to grow the top line with a leveraged P&L, and that's where we are at the moment. And I continue to think that in the world in which we're operating, my responsibility is to make the right investments to drive growth in the long term, but also to allow the company to be adaptive to what's happening in the environment, and that's again, how I intend to run the company.
Kenneth Frazier: Okay, David. I'm going to turn it over to Adam, but I will just say from a big picture standpoint, I continue to believe that the right way to approach a big must-win market like China is to not necessarily duplicate the model that we've had in the developed markets. A model that, frankly, we are now, in some ways, dismantling in these markets. I think the right thing is to decide how you can be flexible and how you can ensure that the growth that you have today and in the future is profitable growth in those markets. We know the pricing is different in those markets. We know that it's helpful to actually have partners in those markets who know the markets, who can help us have the right kind of cost structure. So that's my overall view is, I want to have growth. I think there's tremendous opportunity in these markets, but it has to be profitable growth that rewards shareholders.
Kenneth Frazier: Greg, I would say, first of all, with respect to R&D what we're doing in R&D is a continuous effort to provide more rigor and focus on ROI. That preceded the latest announcements. The latest announcements will affect R&D in the same way that it affects the rest of the company. We're really trying to go at administrative headquarters type personnel, the people who are, in effect, not directly as involved in discovery and development. We're trying to spare what we call revenue generating. You might think of it as more aimed at indirect labor than direct labor, if I can put it that way. I think on the Animal Health situation, I would say that we think we have a very strong business. It's the #2 business in the world in terms of size. We think it has really good profit margin. We see an opportunity to build on that business as we go forward, and we're going to look for really good opportunities to build on top of that business where we can create shareholder value. We think there's really great macro trends that affect that business, so we're very happy with that. We also are happy with our Consumer business, although I frankly acknowledge that the Consumer business could benefit from having greater scale and particularly internationally. And again, the way that I think about that is, I have to look at that as a part of our portfolio and look at the opportunities that we have across the entire portfolio in terms of how we run, in effect, our internal capital markets, in terms of how we allocate capital to create the most return for shareholders. So I would just say that Animal Health and Consumer are important to us. They are a part of our strategy. How we proceed to make them even more meaningful in the context of Merck is, I think, the challenge that we have going forward, but we will not make investments anywhere unless we think they will pay off for shareholders.
Kenneth Frazier: Why don't I take that, and I'll answer your first question and then get to the second. For hepatitis C, we had $21 million in stocking, and there's a couple of ways to think about it. The first one is, we were approved in the middle of May. If physicians were going to do a 4-week lead-in, which is the label, then we'd have about 2 weeks worth of actual prescriptions according to label. Now we know some physicians already had patients on INTRON and just added VICTRELIS immediately. So it's very difficult for us to know exactly how many physicians were following the 4-week lead-in exactly or how many were adding to patients that were already on PEGINTRON. The second thing to think about is the wholesalers think about how many months of inventory they want to have on the shelves. And based upon the number of months they want to have on the shelves, they'll purchase that from us. When you think about the cost of VICTRELIS per month, then you have to think about how many months of supply the $21 million could actually equate to. What I will tell you is that wholesalers have begun to reorder already. In terms of the IMS data, the other thing to think about is that most of this business goes through specialty pharmacies and the IMS data is not nearly as robust in specialty pharmacies. We are shipping to almost all of the specialty pharmacies. There's over 20 of them out there, and IMS ability to report depends on which specialty pharmas actually give data to them. We don't have insight into that. So at this point in time, it's just way too early to try to look at share from IMS data or to actually try to extrapolate share from sales data because the cost of therapy per month is very different between the 2 products. With regard to China, it's about $200 million per quarter. We grew 30% this quarter.
Kenneth Frazier: And then with regard to the 25% of sales in emerging markets, the answer is, yes, that is still our target.
Kenneth Frazier: Well, on the second one, I think that we will be able to address that in greater detail at our annual business briefing. Certainly, we ran into issues with the molecule here. I wouldn't necessarily extend that logic to all molecules in a class. I'm not saying one way or the other. I think that's a question that we continue to look at in our research labs, and we'll have more to say about that. In terms of the run rate in the second quarter, we were pleased in the second quarter to have available supply to clear significant number of accumulated back orders. We're continuing to work to release doses as quickly as possible going forward. But as inventory builds, we may have additional back orders going forward. So I would say that I can't say that the supply in the second quarter necessarily dictates quarterly sales going forward. What I can tell you is that we are working diligently to solve the issues. So that, as we go forward, we can get out of back order and assure the kind of supply that the marketplace is looking for with respect to a vaccine that is well received.
Kenneth Frazier: Yes. First of all, I thank you all for being on the call today. And just to remind you, the way we're thinking about the future in this company we're very optimistic that we can grow both the top and the bottom line in this company over time. What that means, first of all, is that we have to be really focused on executing in the in-line products we have and the launch products we have and in the pipeline importantly. In terms of ensuring that we can make the necessary investments to drive top line growth, we're also focused on our cost structure. We recognize that we are facing a SINGULAIR patent expiration next year, as well as an environment that is a lot tougher than in the past. And so we're determined to look at our cost structure to make the kinds of changes to allow the company to operate at a lower cost base and to be able to adapt to the market conditions and to take advantage of the opportunities that we believe that Merck has in front of it. So thank you very much for listening today. We look forward to talking to you again in the future.
Peter Kellogg: And Catherine, I would just note that we have identified 3 of the programs already in biosimilars. So first is, the Enbrel biosimilar that we just announced with Hanwha and then we have 2. We have a Neupogen biosimilar in development and also a Neulasta biosimilar in development as well. More to come.
Peter Kellogg: Sure. So as you know, the AstraZeneca JV has a -- or AstraZeneca, the company has an option that they can exercise next year. And of course, we have no insight. And I think they've actually articulated they haven't made a decision yet. So at this point though, and what we've always assumed is that they would exercise their option probably some time during the first half of next year. And obviously, we have no insight to that, but it's just planning assumption that we make to think about that. Of course, if they do exercise their option then our equity income will be reduced following the close of that, but we'll get a payment as it's calculated in the agreement. At this point though, and unfortunately, Seamus, we really don't have anything else to add. It's really their decision, and I think they've articulated they haven't yet made that decision.
Peter Kellogg: Okay. Chris, I think, actually, all those questions are mine. So that's great I think -- let me take the first one, which is the restructuring and let me holistically answer that one. So going back to the merger value capture piece, the $3.5 billion, as we come to the midyear point right now, we're basically at about the $2.5 billion out of $3.5 billion achievement level in terms of savings and productivity inefficiencies from that. So we feel pretty good about that. The additional announcement we made today will rollout over the next couple of years. So it is not all active this year. It'll begin kicking in probably more significantly in 2012 because of actions taken as we go through the balance of this year. So that's probably the way I would assume it is, we'll continue to move forward on the value -- original value capture and this new plan will really take the balance of this year to get rolling and start to see some benefits as we go into next year. On the share repurchase, we were active actually during the quarter on share repurchase. We actually repurchased 9 million shares for something in the neighborhood of $300 million. So as of midyear, we have $6.1 billion outstanding on the board authorized share repurchase program. Obviously, offsetting that was the timing of stock grants to employees in the first half of the year. So that's our status, and we do sense that we will -- on an ongoing basis, see a downward trend on shares outstanding. I think that's a fair assumption given the share repurchase program we have outstanding. So that's certainly an ongoing program. Finally, in terms of net debt, as you know, we have a slight net debt position today. And the way we think about it as we think about that holistically relative to our credit rating, and I think, we'd be glad to go through into that more detail, but we worked very closely with the credit rating agencies and understand their methodology and applying that methodology to our balance sheet and our business mix and portfolio, we target to be in the credit rating or have the credit score that we have right now. And we don't intend to have that go up very importantly as our balance sheet strengthens nor do we intend to have it go down unless something catastrophic or significant happen. So -- and I think we kind of announced that at the start -- announcement of the merger that we were targeting this credit rating zone and that we would try to stay there for as much as possible. Now you'll see on our balance sheet that for the second quarter, as we finish the second quarter, we had about $16.5 billion of cash and investments and about $18 billion of debt. That's the detail, but a slight net debt position. But we really focus on the credit rating, and we like where we are. But very importantly, as we go forward in future years, we do not intend to have the credit rating go up, which means that obviously we would be very shareholder friendly as we continue to have strong cash flows. We do not plan to have that build up on the balance sheet.
