Robert Davis: Yeah, Geoff. I appreciate the question. And with regards to the IRA, obviously our concern, and I think it's just worth reinforcing is about what we see as an untenable challenge to innovation in the industry. And that's really the principal reason that drove us to bring the suit. But to your question, as you know now, there are four drug companies actually in total, including Merck have raised suits, all largely following the same types of arguments in addition to -- we have the chamber filed a suit as well as the trade group pharma. So we're all moving forward and our belief is that the provisions, particularly the negotiation provision of the IRA is in violation of both the fifth and the first amendment of the constitution and is not a good policy. That's what brought us to bring to suit. As we look forward, we're going to take this to the fullest, which means we'll take it through district court, and if need be, in the circuit court and ultimately to the Supreme Court. So really, that's the strategy. I don't want to comment on other companies and whether you're going to see additional companies come in beyond the four that are in now. As far as any kind of triggers to watch for, not really. Because while obviously we have set dates for the initial discovery and some of the initial hearings, this is going to take a while to play out. What I do think is highly likely is that we will be able to see this resolved by the time we get into the 2026 time frame. That's really what we're thinking about and moving through the various courts as needed. But I don't really think you're going to see any large indicator in the near term. This is a longer-term play.
Robert Davis: Yeah. No, thank you. Thanks, Dean, and thanks, Seamus, for the question. As Dean just summarized, the data is pretty much about as good as you could expect. So as we sit here today, we're very confident in what this vaccine can offer both in the United States, and we do believe there is a meaningful opportunity for us to take this internationally. So we're going to have to see how it plays out. But as we sit here today, we are excited about this product and ready to launch as soon as we get approval to do so because we do think, as Dean pointed out, we give 85% coverage. That's 30% better than Prevnar 20. It's also better than any other vaccine currently in development. So we think this is an important drug. And when you combine it with what we have with VAXNEUVANCE, our pneumococcal franchise is a significant opportunity that we think could be multibillion as we go out into the future. So this is something we're invested in and we're going to continue to drive aggressively.
Robert Davis: Yeah. Akash, thanks for the question. I'll let Dean speak to the science side of this. But from a business perspective, we actually have had a presence in immunology. You might recall that across Europe and outside the United States, we sold Remicade. So we've been involved -- and Symphony. So we've been involved in this space. As we sit here today, we don't see a significant commercial build. We think actually we can leverage a lot of the capabilities we have. We will invest in this area for success. And then Dean can comment that we have been building on the science side. Obviously, we did the Pandion acquisition, building off the learning from immuno-oncology into the immunology space and now with Prometheus as well as we brought in some really top talent in both the discovery and development area in this area. So I think we're well positioned to drive this business. And obviously, we're always open to continuing to look for additional business development. But it's not something I think we have to do to fill a gap. It's more of how do we continue to augment for further growth.
Robert Davis: Yeah. And Chris, on the business development question. As Caroline noted in the prepared remarks, we continue to have ample firepower to do deals. And while I can tell you, I feel very confident and I know the team feels very confident about the progress we're making with our internal pipeline and with the BD we've already done. If you look forward, we're going to be -- we've either recently announced or will be announcing a number of important Phase III assets across oncology with basically every area of the business, cardiometabolic, what we see in vaccines as well as important upcoming launches. We've talked about V116 data, sotatercept. We can go down the line. So I feel very good about the progress. That being said, we continue to have a priority to do business development. So you should not necessarily expect a slowdown. If and when assets that bring important scientific opportunities present themselves, where we see an alignment with strategy and where we can see value creation, we have the capacity and we will be and are willing to act on those. So we’re actively looking and we’ll continue to drive deals because while I feel very good about where we are, we’re talking about trying to build a sustainable engine well into the next decade. And we want to continue to add to the firepower we have coming out of our own discovery and development labs as well.
Robert Davis: Yeah. So I'll start and Caroline can add in if I miss something here. But the high-level answer is we see a lot of room for continued growth both in early-stage cancers, the ones where we have current indications, and importantly, ones that are still coming. So kind of running through the list, triple-negative breast cancer obviously, has driven important growth, both in the adjuvant, neoadjuvant and metastatic setting. It was a big driver of growth last year in the United States. It's a driver of growth in the U.S. this year. That will slow into next year in the U.S., but we're seeing it picking up outside the United States because we're at an earlier phase in the launch across the world. So that will continue to be an important area. And then you saw today, we announced important data in KEYNOTE-756. So that is promising for a future indication that we could potentially see coming down the path in early-stage breast cancer as well. If you look at lung cancer, we continue to expect growth. In fact, we're growing in lung cancer now, both internationally and in the U.S. But importantly, what's going to drive growth longer term is as we continue to penetrate into earlier lines of therapy, obviously we're early in the launch of KEYNOTE-091 in the United States and in certain markets outside the U.S. We're very excited about what KEYNOTE-761 could be and how that will help drive growth in non-small cell lung cancer. And then across RCC, continued good growth in the adjuvant setting, good growth in metastatic. We have what's coming with WELIREG, which is going to continue to broaden our opportunity there. Great growth coming in bladder cancer. I'll stop there, because I could go on but we want to get to other questions. The short answer is a lot of growth, a lot of opportunity with KEYTRUDA. We're going to make a big difference in a lot of patients' lives as we move forward with this drug.
Robert Davis: Yeah. Chris, this is Rob. So on the question of our infrastructure support and launch, we're actually well positioned. I would remind you that we currently market Adempas outside the United States, that is NPAH. So outside the U.S., we're going to be able to leverage our relationships and our infrastructure there. We -- obviously, we'll add to it. And then in the United States, this is in its first indications. Anyway, more of a rare disease. You're looking at about 150 specialty centers in the United States have actually prescribed this. So this -- we're not talking a large commercial footprint. This is more of a rare disease type of launch. And we've been focused on building out capabilities, particularly as we think about medical affairs, science liaisons and how do we manage the relationships, kind of the complex journey of patients facing these diseases with their physicians. A lot of work is already underway. So I'm quite confident we'll be prepared for our launch, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. Because as Dean mentioned, our belief, what this can be globally is much bigger than when we originally did the deal given what we expect to be the label we will see. As far as the reimbursement goes, to your point, this drug, especially in the United States is very well known. The specialists in the area already understand it. They're already waiting for it. We know there are patients waiting for it. So I think you could expect a pretty fast uptake of the drug, especially in the United States. Outside the U.S., we're going to have to drive for reimbursement. That will take longer. But I think in both cases, our expectations and confidence in both the speed of uptake and the potential total volume or total revenue potential of this drug is more significant today than when we did the deal, just given the strength of the stellar results and what we continue to expect. So we're quite bullish on this.
Robert Davis: Yeah. And on the question of how we think about the oral PCSK9 and would we delay for an outcome study, I think it's too early to make that kind of decision because, frankly, how we think about the outcome study and whether or not, and what kind of label we get before we have an outcome study is still something we’re working through. So we need to understand the label, we need to understand the timing of the outcome study. And until I know all those points, I wouldn’t want to get ahead of where we would be. So more to come. We’ve got some time on that one.
Robert Davis: Yeah. Well, I appreciate everyone investing time today with the call. And just really maybe to conclude, I just want to reinforce how confident I am about how well positioned we are to continue to drive value creation for patients, for shareholders and for all of our stakeholders well into the future. And again, I just really want to thank all of my great colleagues across the globe for their substantial efforts. We really do look forward to building on the progress we have in the second half of 2023 and beyond. And hopefully, what you took from our comments today, both prepared and in the Q&A, is our confidence in the progress we're making and really, the difference we can make for patients across an ever broadening area of therapeutic possibility. So it's exciting what we have in front of us right now. Thank you.
Dean Li: Yeah, so I'll take that. Thank you very much for the question in relationship to the Prometheus. Again, I just want to level set, for inflammatory bowel disease, there's a lot of cycling of anti-cytokines and then other mechanisms. Some of them actually have a black box. So we're very enthusiastic of moving forward with MK7240 or the TL1A. In relationship to the start of Phase III, the integration is going extremely well. We anticipate to be starting that Phase III this year for ulcerative colitis. And as other data comes in terms of Crohn's disease and other diseases, we'll adjust appropriately. So the start of the Phase III, we are targeting this year and the integration with our colleagues at Prometheus has gone extremely well.
Dean Li: Yeah. Thank you so much. So I'll just add a top line, just say I am pleased with the data and it gives me confidence in the path forward for V116. It's not just the data that's going to be presented, but this is going to be presented relatively soon at an international conference, but it's also the path to regulatory approval and eventually in the U.S. to ACIP. So this data is strong. And I just would recount that if approved, as you point out, it would be the first, the first adult-specific pneumococcal vaccine and it covers 85% of all pneumococcal disease in adults greater than -- or older than 65. The way that I think about the vaccine is a 21 valent, is that there's 10 shared with PCV20 and there's 11 uniques with PCV20. And as one looks at the data that will be coming out, one would see that in the shared one there, right, the question always in the shared one is, is there -- how does it compare with the shared ones with PCV20? And in that situation, it has met the non-inferior boundaries. And so I want to be clear about that. Clearly, the 11 unique serotypes are unique to V116. And so the issue for that is whether they're statistically significant, whether are clinically meaningful. And I'm confident as we move forward that, that will become clear. It's really hard to talk about superiority or anything like this when you're talking about the 11 unique serotypes. But I just want to step back because you've sort of touched on it a little bit. It validates the strategy of having an age appropriate serotype coverage. Just to remind everyone, V114 is 15 valent. It has 22F, 33F and has improved immunogenicity for serotype 3. And most importantly, it provides impotence protection within the first year of life. So that's how we thought about that age appropriate serotype coverage. And then V116 clearly is 21 valent invasive [indiscernible] pneumococcal disease and then is driving towards the adult market. But I'll turn it over to Rob to give some view of the prospects commercially, how we see it.
Dean Li: Yeah. I will just answer scientifically. I mean, what we've done with external partnerships or, I should say, acquisitions with Pandion and Prometheus, it should be very clear how interested we are in those fields. I would also note that each one of them has a lead compound that the focus is but there are also follow-on compounds that come through that will be important. And especially in relationship to both of them, Prometheus and Pandion, we've been blessed by the fact that many of those top talent have chosen to continue with us. So we're very confident in this build. The other [Technical Difficulty] is that separate to those external, there is an internal pipeline that is moving reasonably fast and will become more clear in the clinical space in the next few years as well.
Dean Li: Yeah. Thank you very much for that question about TROP-2 ADCs, especially in relation to the lung. So as a broader picture, I would just say that initially the focus will be in the metastatic, and then depending on how those play out, it may go into earlier stages of cancer as well more broadly. But as we talk about lung cancer, the critical question that the field has to answer us and others, is whether or not you can dethrone KEYNOTE-189. So we're all trying to dethrone Merck's standard of care, which is pembro plus chemo in first-line in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. I will just say, lots of people have tried to do it, including us and it's a high bar to try to overcome. And so the issue for us is how do you overcome that? Because I think if you can prove that an ADC can do that, that will be very important for the field. And so we have our data. It's -- we are very comfortable with the safety. But we think that it may be important to maximize the impact of the TROP-2 ADC so that you can give something meaningful benefit over KEYNOTE-189. So I think the biomarker could be important if what you're trying to do is displace KEYNOTE-189 because KEYNOTE-189 is a high bar to beat.
Dean Li: Yeah. So let me take the science part of that, Chris. In relationship to sotatercept in the STELLAR trial, I think the label in the U.S. will be reasonably clear and follow that of what the STELLAR trial is. I think one of the things that was really important is that when we declared it, we didn't just declare a 6-minute walk. We declared a time to clinical worsening and death, which was really important because I think that creates a different scenario for us than what we had predicted previously in our ability to go-to-market outside of the U.S. So I think that will be in the label within the FDA. But I think where it's important is it may change the speed with which the international markets adopt sotatercept. I hope that gives you that general sense. But as we move this forward, we are looking, and I think we've said previously that we would have the file complete. And I think given the general sense, we thought that we would be launching, at least within the U.S., in the earlier part of 2024.
Dean Li: Yeah. So let me just take care. I don't want to get too ahead of what's on clinical trials. But as I've emphasized, especially when we're thinking about first-line non-small cell lung cancer, given what we think is a standard of care, we think that it will be important to review that in the setting of a biomarker selection. And I just kind of want to leave it at that. The precise design will come out as the teams actually roll it out. But we think that, as I've said before, the biomarker strategy will be very important for our push of TROP-2 ADCs into lung cancer.
Dean Li: So I'll just step back a little bit. So the KEYNOTE-756, as you've noted, is an ER-positive HER2-negative, it's earlier stage, it is neoadjuvant/adjuvant. We've given -- based on the data that we've given in the press release that it's [indiscernible] in relationship to an interim. As you know, EFS is already event-based. And so the question is how fast do you accrue events in relationship to that. And our hope is -- the answer to your question is yes. But we will just have to see because they are event-based. I would just highlight, in KEYNOTE-522, which is triple negative breast, which is also earlier stage, which is also neoadjuvant/adjuvant and also at a positive path CR, we've demonstrated that path CR is a predictive of the future followed up by EFS. And so we'll have to just watch that data as that data advances.
