Kenneth C. Frazier: Thank you, Teri. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Before we discuss our results for the quarter, I would like to take a moment to reflect on the recent ESMO Congress where the latest data were presented from our KEYTRUDA, clinical development program for lung cancer, and simultaneously published in two major scientific journals. Many have noted the significant implications these results may have for the treatment of lung cancer, the deadliest type of cancer in the United States. And just yesterday, the FDA approved KEYTRUDA the only PD-1 therapy for the first line treatment of metastatic lung cancer making it an option for tens of thousands of lung cancer patients in the United States. For the first time in decades, the standard of care may change for lung cancer patients offering them renewed hope. This advancement is what Merck is all about and we are honored to be making a real difference in the fight against cancer. The recent KEYTRUDA achievements are proof of concept, if you will, that our innovation strategy is working. Our sustained investment in medically important R&D has yielded a number of recent approvals in regulatory milestones across the various therapeutic areas in our human health and animal health businesses. Turning now to the results. In the third quarter, we reported a strong performance that reflects growth across several priority programs, including our vaccines portfolio and also KEYTRUDA and ZEPATIER which are continuing to launch around the world. We remain confident in the strength of our portfolio from our JANUVIA franchise which is core to our business and continues to maintain its leadership position in the DPP-4 class to BRIDION, which is quickly contributing to our growth, while still in the launch phase here in the United States. Looking ahead, we will continue to follow the science, pursuing the best internal and external scientific opportunities that will enable us to take on some of the world's greatest health challenges. That is why business development remains an important priority in achieving our goals. Our appetite for business development has not changed. We continue to seek the best opportunities and collaborations with the right financial valuation to augment our portfolio and pipeline. In closing, our performance in the quarter positions us well to continue to invest in our business and to deliver a balanced, differentiated portfolio of medicines and vaccines that will generate long-term growth and sustainable value for shareholders and society. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Good morning, Tim. Ken Frazier here. Let me start on the business development question. So I said that it remains an important priority, and you should know we're actively engaged and looking for ways of augmenting our pipeline. And in so doing, it's important to remember that we are not limited by size or by phase. We're going to continue to look for the best partnerships and collaborations. But fundamentally, we're looking for bolt-on opportunities as a company. Your question about whether or not KEYTRUDA changes our approach to business development, not really. We need to augment our pipeline. We continue to be active in that area. But I would not say that the August 5 news has changed our fundamental approach to business development.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So let me start with Proposition 61. So first of all, we don't break out our sales by channel, but I will say as an overall comment, we have very serious concerns about this measure and its potential impact on patients. And that's why we're part of a growing coalition of groups that are actively opposing that ballot measure in California, because we think it will negatively impact millions of California patients. So we're very active in opposing it.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Let me start with the business development question. I would start by saying that I think we will look at each deal based on its particular merits, and so I don't think there is a way for me to respond to that. I think what our past experience has been is we've tried to look for those deals where we believe we're going to get scientific assets going forward, and if we can get good assets that are in the marketplace now, that's something that we would be willing to do. But I don't think I can say categorically that we wouldn't take the kind of deal that has a concentration in one product versus another. Obviously concentration is one of the factors that you weigh when you think about the risk inherent in the deal. As it relates to pricing, we also are very concerned about the whole issue of pricing and affordability for patients. It's a significant one. It's been amplified in this year's political season. We find it unfortunate that a lot of times the focus is on affordability and pricing rather than the long term benefit that these therapies provide. So from our perspective, we think that going forward we don't think these environmental pricing pressures will ease, and that's why we continue to focus on our strategy of investing in innovative R&D for products like KEYTRUDA because we think those are the kinds of products that will help Merck weather some of the pricing risks and pricing pressures that we will be facing as an industry going forward.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Let me close by saying this was a very strong quarter for Merck. As we look to the future we're very excited by the launch opportunities that we have in front of us: KEYTRUDA, ZEPATIER, BRIDION as examples. We think those building on the firm foundation we have with products like JANUVIA and our vaccines give us a great opportunity in the long term. We know that we're facing some headwinds from loss of exclusivity in the next year, but we continue to be confident in our ability to actually invest in some of these high-potential programs going forward. And you should know that we will continue to look for ways to help offset some of the incremental spend that we'll have to make in order to support a product like KEYTRUDA to ensure that this company provides the best short and long term proposition for its shareholders. Thank you very much.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Tim, it's Roger. With respect to IDO1 and decision-making in lung, we continue to pursue the melanoma study with our colleagues at Incyte, and we are very interested in the IDO1 combination. As we develop more data for that, we'll be able to make a decision. And your timeframe is probably about right. I can't say specifically because these are event-driven studies. But sometime I would imagine towards the middle of next year we'd be in a position where we'd be able to make decisions about how much activity we're seeing and whether or not we should proceed in a registration-enabling study using that molecule.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Colin, it's Roger. Standing back from this, I think one has to be impressed by the general efficacy of combinations of KEYTRUDA with other agents. And that's true with respect to PD-1 blockade and other agents pre-clinically, but also clinically. So if you look at combinations, for example, with immune-active agents like T-VEC, there's impressive evidence of activity. There's evidence of activity with other immunologic agents, but there's also, as we've talked about, very impressive combination activity with chemotherapy. And in a way, the 021G results in lung cancer basically put a floor on what to expect from these combinations. At a minimum, you're going to have to see the kinds of response rates and progression-free survival results that we've seen in 021G. Keep in mind, that study, as you know, is just 123 patients and nevertheless a highly significant result with respect to progression-free survival. Over time, we'll see if an overall survival result is obtained there. Of course the crossover is so large in those populations, it may not be possible to see it. But I think that there is reason to believe that KEYTRUDA can be used in combination with a lot of things, and oncologists have a lot of experience using traditional cytotoxic chemotherapy. So there's reason to believe that those kinds of combinations will work well. That said, one shouldn't discount other kinds of immunologic combinations, including combinations with CTLA-4 directed agents. We've done those studies and shown that there is activity for those combinations. The question is ultimately what provides the best balance in terms of therapeutic efficacy and safety and tolerability? It's early days. It will take some time to sort that out, but we'll be pursuing all of those things. And we are.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Geoff, it's Roger. With respect to crossover, clearly, if you have 100% crossover and it occurs early, then you're simply testing the treatment a few weeks apart, and under those circumstances, it's unlikely you'd be able to demonstrate an overall survival benefit. That said, patients in a chemotherapy-controlled study – chemotherapy does have effect, and so crossover tends to occur later as a result. And under those circumstances, it will be possible to demonstrate an overall survival effect. It's a fairly complicated set of differential equations one would have to apply to this to understand exactly what the puts and takes are. But my guess is that because the treatment effects seem to be really quite large in the 024 study, my guess is that we'll be able to see those kinds of treatment effects as well in the chemotherapy combinations. Time will tell.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Right, Andrew. So the collaboration with NanoString is designed to obtain better, really better diagnostic mechanisms because we know that PD-L1 expression is an imperfect biomarker. That said, the NanoString test does not exclude PD-L1 expression. PD-L1 expression is an indicator of an inflammatory response because the PD-L1 transcriptional unit is under the control of cytokines like gamma interferon, and wherever there's an immune response, you'll see PD-L1 up-regulation. Much of the NanoString signature involves other genes that are similarly regulated. So it isn't the case that the NanoString test will look totally different from a PD-L1 test. It will just have a better receiver-operator characteristics so that you will have better sensitivity and specificity. So I guess we continue to refine that signature. It's working quite well actually, but it'll take a while before we can actually reduce it in practice.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Vamil, with respect to key pipeline assets, obviously all the Phase III programs and those that are proceeding through registration investors are aware of. We're very excited about the work that we're doing overall in infectious diseases which includes the antibacterial programs, as I mentioned, relebactam of course pretty interesting, and doravirine in the HIV area. We actually have quite a large HIV program which is pretty exciting, and obviously the HCV program and triplet data are very important. And beyond that, of course, the ertu [ertugliflozin] filing with our colleagues at Pfizer. Given our traditional strength now in diabetes and the opportunity to combine a really very well-behaved SGLT-2 inhibitor with JANUVIA, that can be an important opportunity as well. Nothing there that investors necessarily have missed, but I think important things to pay attention to. Early in the pipeline, there's an awful lot going on, but time doesn't permit me to really review that stuff.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Well, I would just say, Gregg, that in my discussions, I think people are wondering about those patients who are younger, otherwise healthy patients without significant comorbidities who present with a diagnosis of advanced lung cancer, and far too often when people present with lung cancer, it is already at a quite advanced stage, and the question of how to give those people the greatest possible benefit. Whether they will choose to use chemotherapy combinations, obviously these are approved drugs, I don't know, but certainly I've heard physicians discuss that. They've wanted to discuss that with me and with others. So I think there is some consideration of that kind of issue. I think in the population of individuals who have significant comorbidities, of course the generally more favorable tolerability of KEYTRUDA as monotherapy will drive decision making.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, John, it's Roger. With respect to the exclusion criteria in KEYNOTE-024, I don't think you should worry about that too much. Patients with active brain metastases are treated typically with radiation directed towards those metastases as a medical emergency. Those are the same kinds of patients that we enrolled in the study. There weren't really significant exclusion criteria that are different from what appears in routine practice though. The number that we're quoting is pretty much what you should expect. Our studies are aligned with what's been seen epidemiologically. And for KEYNOTE-189, the ClinicalTrials.gov dates are the dates you should probably use. That study, final data entry's listed in September, and that's probably a good time to think about the 189 study.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And, Jami, it's Roger. With respect to compendium listings, the process is completely independent, of course, and it is simply groups of experts who look at available data and make decisions about guidelines, in essence, so there's no real basis for readdressing that question with the KEYNOTE-021G data which they've already looked at. The compendium analysis I would think would be informed by the availability of more data. Now other things could change, but I think what we would expect is that with the availability of KEYNOTE-189 and others, there'll be the opportunity to pursue it, presuming that those data are actually confirmatory, to pursue labeling for that. And that's probably the next thing that happens in that general area.
Roger M. Perlmutter: And John, on KEYNOTE-189 as I said, the thing to think about is the ClinicalTrials.gov date of September of next year is about the time one should expect a data readout. We're not anticipating that we'll have anything before then.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Well thanks, Tony. I do think again as I said, at the limit if the crossover occurs early, I mean, you're just comparing a single chemotherapy regimen to chemotherapy plus KEYTRUDA given earlier lay. If they're only weeks apart, I don't see how, under those circumstances, how overall survival would separate. And of course that's a traditional problem in the development of chemotherapeutic agents and the reason why progression-free survival has been accepted as an endpoint in a variety of different tumor types. On the other hand, chemotherapy is active, and for individuals whose disease is controlled by chemotherapy, then the crossover will inherently occur later. Because we believe that KEYTRUDA provides a more durable benefit to patients with lung cancer, and the data from that are clear across a variety of tumor types, under those circumstances, I would expect separation for overall survival. And as I indicated, it's a fairly complicated set of equations to try and estimate what that's going to look like. I think we probably have to wait for the data.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, so let me start. First of all, we are thrilled to be the first to launch in first line lung. And I give Roger and his team a lot of credit for the design of the trials and the ability for us to actually be the first to have approval there. We are always looking at competition. We are always mindful of competition. And we want to make sure that we do everything we can to get as much utilization, appropriate utilization obviously, for the indication that we have, as quickly as possible and to really cement our product, KEYTRUDA, as foundational in the treatment of first-line lung cancer. With regard to second-line lung, right now we have about a 10% market share of the second-line lung market in the United States. But if you look at patients that have PD-L1 greater than or equal to 50, that's where the majority of our market share is. And our market share is much, much higher in that group. With the new data that we have in first-line lung and a new indication, there's no doubt that PD-L1 testing will become standard. We're already seeing very significant increases in PD-L1 testing since the ESMO meeting. So I believe that the barrier of needing to be tested in second line for PD-L1 will be removed to a very large degree. And the fact that we now have an indication for all PD-L1 positive patients in the second-line setting, I believe that we should be a leader in not just first line, but second-line as well over time.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, Geoff. So this is Adam. First of all, if you look at payers in first-line lung, we haven't seen any limitations on duration, and I don't think we'll see any limitations. With regard to people below PD-L1 greater than or equal to 50, we'll have to see what happens there. What we've seen in second-line is as long as they're PD-L1 positive that the payers are not pushing back very much on the physicians. So the physicians still have a lot of control if they're PD-L1 positive. I would assume it'll be the same in lung for first-line, but it's obviously early to tell.
Adam H. Schechter: Okay. So let me address the questions on PD-L1 testing. I'll focus first on the U.S. because the dynamics are a little bit different in some other markets in the world. In the United States, about 60% of physicians are testing PD-L1. This was prior to ESMO. We don't have any new data on that percentage after ESMO. At the same time, we estimated that about 40% of non-small cell lung cancer new patients were being tested prior to ESMO. I get weekly data, and it's not perfect but you can certainly see a trend break where there's a significant increase in the number of patients that are being tested for PD-L1 right after ESMO data was released. So I expect the numbers I just provided you will increase significantly, but I think it's important to remember that even if you look at EGFR testing, it took a while for that to become standard. And even today, after years, about 80% to 85% of patients are routinely tested. So I think there's probably a ceiling of somewhere between 80% to 85% of PD-L1 testing that'll occur over time. But with that said, it does take a little while to ramp up, albeit it's ramping up faster. If you look at the length of time it takes to be tested, it's about the same as all other testing for lung cancer. So if a physician asks for PD-L1 testing, they can get it back within a week, typically as fast as they can get ALK testing or EGFR testing. So it's very fast. In terms of the way it comes back to physicians, it's not always consistent. Different labs and then academic institutions, they may give it differently, but right now most of them come back with a number that says PD-L1, 55 or 48, as opposed to just a positive or a negative sign, and we think that that's the way it'll probably continue over time. We're seeing it in academic hospitals, but we're also seeing it, much more utilization even outside of those academic centers as well. With regard to biosimilar opportunity, the bottom line is that we think it is a real commercial opportunity. It's not our strategy. Our strategy remains on innovation, but with $40 billion on a global basis of drugs that are biologics going off patent or at least biosimilars being able to enter the market over the next five years, we think there's a real opportunity for us commercially.
Adam H. Schechter: And, Gregg, with regard to JANUVIA, as I mentioned in my remarks, we expect to still have very good managed care coverage in 2017 that's consistent with what we had in 2016. So we will have good access. The pricing pressure in the United States, it's certainly increased over the last few years, and there's new in-class competitors that have had significant discounts. And every year, the rebates and discounts have increased, and the same time will be true in 2017. But at the same time with our strong position in terms of market share and our ability to grow our demand, in particular TRx volume, we've been able to offset most of the pricing pressures with the increase in demand. So I think that 2017 of course there'll be more pressure than 2016, but we're optimistic as we move into the year.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah. So let me start with first-line lung. There are no bolus of patients that we would expect in first line lung. We expect that as patients are newly diagnosed, that's when they would be considered for utilization for KEYTRUDA. So I would not expect a big bolus that would come into the marketplace in fourth quarter. It's going to be new patient by new patient. Over a year in the United States, Japan and the EU there's about 250,000 patients that are new patients with non-small cell lung cancer, and based on everything that we've seen we believe that 25% to 30% is the right number for you to think about as we look at those patients in the marketplace. And then the last thing I'd say is if you look at ZEPATIER, as I mentioned on previous calls, the marketplace had very significant discounting that was occurring. In fact, the pressure on the rebates and discounts before we even launched into the market was very significant. Despite that, we feel like we've gotten good formulary access. We're doing very well in the VA, Medicare Part D, also in some commercial plans, particularly in the regional plans. As we look at 2017, beginning of January, we do have some new contracts, many of them are at parity, but I think there will be one or two that we'll be able to discuss in the not-too-distant future where we will have a preferred position.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah, sure. Dave, let me start with GARDASIL. If you look at GARDASIL, there's a couple things to think about. First of all, we've had price increases similar to the price increases that we've had in the past so that you haven't seen any difference or acceleration per se. But you also have to realize that the 9-valent costs a bit more than the 4-valent. And most of the patients are moving to the 9-valent vaccine. So I'd net the price increase plus the difference in price between those two, the 4-valent and the 9-valent. The thing that is hard for us to understand right now is if you have two doses, will the doses be given in the same year? Or, for example, if a person presents themselves in August before back-to-school, do they get one dose next year in August? But they don't get the second dose until the following year in August. So there's still some things that we're going to have to wait to see in terms of how physicians treat those patients. Some might get the first dose in January, the second dose in July or August. Some might just get August dose, the one, and then the following year be the second dose. So there's certainly going to be an impact. The magnitude right now we can't be certain of. And if you look at the sales by indication, just to give you a rough amount, about 50% to 55% of our sales were melanoma. About 25% or so was in lung, 5% or so was in head and neck cancer. This is for the U.S. specifically, and then the rest was in all other.
