Kenneth C. Frazier: Thanks, Teri, and good morning, everyone. The strong performance of our business demonstrates that our innovation strategy is working, and that Merck is on the right track to deliver sustainable value to shareholders and patients. In addition to delivering solid results in the third quarter, we also continued to advance our pipeline with exciting new data readouts and milestones. While there are many aspects of the business to highlight this quarter, I would like to turn first to KEYTRUDA's performance. This drug continues to lead the I-O field with the breadth and depth of indications across multiple tumor types. We've executed well both in the clinic and commercially. And we are seeing firsthand how KEYTRUDA is making a tremendous difference to cancer patients around the world. We are very confident in KEYTRUDA's near- and long-term growth prospects, as we continue to launch existing indications and look towards future approvals. We believe that our approach of following the science throughout KEYTRUDA's development has and will continue to successfully differentiate the medicine as a foundational cancer treatment. We are also encouraged by LYNPARZA and LENVIMA, both targets of our strategic business development, as well as our other oncology assets in the pipeline that position us to further expand our leadership in oncology. Beyond oncology, Merck has the strongest vaccine portfolio in our company's history, led by GARDASIL, which continues to experience healthy demand and growth. The Hospital and Specialty business is performing well. And our Animal Health business is an industry leader. We have great momentum as we close out the year and prepare for 2019, given our existing portfolio and pipeline. And we are confident about our long-term outlook. As a reflection of our confidence in our future growth prospects, today we announced a dividend increase, along with an accelerated share repurchase program, which Rob will talk about in more detail in a moment. These actions are driven by our commitment to a balanced capital allocation strategy and supported by our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation that provide us the flexibility to return cash to shareholders, while also investing in our pipeline, innovation, and growth. Even with these actions, we continue to have ample capacity for business development, which remains a major priority. Looking ahead, we are confident in the strength of our business. We believe that our well-balanced portfolio will continue to drive sustainable growth and value creation. Along with the rest of Merck's world-class team of scientists and employees, I'm excited to build on our strong performance, as we achieve our objective of delivering innovative and urgently needed medicines and vaccines to serve the critical needs of patients, while enhancing shareholder value. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to my colleague, Rob Davis, to provide more detail on the quarter.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay. Thanks, Vamil, for the questions. Let me start by talking about whether or not my extended tenure will affect how I think about transformational deals one way or the other. So our responsibility, as a management, team is to continue to focus on the best opportunities to put together the best portfolio to drive sustainable value. That remains our focus. While we remain disciplined in our approach, we're also committed to identifying and acquiring assets that will create sustainable value. And as we've said in our comments earlier today, we have the capacity to do deals of all sizes and all types. The question is, are they the right deals for Merck? And that's what our management team debates. That's what we discuss. That's what our board debates and discusses. So to answer your question, no, I don't believe the fact that I'm expected to stay a little bit longer is going to change the fundamental analysis of all of these people about what makes sense from a sustainable value creation standpoint.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So the thing I would say about this, Jami, is that, first of all, we actively evaluate our portfolio on an ongoing basis. So you shouldn't expect that any decision that we are making today will necessarily be the decision that we make forever. But we are actively evaluating our portfolio to decide what we think makes sense in terms of our overall strategy of driving sustainable value and growth for our shareholders. I also want you to know that we do pay attention to what happens on the outside world. In fact, we share the market's excitement around Animal Health's value as a sector and our business in particular. In fact, we believe that we've run this business very well inside the company, compared to its competitors. So if you look at our business, it's a global leader. We continue to view it as one that we can be a good owner of. When you look at it, it has industry-leading growth in margins. And so as we think about it, again, coming back to what I said at the beginning, we have to actively review our portfolio, looking at multiple factors, including market development, to decide whether or not a particular asset, not just Animal Health, should remain in our portfolio. And we'll continue to do that on an ongoing basis. With respect to the issue around margin expansion, we did say that we expect meaningful operating margin expansion over time. We see the growth of certain parts of our business like Oncology as being very helpful to driving that kind of margin expansion. But as it relates to being more specific and putting numbers around that and time periods, at this time, we don't know that that's the right thing for us to do. We will continue to give guidance in the way that we normally do it on an annual basis. But I don't really think it makes sense for us today, as we're seeing this business grow and expand, for us to try to say a specific number in terms of what the margin expansion will be. What I can tell you is that we will continue to work very hard to drive that margin expansion. At the same time, making the right kinds of investments that we need to make to drive our growth over the next few years.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So on business development, let me start by saying that we're pleased with the way in which our business is growing now, particularly in the Oncology field. But that doesn't make us comfortable. At the end of the day, we know that we have to continue to build our portfolio and build on our pipeline. And that's why it's an important priority for us going forward. Going back to the question that was asked a few questions ago, that's the situation that we face as a company. Our pipeline is never going to be strong enough. We can always add to our pipeline. And that's not just a question of de-risking, it's a question of driving our future growth.
Kenneth C. Frazier: Okay. Thanks, Seamus, and I apologize for interrupting. So with respect to business development, it remains an important priority for us, because it's our job to find the best scientific innovations that will enhance our pipeline. We think building a best-in-class pipeline is ultimately what generates long-term growth and value for shareholders. And that's what we intend to do. And let me turn it over to Roger now.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So let me start with the pricing question. So let me start by saying, I think right now there's a lot that's being talked about in Washington. But we really need to see further details to better understand how all this is expected to be implemented. What we do agree with is that we need to find ways of getting patients more meaningful access to these Part B drugs. But at the end of the day, while we're open to that, we would be opposed to anything that would actually create a problem from the standpoint of patient access or innovation. But again, it's really early to try to comment on some of the things. I know the President will be speaking this afternoon. And we'll just have to continue to interact with the administration and Congress on those issues.
Kenneth C. Frazier: So I want to thank you all for your continuing support and interest in Merck. We are energized by the momentum in our business right now. And we believe our portfolio of opportunity is better than it has been at any time since I've been here at Merck. We look to the future with great confidence about what we can deliver for our patients and shareholders. And we look forward to updating you on our progress. Thank you.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yeah. And, Vamil, it's Roger. On MK-1454, the STING agonist that we presented at ESMO, I think it's important to remember that this was our first opportunity to describe this molecule. It's in the manner of a birth announcement. Birth announcements are important because they speak the potential. But the important thing to recognize is that 1454 can be given intratumorally effectively. It stimulates inflammation. That was clear. And if you looked at the pattern of tumor response, the injected tumors had more response than the abscopal effect in combination with KEYTRUDA, which suggests that there's something going on there besides just KEYTRUDA itself. But, boy, it's early days, so we have very few patients. And as I indicated, we see these kinds of therapies as being adjunctive. What we're seeking to do is to improve still further the response to KEYTRUDA. So, so far so good. Let's see how we do. And we're enthusiastic about these kinds of approaches, not just 1454, but other inflammatory mediators, including oncolytic viruses, including TLR agonists and other things that we are studying in this setting.
Roger M. Perlmutter: So, Chris, this is Roger. Let me try the renal first. And then Adam can take on the other issues. With respect to first-line renal, of course we haven't presented the KEYNOTE-426 data. We announced top line results. And it's important to recognize that those top line results came from the first interim analysis, where KEYTRUDA in combination with axitinib met its endpoints in terms of progression-free survival and overall survival both, as well as the key secondary endpoint of response rate. Those are important results at this first interim. And they speak to the power of the combination. Obviously what people are going to be interested in is, how much treatment effect is there and at what level are there adverse effects? In this setting, in renal cell carcinoma, as is typical, efficacy is extremely important. And I think people are going to be very, very interested therefore in looking at the efficacy results, the overall survival results that we've obtained with this combination. Suffice it to say that we're enthusiastic about it.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yeah, and, Alex, on MK-1308, you're right. I mean, our molecule looks pretty good. I mean, we've worked quite hard to select a CTLA-4 directed molecule and to try and establish what the appropriate dose and schedule would be for such a molecule. And we are interested in the question. Not sure why, but the combination looks a little promising. And so we think that there may be a possibility for it. We're sort of still stepping through it. Haven't made explicit decisions. But it looks like there may be an opportunity there. We wanted to make sure that people were aware of what we were seeing. And we did present the data at ESMO for that reason.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Right. Well, I mean, if I could, on the business development side, I think everybody recognizes that for any pharmaceutical company at our scale, it will always be the case that business development contributes materially to our pipeline. It must be the case. And typically something over a majority of the molecules that we develop are licensed in from the outside or acquired in some way. If we can acquire those in a way which also adds meaningful revenue right from the beginning, terrific. But we're fundamentally interested in the best science, the best opportunities that could have the biggest impact on patient care. I think that should be clear. With respect to first-line renal, I don't want to pre-judge any data that we would see from other combinations. We've had data that we presented previously and discussed after ASCO of the combination of KEYTRUDA with axitinib and with lenvatinib. And those data are both – both datasets were extremely interesting. We're charging ahead in the lenvatinib story. Every single one of the protein tyrosine kinase inhibitors will have slightly different characteristics. And I don't think there's any way to predict exactly what those are going to look like. But certainly the success of LENVIMA in the hepatocellular arena is very promising. And of course the work that we've done in endometrial as well. So we're enthusiastic about those combinations. And lastly, you're right. KEYNOTE-522 is getting close to the point where there would be a DMC review. We are expecting that that will happen this quarter, fourth quarter. And in principle, I mean, it's very hard to predict what those data will look like. But in principle, anything that can add – improve responses in the triple negative breast cancer population obviously would be extremely welcome. A very aggressive disease, a concerning disease, and so we're looking forward to seeing those data.
Roger M. Perlmutter: So, yeah, Andrew, thanks for the question. With respect to TMB, I have to say I'm not much influenced by reports from a single study like CheckMate-227, where there was relatively modest ascertainment. We didn't have a lot of information from patients and patient subsets. We've done quite large studies on TMB, comparing TMB to inflammatory signature. The JCO paper you referenced is one of those. There's quite a large series coming out in the Frontline journal very soon that describes a more comprehensive analysis. You and I could talk about the underlying science here. It's quite interesting. I think that the question of how it is that mutation influences response rate, which it clearly does, is important to understand. People jump to the conclusion that that's neoepitopes and improved immune response; not so clear for a whole variety of reasons. And, nevertheless, it's something that's very important to study and to understand in depth. And we continue to do that. We do not see tumor mutational burden as a test that could be implemented in any near term as a way of selecting patients who would be appropriate to treat with KEYTRUDA monotherapy, for example. And as we know, in the combination therapy setting, the utility of KEYTRUDA with chemotherapy is quite broad.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yeah, Umer, on KEYNOTE-522, you know I'm a huge believer in adequately powering studies. I really am. And Roy [Baynes] and I spend a lot of time thinking through the issue of how to ensure that the results that we'll get from a study will be as definitive as possible. The important point to recognize and sort of – I know you know this. But we don't see data that results in our change in the study. The study is going on. And we don't know what the results are. But what we do is we simply look at everything that we've learned from everything that everyone is doing and ask questions about how we should improve the way in which the study proceeds. And so we'll see where we get to. We're not always going to do it exactly right, but we do the best we can.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah. Hi, Chris. This is Adam. Let me start by giving you the percent breakout by tumor type. And I've always provided this for the U.S. and outside the U.S. The caveat is, it's very hard to get data. And it does differ by country. But in the U.S., if you look at non-small-cell lung cancer, it's about 65%; about 10% melanoma; 5% head and neck; 5% bladder; 5% MSI-High; and then about 10% all other indications. When you look at Europe, and lung, as you know, we've been launching the monotherapy for patients who have PD-L1 greater than 50, and we're making significant in-roads. And as I said, now in the major European markets, lung is the largest tumor type versus all the other tumor types. So we are seeing significant growth there. With the combo, that will triple the size of the eligible market. So obviously that's going to be a much bigger market for us. But as I've always said, when it comes to first-line lung, ramp-up is slower, because you're not getting a lot of patients that have been treated before, failed, and come in in a bolus. It's as each person comes in, is diagnosed, that the chemo combo will be considered. Also in countries like Germany where you have reimbursement right away, you'll start to see sales come in quickly. But in other markets, we're working on reimbursement to get that as soon as possible.
Adam H. Schechter: And, Andrew, with regard to business development in the U.S. specifically, obviously the U.S. remains extremely important as we think about the future. And I believe that when we find products that make a significant difference in the world, and those that there's nothing that competes in new areas, that the U.S. will continue to have good reimbursement for those types of products. I would not want to be a late-entry, non-differentiator product. And I wouldn't want to necessarily be a new mechanism that doesn't give significant additional benefit. So when we're looking at business development, we're looking for real breakthroughs that can increase the health of large numbers of patients. With regard to GARDASIL, we're seeing growth, very strong on a global basis. And if you look, we sold just over $1 billion. A lot of that was due to demand, but it's also from the CDC stockpile borrowing. The thing with Vaccines is it's very lumpy and you have to be careful looking at any one quarter. But if you look over time, we believe GARDASIL represents a very significant growth opportunity. If you look at the new indication in the United States, that's a big additional cohort. But also if you look at China and even in Europe, where we've taken back GARDASIL from the joint venture last year, we're seeing real big growth opportunities there. And then, lastly, I'd say other countries are looking at what Australia has done and they're already beginning to think about whether or not to implement those types of programs. So we see a real long runway of growth for GARDASIL over time.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah. Thanks, Rob; and, hi, Tim. Yeah. So we really are seeing unprecedented increase in worldwide demand for the HPV vaccines. And it's doubled in the last year alone in terms of demand necessarily. A lot of the increase in demand is driven by the policy change for Gavi countries. And many countries are moving from demonstration programs to multi-age cohorts. So as Rob said, we are really working hard to increase the global supply of the HPV vaccines and it's a top priority for us. And we have plans in place to really significantly increase the global supply from our 2017 base, as we look over the next three years. And I do think the demand is going to really continue to grow, so we're going to need that supply. As you look around the world, different countries are putting in place different mechanisms to ensure vaccination. So if you look at Brazil, you have a very different profile than say a country like France. So it's hard to give generalizations. But I would say the highest level is that people are really beginning to understand the importance of vaccinating both men and women for the approved cohorts in the countries in which we're launched. And the demand will continue to grow. And after nine years in the market to see the growth that we're seeing is really unprecedented. And I believe that that growth will continue to be very, very strong.
Adam H. Schechter: Yeah. So, David, thanks for the question. We don't really break out segment growth. And the reason why is because if you look at our portfolio, it's changing every quarter and growth is coming from different areas, some of which are much bigger in Medicaid than Medicare. And we don't – it's very hard, because a lot of the data you also get is retroactive versus where you are today. But in general, you know that KEYTRUDA is reimbursed through Part B. You can tell that Vaccines are reimbursed differently. And I think as we go forward, obviously Oncology is going to play a much bigger role for us.
Robert M. Davis: Yeah. Morning, Tim. Thanks for the question. So if you look at where our capacity is expanding, you are correct; it is around Vaccines, GARDASIL in particular, but frankly our broader Vaccines portfolio, KEYTRUDA and Animal Health. So it is really spread across all of the key growth areas of the company. And it's important to point out, and I'll let Adam speak specifically to what we see as the long-term demand in the marketplace. But as we look at the supply we've been able to bring to the market, we have meaningfully increased our GARDASIL supply over the last several years, including coming into this year. As we look forward, we also have the ability to continue to increase supply on a meaningful basis going forward. So we are making the necessary investments to ensure we can drive growth in this product and are very confident in that fact. And I'll turn it over to Adam to maybe give some specifics beyond that.
Robert M. Davis: Yeah. No. Umer, thanks for the question. I don't want to comment specifically on how we look relative to consensus. I think the key message here that we want to make sure people understand is that we do expect to see meaningful margin expansion due to the mix of the business and our ability to continue to drive leverage through a productive use of our investments to drive faster top-line growth over time. So really, that's the message. How that compares to consensus, we're not going to comment.
Robert M. Davis: Yeah. And to your question about Animal Health, as I commented in the prepared remarks, I wouldn't look at what you see as the – what could appear to be the slower growth in the quarter as any indication of what's going on in the business, as I said. There really are some timing impacts. We actually had some customer purchases in the Companion Animal space that positively impacted the second quarter. It was a buy ahead of a price increase. That is affecting the comps. If you adjusted for that in the third quarter, you'd actually see Animal Health growth very much in line, where it's been consistently. And as we look longer term, as we said in the past, we see this business driven by our innovative pipeline, which comes from the synergies we get with our Human Health business, to continue to drive strong, above-market growth for this business over the long term. So that hasn't changed. And our confidence in this growth profile continues to be very strong.
