Roger Perlmutter: Yes, Chris, just with respect to the filing strategy I think -- we certainly are pleased to have gained breakthrough designation for non-small cell lung cancer. As you know, we have a number of studies underway, large studies and we have the opportunity to look at those studies and we are working closely with the agency to develop and ideal registration strategy as I indicated. So we won’t just have any more to say about that than what I have said to this point. With respect to TECOS, I think that we do expect that the final patient will be available -- patient data will be available, last patient, last visit by the end of the year. This is of course a study that's been conducted -- led by academic institutions. So we’ll be made aware of those data. I think it’s important to recognize that the data safety and monitoring board has been following this study extremely carefully. The observations that have been made in other studies, employing regimens to treat diabetes are well known to the data safety and monitoring board. The last data safety and monitoring board review was in December of last year. Given that, the fact that the DSMB came back and said the study should be continued without change, I think it provides some reassurance with respect to the overall conduct of the study. It's a large study and would important answers to questions about the meaningfulness of intervention with sitagliptin in patients with type two diabetes.
Roger Perlmutter: Thanks Seamus. First of all, the breakthrough designation is not specific to PD-L1 positive patients and as you know, we have done quite a lot of work. I’m trying to understand the meaningfulness of PD-L1 positivity, what we’ve shown in a whole variety of settings is that patients whose tumors are judged PD-L1 negative, or more precisely the fall into the PD-L1 staining less than 1% category, nevertheless do demonstrate some responses and we and other groups that studying this are still in the midst of trying to understand exactly how to correlate PD-L1 expression status with outcomes. We know there is a relationship but exactly what the meaningfulness of that is, I think remains to be elucidated. With respect to the KEYNOTE-010 study, as I've indicated, we have a variety of different ways that we can look at these data in order to come up with an optimal registration strategy and that something that through the close interaction that we have with the FDA, and we’ll have more particularly because of the breakthrough designation that we’re going to be doing in order to come up with the best possible strategy.
Roger Perlmutter: Mark, first of all the breakthrough designation doesn’t specify line of therapy. The breakthrough designation is for patients who have failed platinum based therapies, and that’s understandable of course, because you get breakthrough designation for those circumstances under which there is the anticipation of a meaningful intervention beyond what exists as standard of care. So that's understandable I think. With respect to the KEYNOTE-010 study, again I think the timing remains as before. We continue to march forward with that study. We as I said have opportunities to examine that data at different times and one of the things that we'll be doing is discussing that with the agency, but we do expect to have data available by the end of next year for sure. And then with respect to hep C, I think the important thing to remember here is that what we proposed when we described the study back in May was that a triplet regimen would provide the opportunity to test whether it was possible to get sustained virologic responses that is eradication with very short regimens. We don't know what the nature of those regimens would be. And so we've tried to bookend those for genotype 1 and genotype 3 in the C-SWIFT study. We have access now of course to 3682, our own nucleoside polymerase inhibitor, and the things that we learn, from our studies was Sofosbuvir can then be applied to our triplet studies with 3682 recognizing of course that no two polymerase inhibitors will behave in exactly the same way, but it basically provides the kind of guidance that we need in order to design effective Phase III study. So we're looking forward to having the opportunity to review in those data in detail.
Roger Perlmutter: So Alex, you will have the opportunity to see Phase Ib data for MK-3682 at AASLD, which will be interesting. But of course it's very difficult to compare two different agents, when they're not studied in the head-to-head context because of differences in patient population. I can't really speculate about that. We'll have the opportunity to look at those kinds of data sometime later but right now I think the important thing will be to look at the data -- the Phase Ib data which I think you will find intriguing.
Roger Perlmutter: John, the duration of treatment in infectious disease is always a difficult process to assess. I think first of all there are aspects of molecular cell biology to consider that you have hepatocytes that are infected with HCV. They differ almost certainly one cell from another in terms of replication rate and those that are replicating more slowly, it can be difficult to inhibit that process and there will be variability in terms of the degradation of the viral nucleic acid. So there is lot of heterogeneity in the liver itself. And then there is also variation in terms of the exposure to drug in individual liver cells. And beyond those sort of molecular sales are considerations there is also the clinical context. So we all recognize that despite that fact we’ve more or less understood the nature of -- for example, just to pick one the nature of osteomyelitis, bacterial infection in bone, the length of treatment in the clinical setting is different in different parts of the world and different regions. We really don’t have an established length of treatment that we can justify with good clinical data. And one can expect that it will be easier in HCV because we can measure viral burden much more readily. But still the clinical context will change depending upon the, for example the degree of liver disease. So you can imagine where there's a lot of fibrosis and it's difficult to get drug penetration, that that will make things more challenging. All of which means that it may be hard to get to a single, short course recommendation for all patients, but instead patients will have to be satisfied and may be the satisfaction can be determined before treatment begins. But most likely it will be in response to therapy. These are the things that we have to learn, now that we have these potent direct acting anti-virals and our C-SWIFT studies I think will provide an important data on this.
Roger Perlmutter: Jami thanks. The first question, of course, we do have break through designation for the doublet and that doesn’t by any means stipulate that priority review would occur. I think it will be driven in large part by the strength of the data and the assessment of meaningfulness. So we’ll get to that point when we have a chance to evaluate all the Phase III data and get it submitted. With respect to the randomized overall survival, again we do have data coming from the KEYNOTE-010 study. There are other possible approaches to this but certainly one would expect towards the end of next year, we'd have an early look at that. Again, a lot of depends of course of the survival statistics for the population but we’ll have data around that time.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes, and Gregg; you’re absolutely right with respect to PD-L1 status in that the PD-L1 gene itself is responsive to a variety of different stimuli, including cytokine. So the inflammatory [indiscernible] could easily influence how much PD-L1 is expressed and that could be different from one; for example size of metathesis to another. So there could be quite a bit variability. That variability may underlie the challenges that people have experienced in trying to dissect the relationship between PD-L1 expression and responsiveness to anti-PD-1 therapy. Nevertheless the fact is there is such an association. So summiting over everything, there still is a general relationship between PD-L1 express and in tumors in responsiveness that's been seen many times.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes, if you look at the 024 and 042, you will see that there, we're talking about similar kinds of studies but they differ in size and differ on primary outcomes and that's kind of understandable and not atypical for registration strategies in these sorts of settings.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes, so I guess the question is first of all with respect to MK-3682 and the timing; I should note that for MK-3682, and again the data will be -- Phase Ib data will be at AASLD. We do have an IND now in United States for that molecule and Phase II studies will begin shortly and thereafter based on the results of that, we will begin to decide how best to conduct registration strategy. So that's more or less how we are thinking about it. It's fairly conventional. And then with respect to KEYNOTE-06; well as you know, we began our studies of pembrolizumab in a variety of different doses, 2 milligrams Q3 and 10 milligrams Q2 and 10 milligrams Q3 and what we've learned in the course of those studies is that the dose response curve is relatively flat and 0.02 milligrams Q3 was selected as the dose to go forward in melanoma. And we're also working on a fixed dose at 200 milligrams Q3, which will give the equivalent exposure 2 milligrams Q3 for most patients and doesn't require the weight calculation. And my expectation is that because we'll have large amount of data from all of these different settings, we'll be able to make the appropriate analysis. I can't speak of course to how Compendia will look at this in any other aspect of the commercialization process.
Roger Perlmutter: So if you look at Remicade and Simponi, as I said, we had about $775 million of sales about 9% growth. We continue to have growth with Remicade about 3%. That was driven by the core EU markets driven by gastro indications. But there was some offset due to biosimilar competition in the smaller markets. If you look at the biosimilar specifically, there has been relatively limited uptake of either biosimilar product or acceptance on tenders and formularies and what we’ve seen so far is there has been movement of the biosimilars, it’s been limited to new patients only. However we have seen increase pricing pressures that are required in order for us to compete with the biosimilars. So we expect the pressure to continue into small markets this year and then we expect there to be some pricing pressure and new patients in the core EU markets after February 2015 loss of exclusivity.
Ken Frazier: And Alex, regarding Gardasil, let me provide some additional context. So sales in total were $590 million for the quarter. The U.S. declined 7%. The U.S. declines were mostly due to higher public sector purchases in 2013. That did not occur in 2014. If you look at the cumulative 15 to 18 year old penetration rates in the U.S., it's about 65% for females, and about 50% for male. So there's still room to grow there. If you look at males, we continue to have good uptake and if you look at the private sector data, it suggests that about 50% to 55% of first doses are now being administered to males. If you look outside the U.S., the declines were due to Korea, and also there is the end of the catch up cohorts in several of the smaller markets. But overall we continue to be pleased with our market share greater than 90% on a global basis and 99% in the U.S. and we believe that there is still room for additional growth in the future.
Ken Frazier: Thanks Jami for the question. And let me start with a broader focus on it. And as I said, we continue to prioritize and focus within our business and as we communicated last October, that required us to look across the entire business to determine which assets might have more value outside Merck versus inside the Company. As part of that you’ve seen us take action and divest assets with approximately $3 billion of 2013 sales including MCC certain GHH products. We will continue to evaluate opportunities as appropriate. But specifically with respect to the diversified plans, we will also be considerate of the fact that a lot of these more mature assets also provide strong cash flow, which enables us to continue to invest behind meaningful innovation that's at the heart of our strategy. So we’ll continue to look at opportunities as we move forward but we’ve got to balance the cash flow concerns as well as what we can do to monetize assets where appropriate.
Ken Frazier: TECOS. So the TECOS data -- as I've indicated but we should have, last patient, last visit, I remind you, this is a study that is coordinated by an academic group. They are managing the study but we should have last patient, last visit by the end of this year we hope and the data will be presented in 2015. That’s all we know about it. I mentioned before the data safety and monitoring committee that is overseeing the study as well. But we don’t know anything more than that.
Ken Frazier: And on the overall issues with respect to our cost structure and how we're approaching it, we have been pretty aggressive in the first nine months to reduce costs and change our operating model, and we're on track for the overall $2.5 billion in cost savings by 2015. And so we think that actually positions us well as we move into the future. Beyond that I can’t say much because we're not providing guidance in today’s call.
Ken Frazier: Okay Andrew. Three questions. First of all, for anacetrapib, as I've indicated, we have no idea what the results of IMPROVE-IT are going to be. IMPROVE-IT tests the question as you know of whether or not one can be aggressively lowering LDL cholesterol levels in patients who already are optimally managed with simvastatin, one can achieve a beneficial effect on cardiovascular events and the magnitude of that effect. Our studies with anacetrapib are different and because we have an anacetrapib, both the significant LDL cholesterol lowering effect, but also the HDL elevating effect, I’m not sure that I can read out much of anything from IMPROVE-IT to anacetrapib. I think anacetrapib is testing really quite a different question and we’ll just have to wait for the results of the reveal study. With respect to the KEYNOTE timing, I can’t speculate about how Bristol-Myers is pursuing their analysis versus our own. I’ve indicated when we expect our data to become available and we’re going to examine those and make decisions based on that. And with respect to the PD-L1, we've presented really quite a lot of data using our proprietary PD-L1 antibody to look at expression in tumors, and what we've shown is that there is substantial associated between PD-L1 expression and tumors, which is judged at different cut points and responses to KEYTRUDA; and we've shown that in a number of different tumors and most recently we showed it in our presentations at ESMO. The important thing to recognize as I said, that doesn’t mean that there are no responses in those who PD-L1 negative. It's simply an association. It is an association that is biologically plausible, but we don’t by any means feel that we are able to inventory all of the PD-L1 that's expressed in an around those cells that might be responsible for tumor killing and so no matter what, we only get a partial picture of it. My feeling is that PD-L1 assessment in the tumor is much more likely to be revealing than PD-L1 assessment and circulating white blood cells as an example and certainly that’s our experience.
Ken Frazier: And Dave what I would say is we've been very active to ensure that patients that are in need of KEYTRUDA have access to it and claims are being paid for KEYTRUDA consistent with the indication without restrictions and we've got our clinical presentations, where all of our top 30 target health plans either occurred or are going to occur. So as we look at the future, of course we continue to work to maintain access as appropriate.
Ken Frazier: And Vamil, we’re confident with respect to PD-1 and the litigation issue with the patent. We’re confident we'll be able to market KEYTRUDA to any country in which it is approved. Litigation appeals -- they are a multiyear process. So you won’t hear anything much for a while. If there are any updates we’ll provide those in the queue.
Ken Frazier: So just in closing, we reported another solid quarter Company performance. As I mentioned earlier, we are making great progress on our strategy initiatives we announced last year. We're now seeing the benefit of investing in our core therapeutic areas like we’ve seen in diabetes. We've made significant advancements in some of our most important research programs, including the launch of KEYTRUDA and receiving breakthrough therapeutic designation in non-small cell lung cancer and as Roger mentioned this morning, we’re making steady progress in in hepatitis C as our registration study for the doublet is now fully enrolled. We also continue to focus on improving our operating model. Over the past year we've seen our operating expenses decline significantly. We will remain on track to achieve our $2.5 billion cost saving. Our prioritization is also let us to divesting $3 billion in sales through the MCC transaction with Bayer and other divestiture in human health. We've used those proceeds to fund the Idenix acquisition, and repurchase shares this year. Over the past 12 months we’ve returned more than $11 billion via the dividend and share repurchase program. We remain strongly committed to returning cash to our shareholders. So again, thank you for joining and hanging in with us for little bit of lengthy call, and we look forward to updating you again on our fourth quarter earnings call.
Adam Schechter: Yes, so if you look at the emerging markets, I've always said that growth can vary from quarter-to-quarter and timing of tenders becomes very significant in the emerging markets. China as you mentioned had strong growth of 33%. A lot of that was in the acute care products, of which timing played a part in, and also the diversified brands continued to show good growth, which was not related to timing. I also mentioned that in Turkey and Mexico we had very good quarter as well and that was driven by specialty products, but also cardiovascular products.
Adam Schechter: This is Adam, Colin. With regard to hep C, this is a very large market. In U.S. alone there's about 3.2 million people with chronic HCV, of which only about 50% are diagnosed and only about 150,000, 200,000 are cured. So the market is very large. I believe that four weeks would be helpful, but as long as in comparative dynamics, there is quality in terms of the regimens, I think that you can be successful commercially under either circumstance. So at this point we’re not commenting specifically on IMPROVE-IT. We continue to believe in the LDL cholesterol hypothesis and of course we’re prepared for all scenarios but there is nothing specific at this moment.
Adam Schechter: It’s Adam. So first of all, as I said before, we're pleased with the uptake in customer feedback that we have early in the launch, but we are still very early in a launch. We're taking orders KEYTRUDA since the first day of availability. Nearly all the top 50 accounts are purchased since we launched the product and a majority have made repeat purchases and at this point in time we believe we have about 900,000 patients that are being treated with the product.
Adam Schechter: So right now as we said we have, we believe there's about 900 patients that are being treated with the product. Many of those we believe are coming from the EAP program. And if you look at the top 50 accounts, it's not easy to tell where the purchases go, to which patients exactly. So you can't comment on that. But I think the bottom line is we're on track for all in 60 days to move from the EAP program into the commercial area. So we are working hard on that and we're on track for that.
Adam Schechter: JANUVIA continues to have good access in 2014 and based upon preliminary reviews in ‘15, we expect to continue to have good access. JANUVIA is still on preliminary for United Part D plan in 2015 and continues to have preferred assets. The contract with United was signed recently but since it not had been signed when United filed their 2015 formulary with CMS, the United Part D website and CMS required notice to insurees that that did not list JANUVIA as on formulary, but I would just want to repeat that it still is on formulary for Part D in 2015.
