Kevin McLaughlin: Thanks, Habib. Good afternoon everyone. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments as of June 30, 2019 were $500.9 million. This cash balance includes the receipt of a $25 million gross milestone payments earned upon acceptance of the luspatercept BLA and MAA filings. This compares December 31, 2018 cash, cash equivalents and investments of $291.3 million. Based on our current operating plan and projections, we believe that current cash, cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund projected operating requirements until such time as we expect to receive significant royalty revenue from luspatercept sales. Collaboration revenue for the second quarter was $27.7 million. The revenue is all from the Company's collaboration partnership with Celgene and is largely related to expenses incurred by the Company in support of luspatercept and includes the $25 million gross milestone payments. The next potential milestone related to the luspatercept partnership is $35 million, due upon first approval from either the FDA or EMA. Total costs and expenses for the second quarter were $48.8 million. This includes R&D expenses of $34.8 million, and G&A expenses of $14 million. The Company posted a net loss for the second quarter ended June 30, 2019 of $17.9 million. I will now turn the presentation back over Habib for final remarks.
Kevin McLaughlin: Hi, Neil. This is Kevin. As far as the reporting goes, as a reminder, Celgene or BMS will be reimbursing us for a large, very large portion of our commercial appetite direct sales force et cetera. So, you will see in the P&L a reimbursement line up in collaboration revenue but the corresponding expenses down in the sales and marketing lines. In addition, revenue obviously will be reported product related revenue for us, royalty related revenue will be reported and we'll have profits in place so that will be reported standalone on a quarterly basis based on the royalty and the achievement.
Kevin McLaughlin: So, this is Kevin. Thanks for the question. Obviously, as I mentioned earlier, sales costs will go up as we just brought on our sales force but that will be reimbursed via Celgene or BMS. So, you will see an increase in the SG&A line by the corresponding increase in the collaboration revenue line. Outside of that it's the normal growth of the G&A coming into the commercial environment and along with additional marketing efforts that support both local luspatercept program, but also our internally owned programs in sotatercept and in ACE-083.
Habib Dable: Yes. So, thanks for your question. This is Habib. It's an excellent question and I think was most important is as you mentioned, for us to be able to move forward in the Phase 3, there are a number of things that we are going to be looking at, both with the FSHD study as well as CMT the study, which will be reading out in the first quarter of next year. Just to remind everybody, the primary end point of both studies is looking at the total muscle volume, and then obviously the path forward is really going to driven by our ability to reliably increase functional improvement in the patients that we're treating. And so, whether its FSHD alone or CMT alone or the TAs or biceps, we will be looking at that data to ensure that we been able to achieve some minimum thresholds. And some of those thresholds that we have talk about previously are looking at specific functional improvement such as in the tibialis anterior muscle, we are looking at six-minute walk, timed 10-minute walk run, four-stare climb. And again, we are looking for trends but we are also looking at some deviations from placebo in the double-digit. And that's really what we've given ourselves as a threshold. So, if you decide today as to whether or not we would go with by biceps alone or TA alone or FSHD alone, we're going to be looking at the data in totality and then after that and after having conversations with the regulators, we will get back to you in terms of our path forward for Phase 3.
Habib Dable: Yes, that’s a great question and maybe I’ll pass it on to our, Chief Commercial Officer, Sujay Kango to elaborate on some of the details.
Habib Dable: Yes. So yes, Yaron, that is our expectation for the second half. And again, as you've alluded to when you were count for all of the clock stops, et cetera. That would take us into a second half potential decision. And so beyond that, we haven’t elaborated which exactly which quarter that would fall into, but you’re right it does account for all the clock stop.
Habib Dable: Yes so, with respect to the primary end point, again primary end point is for PVR, and it is powered to show a difference, and we’re looking for difference for approximately 20% reduction in PVR.
Habib Dable: Yes, so, it’s a great question Danielle. So obviously, the primary end point of PVR is not going to be enough based on historical approvals that we've seen in this space. The gold standard has been and we believe will continue to be six-minute walk distance. So, we're also looking at some secondary including six-minute walk distance, and we've given ourselves the thresholds there for that functional improvement of 30 meters. Now that said, we do believe that we potentially are approaching this disease area from a very unique perspective to the mechanism of action of rebalancing BMP signaling. And as such, we could, if approved the one of the first disease modifying drugs approved in for these patients. And so, we could have an opportunity to be looking at some unique end points, as we think about Phase 3. And as such, we move forward with the SPECTRA study and we're looking at some unique end points there, such as cardiac MRI, invasive cardiopulmonary exercise testing. And so, as we think about Phase 3 once we flip the card on Phase 2, yes, indeed, we do want to see an improvement in six-minute walk, in addition to PVR, but we also could be looking at some creative end points as we think about Phase 3, as we get a better look at some patients as they start coming out of SPECTRA.
Habib Dable: Yes, so I think it's too early to say. Whence we look at the data, well, and we couple that again with what we're seeing in SPECTRA, I think we have a better read. That said, I think 30-meter increase is what we've been hearing from a number of our stakeholders, as a threshold that we'd like to achieve on top of standard of care.
Habib Dable: Yes, so coming out of last summer, where we announced positive Phase 3 results for beta-thalassemia as well as lower risk MDS, not only were we thrilled that, the luspatercept was able to show that it can be restored healthy red blood cell formation in two very distinct diseases, but also it did so in a safe and tolerable way. Now, just to remind everyone, we do have three ongoing studies today. We've got the BEYOND study, which is looking at non-transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia. We've got the COMMANDS study, which is looking at the frontline settings head-to-head against ESA. We've also got the ongoing myelofibrosis study. So, myelofibrosis is an addition to some of the recently where I guess at JPMorgan, we had announced that, if you looked at beta-thalassemia and myelodysplastic syndromes and all of the indications including the front-line settings and non-transfusion independence, we saw an opportunity of over $2 billion. If indeed myelofibrosis at the next indications is successful, we believe that that could add an incremental 1 billion in peak sales opportunity. Now beyond that, we also feel that there is an opportunity to cast an even wider net. And the teams, our teams and the Celgene teams are working and prioritizing some of those and they ask what else BEYOND myelofibrosis we could be looking at. We are looking at indications where we believe the unmet need is very high, but also where the mechanism of luspatercept could have a meaningful benefits to these patients. And some of those indications could be alpha-thalassemia, chemo-induced anemia as some examples of areas where we believe the unmet need is high and where we potentially could have a path forward, so some more to come.
Habib Dable: Yes, okay. I think we may have lost, Eric, but I'm going to assume that, it's the question. So, I guess when we think about it, we were deliberate about the biceps and TA muscle as the early muscle group to be looking at for a number of reasons. One, we have been able to identify these being the actual dominant muscle that actually affected the activity of daily livings for these patients in a very profound way. Furthermore, we also know that specifically if you think about the tibialis anterior muscle in CMT for example, it's one of the earlier muscle that are affected with disease progression. And so, if indeed we are successful with FSHD or CMT or both. We will obviously take a look at the lifecycle management opportunities, and if indeed, we feel to warrant that we can move into other dominant muscles where an intramuscular injection would have potential transformative effects of these patients' lives, then yes, we will consider it. But for now, the focus is really on these two studies and Part 2 of Phase 2 to ensure that we have a reliable functional benefit for these patients as we consider moving into Phase 3 or not.
Habib Dable: Yes, so great, Marty. So, the first part of the question was really around powering, and yes, it's high powering for the primary endpoint for PVR. So, really the meat of the question is on the second part, and it’s around our current cash resources and our intent moving forward, both from our organic strategy as well as inorganic. So again just to remind when we raised capital last time in January one of the things that I had articulated was for the very first time I would not be providing a cash run rate guidance as we have done each and every time prior to that. And the reason for that is exactly as you're suggesting Marty is that we believe that based on the current burn rate and assuming that we’re able to conclude all of our Phase 2 trials as planned that our visibility took us to the point where we would have overlapping luspatercept royalties and received various milestones and therefore we never really saw that one year of cash if you will which will typically trigger a need for another raise. Now that said, if indeed we flip the card on all of our Phase 2 programs and we feel that we have the opportunity to move forward and to Phase 3 from a position of strength, or if indeed there’s an inorganic opportunity to help us build out our leadership strategy in any one of the therapeutic areas that we’ve outlined as a commitment to moving forward, then that obviously would potentially change our posture, but again that would be on the heels of positive Phase 2 data. And then looking at Phase 3 investments and that’s whether or not we felt it would be value generating and seeking an ideal partner or if indeed that we'd be better off to go it alone. And so, we will be affecting all of those at the end of Phase 2, but right now as to where we sit, I think we sit in an excellent position where we're able to conclude our Phase 2 studies. And we're able to take a good look at them and then assess what is the best path forward.
Habib Dable: Yes, so I again, I think at the end of the day Marty, our goal is to do what we do best. And that is to innovate. And to focus on bringing transformative medicines to the patients that we're serving. I think we're in an enviable position from a cash point of view and our ability to dictate our future moving forward in terms of how we would move into Phase 3 if we're successful. But I think we're also in a pretty enviable position that we are, we're in three therapeutic areas where we've got two positive Phase 3 results from hematology. We've got three Phase 2s that are going on between pulmonary and neuromuscular. And we're in a wonderful situation here to be able to take all of those studies to their conclusion, and then assess it to whether or not what the best investment strategy will be. That said, we will always be disciplined, and making sure that our primary focus, as we innovate is to do so in a way that we're continuing to also return value to our shareholders.
Habib Dable: Yes, great. Thanks for the questions again, I'll pass that commercial question on to Sujay, and perhaps maybe even Kevin for a little detail if there's anything that we can provide on the reporting.
Habib Dable: Thanks for your question. I think I'll pass that on to John Quisel, our Chief Business Officer to elaborate a bit.
Habib Dable: Yes, the only thing I would add to that, Yigal, would be, we’re working very closely with University of Rochester in validating a PRO, it’s the FSHD health index as well as the CMT health index where we’re going to be looking at a number of questions, which affect patients activities of daily living, and we will be also assessing that questionnaire as we look at the Phase 2 data as well and looking to working with the regulators and validating that.
Habib Dable: Yes, actually, I’ll repeat that what we expected. We actually expecting that have been anticipating a standard review for both indications, but we always said that we would prepared whether it’s from all of our efforts from our commercial footprint, regulatory footprint, supply footprint to be able to execute on whether or not one or both got a priority review, and we were pleasantly surprised that we got a priority review for one of our indications, and we are prepared to execute.
Habib Dable: Yes, hey Paul, it's Habib again. So thanks for your question a very, very important question. And quite frankly, it's really the driver of our investments in the extension study. And when we think about duration, we can really think about it in two different ways. One, what is the appropriate dosing into rollover patients will see a meaningful benefit, whilst at the same time minimizing office visits and/or injections. And two, the other part of duration is looking at how long will the drug last. And so, as you know, our primary end point in part two the study was at six months. And we were dosing frequency of every three weeks. When patients roll over into the extension study, they'll be randomized either for every four weeks or every eight week dosing, and so we'll get a better read there on the appropriate dosing interval for patients to be able to maintain the effect. And again, just to remind everyone, when we took a look back at part one data, and we look back at the extended dosing intervals, we had reason to believe that the efficacy was sustained up to potentially eight weeks, but I guess we'll see if indeed, that's going to materialize in part two, and more specifically, from a functional point of view. With respect to how long the drug will last, again, that's one of the things that we're going to be looking at in the extension study as we follow patients out and so more to come, but at the same time, a very important question on both fronts.
Habib Dable: Yes, so another good question, Paul. So again, when we recruited for the Phase 2 study, we looked at transfusion dependent and non-transfusion-dependent. But we also looked at patients who are on ruxolitinib because of enlarged spleen and those who are not on the ruxolitinib. So we also need to look at that dimension as well. Quite frankly, if you think about it, and our focus in patients with the highest unmet need across all of the disease areas that we focus on, I would argue that the area that's probably most important would be those that are on ruxolitinib because again, to remind everyone, these myelofibrosis patients are suffering not only from an anemia due to a fibrotic bone marrow, but they're also suffering from drug-induced anemia due to just simple mechanism of action of Jak inhibition. So if you think about it from that point of view, and that, our internal estimates here have over half of the patients, myelofibrosis patients who suffer from moderate to severe anemia that have been on, that are on ruxolitinib, arguably those patients that are on ruxolitinib and transfusion-dependent, would most likely be the largest opportunity for us to cater to an unmet need in this population. And by the way, you haven't asked the question but maybe I'll give, state it anyways,
Habib Dable: What we have given ourselves also an internal hurdle rate of about 25% to 30% efficacy in this particular group based on a lot of the research and feedback that we've been receiving. So, that's what we would hope to achieve, to give us the confidence to wanting to move forward.
Habib Dable: Yes. So, I think the first thing to keep in mind as we think about our anticipated label for MEDALIST, to remind everyone, these are patients whose endogenous EPO levels are over 200 and therefore they would be ineligible for ESA or if indeed they were refractory to ESAs and approximately 95% of the patients in MEDALIST were refractory to ESAs and as you stated the median time duration from therapy, sorry, the median time to entering to trial from the diagnosis was about 44 months. Now, one other things to keep in mind is that, a lot of patients in the study were on ESAs for 44 months because of the fact that there is nothing else really in terms of an alternative to be able to go on to such as Luspatercept. And so, we're hoping that if indeed luspatercept is approved that if indeed a patient is refractory to an ESA that we may be able to get them earlier by the mere fact we got another approved drug on the market as an option for treatment. But most importantly to get patients earlier, it will be really important for us to be successful in the COMMAND study, because COMMAND study is doing exactly that. It's studying front line dosing of luspatercept head-to-head against ESAs and we're designing it and is superior to design fast and so, I would say by the mere fact of having a drug approved in that indication, I would hope that the time from diagnosis to getting on luspatercept will have shrunk just by the mere availability of another option for treaters and patients, and two, the COMMAND study in itself if successful will be able to get patients earlier.
Habib Dable: I just want to close the call by thanking everybody for joining us. I thank you for your continued interest in the Acceleron’s story and I very much look forward to meeting many of you over the course of the fall and winter as we close off the year and in the meantime wishing you all a great remainder of the summer. Thanks again.
Todd James: Hey Eric, it's Todd. Sorry, you're really breaking out. So, we've heard PULSAR and that recruited well, but then the rest was really hard to hear.
Todd James: Yes, it's Todd, Eric. Thanks for the question. Yes, we just finished enrollment and we’re not in a spot to be able to talk about percent rollover at this point, but when me get into the top line announcement for example, that’s something that we could talk about more as all the patients would have hit through the six months. And so, that would be a better data point to get into to what that rollover rate would be.
Todd James: Hey, Leland, it’s Todd. Yes, so far as the patients that were included based off the inclusion criteria we’re looking, functional class 2 and 2 and so, we got what you’d expect from a normal split in a Phase 2 trial of this size. And then as far as single, doublet or a triplet, that really comes down to which countries the patients got enrolled and what the standard of care is for that country. And so, we got that appropriate mix based off of how the trial enrolled per country.
Todd James: No, further updates, we continue to be pleased obviously with that study. And once we get closer to full enrollment or absolute enrollment, we’ll be able to provide you a little bit more color in terms of the exact timelines you can expect for top line release, but nothing new to share Leland today.
Todd James: Hey, Jeff, it's Todd here as you can imagine with four if you include FSHD, CMT now the extension studies the PULSAR Phase 2 trial with the 106 patients in SPECTRA expected trial this is the most internally led program we’ve ever had running at any given time so that’s where you’re seeing on the R&D side the increase quarter to quarter and we can expect that through the end of those trials.
Todd James: Hey it’s Todd yes it is multiple patient population as Habib was just describing that we’re going after in this trial we’re casting a pretty broad and wide net here and so really any patient population that if we meet that bar proportion patients that hits any of the endpoints that would be enough for us to potentially move forward with a Phase 3. And so, that could be monotherapy luspatercept the non-transfusion dependent or the transfusion dependent or it could be in combination with rux likewise anemia only or transfusion dependent though we know over the course of this progression disease a majority of patients over time do become transfusion dependent.
