Michael R. Splinter: Sure. So I think first of all, to kind of understand our view on this, you have to think about -- what the foundries need to supply model changes and the buying season at the end of the year. So what it does is peaks out foundry spending in this kind of second calendar quarter, end of the first quarter, beginning of the second calendar quarter. Now, since if you look at both our fiscal year in the very beginning of the calendar year, spending in wafer fab equipment was a little bit weak. So as you go through the -- when we add it up, we get pretty much flat first half, second half, even though we see a peak in this time period of March, April, May. Then if you we at the other kind of segments of wafer fab equipment spending, in the DRAM area, we expect low levels of spending throughout the year, modestly down in the second half of the year. NAND spending, we previously had thought it would be better, but we now think it's not going to be better. It's going to be a little bit lower in the second half of the year as well. And then we do expect logic spending to perk up at the very end of the year as new tech -- the next node of logic technology starts to be purchased. So the summation of that is foundry will end up being pretty flat first half, second half; logic will pickup; and memory will be modestly down in the second half.
Michael R. Splinter: Our view on 28 is that this is going to be the largest node. We think demand on 28-nanometers is very high and there's still constrained supply. The speed of the ramp is about something in the neighborhood of 50% faster than the 40-nanometer, 45-nanometer ramp. And we think in the end, when this -- when 28-nanometer peaks out over the next few years, it will end up being something on a range of 40% higher than the previous generation peak. So right now, we think 28-nanometer is going to be strong through the year. It's going to be strong into 2013. Assuming that our customers can find a place to put equipment, they'll continue to add equipment as quickly as they can.
Michael R. Splinter: So Jim, I think you got both a question and a follow-up. But the NAND follow-up question, what we're seeing right now is about a 75% bit growth. But within that, there's a number of things, maybe I can address first supply and then demand. On the supply side, we're seeing a number of things happening here. A lot of the legacy demand is kind of falling off for things like cameras, iPods or MP3 players, and USB drives. So that allows them room to upgrade their legacy capacity, so factor one. Then additionally, the 3-bit per cell technology is getting qualified in many more applications and much faster, probably, than we thought it would. On the demand side, I think the biggest factor is that the footprint in tablets and smartphones of NAND flash is not moving up as fast as we thought. So while they're affected by that big growth rate of 60% in tablets and 30-plus percent in smartphones, they're not getting a big additional kicker on the bit growth because the number of bits per box are staying relatively flat. I think that part of that is pricing, but I think part of it is just what consumers demand for storage in these devices. So until solid-state drives get into PCs or the footprint dramatically changes, I think we'll see this kind of growth rate, bit growth, in NAND.
Michael R. Splinter: I don't know about faster than we're thinking. I think we have to see some more transistors move the gate last to be able to see that, and some more gains in our etch and PD -- in our Inspection business to be able to reach that goal. But we're encouraged by the gains in the front end at this point.
Michael R. Splinter: I think that customers have recently realized how constrained the capacity is, so we have a way of doing business and for them to signal as soon as they know where they're going to need capacity. I wouldn't say that they're giving us a lot more lead time. I think they're telling us as soon as they know that they need more capacity. In part, you can see that here in our Q2, where demand was a bit higher in our semiconductor group than we thought it would be. And I think that actually is extending into Q3. So I don't know that we get anymore lead time on this. But we would like to get more lead time but the way this business is working right now, I think customers let us know as soon as they know.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, I think that's fair to say. But when you really look at this, there are 4 major foundry spenders, and it's really a matter of the mix between those 4 major foundry spenders; who's spending more, who's spending less. I think the second half will be a little bit more even than the first half.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. So we said by our fourth fiscal quarter, we said as early as our fourth fiscal quarter, but the biggest thing that we continue to see some increase investment in mobility, for tablets and for touch-enabled ultrabooks. But also to really have the orders pick up, we have to see TV investments increase. And that, particularly, will be in some factories in China. The factories are built, and it's a matter of customers deciding when to facilitize those. But we think that could be as early as fourth quarter. There's been pretty significant underinvestment this year, CapEx as low as $3 billion. Our equipment CapEx as low as $3 billion. So very significant underinvestment here. Meanwhile the market is growing, so the shortages are improving, prices are improving. Supply and demand is getting more in balance. So we think that there is needed investment and as we projected in Analyst Day, we think 2013 can kind of get back to 2011 revenue levels for us.
Michael R. Splinter: Certainly, we do expect 20-nanometer to again be a very big node for the foundries. We'll see some R&D equipment, but we don't expect a major ramp in 20 nanometers in the fourth quarter. Really, what we expect is logic spending to increase at the end of the year as 14-nanometer capacity starts to get built. Both of those technologies are quite good for Applied as the advanced transistors take a lot more steps. They'll take more epi steps. They will take more metal steps to be able to develop those high-performance low-power transistors.
Michael R. Splinter: So what we're going to do there is certainly we have a number of customers that we've been working with. We'll continue to support those customers in their efforts to get our products into production. But we're going to pull back on how much we've been spending on the new capabilities and the new products in the MOCVD area. So we will pretty significantly pullback on the spending there. And really, the rationale is we have a lot of areas that we are looking at that have good return for the company and for shareholders and we have to prioritize our spending. And this is one of those areas where the return looked quite far out, so we made our choices to spend in other areas and also cut back and get our profitability in our Solar business up.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. Technology shrinks are ongoing. The DRAM guys have had -- primarily, where they're spending their small capital budget is on technology shrinks. But we've been encouraged to see prices stabilize here. I think it's certainly a sign that capacity and demand are getting more in balance there, as we all know there is some capacity coming off line here at the current time, which also should help that balance. But people are not talking about new factories yet at this point, or new big capacity adds.
Michael R. Splinter: I really think it's too early to tell exactly how Elpida and Micron are going to get together. I'd just say we're encouraged that the factories are still running and Elpida is getting orders from major customers. I think those things are positive signs right now. How far down the road, certainly, eventually, they have to synergize the technologies, but that may not be needed for a while because the spec DRAM cells are relatively similar.
Michael R. Splinter: But certainly people are concerned about not having enough supply at this node. So I think it will be interesting to see what strategic actions they take for the next node of capacity.
Michael R. Splinter: I think it really depends on what the demand on smartphones and tablets are. These things seem to transcend some of the economic environment, but it depends on how bad a situation we can imagine. Certainly, if there's a situation like 2008, I think everybody pulls back like they did in 2008. But I think with any kind of modest pullback, there's a good chance that these electronic devices continue to be sold in nearly these kind of quantities that we're talking about.
Michael R. Splinter: I think they have to be -- everybody will move to the next generation of technology as fast as they can because demand is high, next-generation gives smaller die size. But I think there's time yet to get those technologies to really be production-worthy. And so as soon as they can get them into production, they will. Everybody is working on that next-generation of technology at a breakneck pace. So it's just a matter of how soon those breakthroughs come and how good the transistors are and how reliable they are.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, I think that we're thinking that, that will happen in later in the calendar year, not probably in the Q3 time frame, as customers are really trying to get that equipment into production status and starting to build chips. So the way we're looking at it is that the pickup will come in the latter part of the calendar year.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. We think both of those are possible. It's in part why we aimed the target at $500 million, so that we could be profitable in 2013 with our current level of expected revenue. It's, of course, pretty hard to tell right now, but we're encouraged by what's happening on the end market. We think the first quarter was pretty close to 8 gigawatts of deployment. So we'll see what happens the rest of the year and how close client demand get.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. Okay, so first on bit growth. Our view on bit growth really hasn't changed much in the last few months. DRAM in the 30% to 40% range, not a lot of momentum there although we see increased footprint on DRAMs and smartphones, which again is another one of those positive signs for DRAMs. And then flash in the 75% bit growth regime. And that's resulting -- and about 1/3 of that results in capacity additions and 2/3 in upgrades -- that they're achieving through upgrades. We think the 20-nanometer technology is going to be between 30% and 40% more complex. Layers that are deposition layers, etch layers, inspections that all could accrue to Applied Materials. So our overall SAM, if you will, should increase by roughly that amount on a per wafer start or per 10,000 wafer start basis.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, the import tariffs for -- the anti-dumping import tariffs were certainly larger than we thought, 30%, more than 30% for many -- as many, many Chinese solar manufacturers. These tariffs are on top of some tariff -- some countervailing duty tariffs already levied, so this seems to be pretty steep. It will certainly cause changes in the supply chain. For those global companies, I think they will be able to adjust their supply chain, move around, get access to cells from other regions. It'll also give opportunity, I think, to Taiwanese manufacturers and of course, it will give some benefit to U.S. manufacturers as these tariffs get levied. For Applied Materials, we're selling to pretty much every solar -- every crystalline silicon solar manufacturer. And our focus with them is on reducing cost and improving efficiency. We certainly -- our goal, and I think the goal of most of our customers is to drive the cost down so that governments don't have to intervene into the business either from incentive or tariff kind of situations. So we're going to keep our focus up in this area. In the end, if it doesn't affect demand, my biggest worry that these tariffs would affect in demand, slowdown in demand, that would be a negative for every part of the solar industry, so hopefully they don't do that. But I think there's a pretty big risk of that.
Michael R. Splinter: Again, we think that making advanced transistors is a very intricate business and implant is going to play an increasingly big role in that. It was part of our thesis from the very beginning of why we were attracted to Varian and the implant business. So we believe that it will be a bigger part of gateless transistors. We think it will be a bigger part of how you dope thin-fed transistors. So we think that this is going to continue to have a growing SAM over the upcoming generations of the technology.
Michael R. Splinter: Well really, foundry in both our share at foundries, but because 28-nanometer transistors, you can see all of our transistor businesses rise. Epi gets -- there's more passes of epi. There's more implants to adjust the transistors. There's more metal passes to ensure that the transistor performance, the turn-on voltages are set at the right levels. So these devices are getting more complex. We have great technology and products that are really aimed at exactly -- we've been working for years with customers exactly for this inflection.
George S. Davis: Jim, it's George. I'll the question on the EES segment. I think if you look at the new EES model that we talked about at the Analyst Meeting, we showed that operating margins went to somewhere between 16% and 19% when we to get to a $1 billion of revenue, which is about half of the run rate that we saw last year. So we think as EES moves up into that range, it starts to show the underlying benefit of the core operating businesses. It continues to be an investment vehicle for us. We think this is an attractive long-term business and so we'll continue to invest in next-generation cell technologies. But we think in that range, it will be a positive contributor to the company.
George S. Davis: Yes, I think the pick up that we're seeing in our outlook is driven by SSG, so that's where we're getting the additional benefit.
George S. Davis: And with some of our customers, the time between order and shipment is pretty tight. And so we had another quarter of pretty high turns, which also makes it hard to make the math work when you look at the high orders in this quarter and the lower orders, but still very strong demand.
George S. Davis: It will be -- I think, more impact on the margin will be just the activities we're taking on cost. So it'll be modestly positive, but not material.
George S. Davis: I think it's a great long-term question. I don't think we would have any visibility to that trend starting now. And again, I think what you're seeing with foundry customers is a desire to add capacity to meet future demand and across a broad group of customers. So I think the model as it stands right now is still on the horizon.
George S. Davis: Well, one of the challenges is how do you -- you'd have to be a customer that had tremendous scale. Because factories today are only going to get more scale intensive. So there's probably only 1 or 2 customers, and maybe 3 actually, that have that kind of scale and 2 are already fairly engaged in production.
George S. Davis: And we're starting to PCs pickup, which is a positive sign and certainly we didn't get much help from PCs last year.
George S. Davis: Well, I mean, I think we discussed the SSG element, which is a high degree of turns business that we saw in the second quarter. Also, remember we had a large, close to $100 million booking in AGS related to a SunFab project and that won't actually revenue until after the third quarter. So that may be part of what, if you're trying to reconcile, that may be part of the math.
George S. Davis: Well, I think you're already going to see it. In the third quarter, we said we'd be down on revenue. I think we're going to be fairly flat on gross margin as some of the improvements help offset the effect of volumes. So one of the things in margin that is the big factor is going to be mix. And as we get -- continue to see a strong semi mix, while we're -- particularly while we're seeing the non-semi business is still at absolute levels, we still have some room for upside. But really it's when the non-semi businesses start to recover, which we expect to happen in '13, that I think you're going to see some real lift on the margin side.
George S. Davis: Yes, I think it's -- I'd love to say it's a little bit of all of it, but the fact is we also had an additional month, which was an important month in terms of demand. It's a month that'll be in our competitors' next quarter and it won't be in ours. But we had very, very strong, particularly foundry orders in the second quarter, and that really was the foundation. In addition, as I said in AGS, we're above trend in orders because we had the one large project order that skews the data a little bit.
George S. Davis: Yes, again for Q3, we would expect to be in the range of $565 million, plus or minus $10 million, certainly down from Q2. And then as we see the effects of synergies increasing and also the impact of the EES restructure, we should be able to move down lower in the range.
George S. Davis: I mean, we think you could see orders certainly bounce up to that level as early as our fourth fiscal quarter. But we would expect that run rate to be certainly more prevalent in 2013 than we're seeing here in 2012.
George S. Davis: Sure. So as we said for the second half of the year, we don't really see a big shift in mix impacting. So I think at the levels that we're seeing today or possibly slightly improved on margin. And the tax rate for the full year, our outlook is still 26% to 27%.
George S. Davis: I'll talk about the year and, Mike, maybe you want to talk about the future technology generations. For the year, this is -- the second quarter was just a very, very strong quarter, record quarter for Varian since its inception. So, while I'd like to see every quarter going forward at this level, I think it'll move in line with the rest of the industry. But very, very strong overall.
George S. Davis: What we've said is historically, we've been pretty ratable when we are buying and we've said with the kind of volatility that we're seeing in the markets today that we're going to be a little bit more opportunistic. And so we won't forecast ahead of the quarter what amount we're going to buy, but we certainly expect to be active buyers at these levels.
