Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Applied's first quarter of fiscal 2022 earnings call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Bob Halliday, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-K and 8-K filings with the SEC. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I have a calendar announcement. Applied will hold its next master class on Thursday, April 21, at 9:00 Pacific Time. We'll cover patterning technologies for the chip-making industry, including 2D scaling with EUV lithography, materials-enabled patterning of gate-all-around transistors and 3D patterning control using e-beam technology and AI(x). We hope you'll join our technology experts for presentations and Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Bob. To help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question on today's call. If you have a second question, please re-queue and we’ll do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let's please begin. 
Michael Sullivan: Yes. Thanks, Stacy. And then those numbers are right for semi systems. We would say that AGS year-over-year -- AGS tends to grow a little bit slower than semi systems. So it's probably just up low double-digits. And then display, you already have our view that it's probably up a little bit year-over-year, also depending on the supply chain, but that'll help you with the 5, 7, 9 for semi, and that gives you the shape of the rest of the revenue.
Michael Sullivan: All right. Thanks, Bob. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of the call is going to be available on our website by 5 o’clock Pacific Time. We'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Gary Dickerson: Well, let me take those six questions, C.J. So first, what's going on with gross margins? What's the outlook and what can we do? So what's going on with gross margins? As you know, in Q4 of 2021, we did 48.2%. The long-term model in 2024, I guess, it is, is 48.5% at $87 billion, 48.8% at $100 billion. We were around 47.3% this quarter. We guide around 47%. We go up half a point the other year. There are two things that are hitting us. One is cost increases from logistics, inefficient factory ops -- operations like overhead and burn absorption; and thirdly, some material cost issues. I'd price those in at 1% to 1.5% on gross margin impact, probably about 1.2% to middle point. I would say that most of those are transitory, factory absorption, logistics and a bunch of the material cost stuff should get better. So I'd say, over two-thirds of that is kind of transitory. The second one is mix. We have a couple of mixers. We have very, very strong orders and backlog, particularly in semi. So if we had a higher mix of semi versus non-semi, we help our gross margins. Secondly, if you had a better -- if you look -- we priced out the mix of our semi backlog. So our mix in the semi backlog is very attractive. So if you look at those two mix things and you normalize by past backlog levels, well, we could ship. You pick again another 1 to 1.5 points of gross margins. And again, the sweet spot is kind of 1.2. So if you're at 80, 47 next quarter, if you could get 1 point to 1.2, you're pretty much on model. You might be above it a little bit actually. So that's the scale of what we're looking at. So we're pretty confident we're on the model trajectory of 48.5% at $87 billion and 48.8% at $100 billion WFE. Secondly, the cost increases, can we do anything to mitigate that and pass it along? With customers, our three primary issues are; one, we have to do better on deliveries. Job one for us is to ship more tools, get them out the door on time to customers, and that's our commitment to customers. Secondly, for a long time, we have created really valuable tools and shared that value with our customers and ourselves. And I think we've done a good job on both sides. Now that we have these unusual cost pressures, I think it's fair to have that discussion with customers. But job one and job two is to get our product shipping in volume on time and also to create value for customers. But I think we can have that type of conversation.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Toshiya. No question that the areas that you mentioned, etch, PDC, are significant opportunities for us both now and going forward. I'd say the biggest thing for us is capturing the inflections. We talked about gate-all-around, wiring. We mentioned a few months ago bringing a new tool to market, seven different technologies and an integrated platform to lower wiring resistance by 50%. And that one platform -- combined platform is worth billions of dollars. So you've got the transistor to process the data, wiring to connect the data, all of the technologies associated with those inflections. We gave some examples around capacitor, scaling in DRAM, the CMOS logic, also inflection in memory. All of those inflections are really, really great opportunities for Applied. Really, the unique thing for us when you look at whether it's the leading logic, ICAPS, Memory, packaging is another one where we have over 50% share of our served markets, we have very deep visibility into all of those inflections. And it's really about creating materials to enable the electrical performance, shaping those structures, modifying the materials, analyzing to really drive the T and the PPACt for our customers. We're in really -- we've never been in a better position in any of those different areas. In the specific products you mentioned in etch certainly, that's been a really great growth platform for us. The Sym3 etcher has significant technical advantages, higher conductance with a larger chamber volume, unique materials on our chamber wall so we can provide better defects and better yield. And again, really, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, not only are we doing really well in memory there, but we're gaining significant share -- double-digit share at all the leading foundry/logic customers. PDC, that was another one that you mentioned, really tremendous growth in PDC, 68% in terms of the overall revenue growth. A really significant position in E-beam -- or E-beam overall, the review, inspection, measurement where we doubled in 2021. We have significant leadership there. In 2022, we'll have significant growth not only in E-beam, but even faster growth in optical wafer inspection. So I would say on the unit processes, we're in a really great position. And really, what I'm most excited about is our ability to capture these big inflections that I talked about in the prepared remarks. Relative to what you see in the revenue growth, and Bob mentioned that earlier, you just can't see it because we can't ship it. And also what Bob talked about earlier was that our backlog -- we're booking into 2023, especially in some of our leadership areas. Bob mentioned our metals for wiring. And again, big inflections in wiring where Applied has tremendous leadership. epi, implant, that's another one that will grow significantly for us in 2022. So yes, I -- really, we've never been in a better position, Toshiya, than where we are right now. The biggest challenge for us right now is to close that demand supply gap.
Gary Dickerson: Well, yes, thanks for the question, Tim. In terms of WFE or the capital intensity, the number is definitely higher than 14%. If you look at all of these big inflections that the customers are ramping, the capital intensity is probably around 18%, I would guess, right now, but definitely higher than the 14% number. I'll let Bob come in, in here in just a second. But just one example is, in wiring resistance where that is one of the biggest areas of focus for all of the foundry-logic customers. If you look at back-end interconnect steps from 5-nanometer to 3-nanometer, they're increasing by about 2x. Now the other thing that's happening -- and by the way, it's also increasing in not only foundry-logic, but also in memory. So that -- again, that's just an example -- to get that 50% reduction in wiring resistance, it's pretty complex. That complexity also impacts the output of the system. So not only are you seeing step -- steps increase, but you're also seeing a reduction in output. And then certainly for Applied, our metal deposition products where we have a very, very high share, that's an example of a really significant driver for us and one of the factors on why we're booking into 2023 for those products. And Bob, I don't know if you want to add any more color.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Thanks, Joe. I'm living this every single day relative to going deep in the supply chain with all of the components that are constraining our output. I really think the guidance we've given, Bob talked about relative to quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter improvement, is really in the ZIP code of where we're going to land. We definitely have much, much deeper visibility even than we had -- we were on this call a quarter ago. As Bob talked about, from a chip perspective, in a lot of cases, these chips are buried down in components. They come from our customers through distributors, and they really don't know the end destination for those chips. As they learn that where the constraints are, they've certainly responded in helping to resolve those issues. But there are just a number of those different constraints. I wouldn't say it's only chips. They're also other areas of the industry. I mentioned again in our metal deposition products where the -- really the demand has just went up so much higher than where they were. There are other components that are also constraining us. But I think that we do have much deeper visibility. And what Bob said earlier, I think, is also true. We will come out of this stronger. I think there's no question we'll have better visibility. We have very -- we'll have deeper relationships with our suppliers. So again -- but I think from a ZIP code standpoint, the ballpark of what Bob talked about in terms of the incremental growth quarter-on-quarter is about right. Again, it may not be exactly those numbers, but that's really the relative trajectory.
Gary Dickerson: Sure. Good question, Sidney. I think that there's two reference points for our view of DRAM NAND, growth foundry/logic and the mix. And I think our views changed a little bit since last quarter, I think last quarter our outlook for 2022, we’re probably a little low on outlook for China, and we're probably a little low on DRAM in particular. So if you look at our reference point, we now believe that in a constrained environment, which is kind of the $100 billion number, we think that DRAM and NAND are kind of flattish from 2021. Maybe down a tiny bit, but kind of flattish and if you look at foundry/logic, that's the biggest growth and we think that increases from 60% to several points higher than that in terms of mix in a $100 billion environment. So number one, I think we're more positive on DRAM and NAND, DRAM, particularly than we were last quarter. And we are more positive on overall WFE in 2022 than we were last quarter. I think we still remain positive on foundry, but DRAM probably had the biggest delta on our view from last quarter. And then in an unconstrained -- and I don't think they're growing too fast, frankly. If you look at fab utilization by memory and DRAM, it's pretty darn good. So I think they're okay. And I think it's a little more second half weighted.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. I would say, Mehdi, just one more thing. That's -- a dynamic over the last few years, is you used to have used tools that were available for ICAPS, that's all gone. And more of that has moved from 200-millimeter to 300-millimeter. So all of those transitions have increased capital intensity for ICAPS.
Bob Halliday: Yes. It's kind of -- it's roughly five, seven. And then in the fiscal Q1, we think around nine. That's semi. And AGS and display are similar type of numbers. So the overall number is pretty close.
Bob Halliday: And I think that's a fair estimate. We still got to work through issues, but I think it's a good estimate.
Bob Halliday: Well, if you look at total material receipts for us in Q1, they were up a good amount, but we didn't get exactly to match of parts. We -- they were up kind of mid to high-single digits. And if you look at that type of increase in Q2, we think that's similar. But I think we'll have a better match of the parts. You remember what you said last quarter was, there's a lot of stuff we're tracking, but the hotspot is kind of some semi device type things that are supplied through the distribution channel to our customers. So we think it's a fair estimate of what we could do. It's not internal capacity constraints. It's more some parts in the supply chain. And I think it's a reasonable estimate.
Bob Halliday: Well, I'll give you my perspective, and Gary talks to customers a lot if he hears. So I think, one, if you look at the magnitude of the orders and how much they're growing, it's a pretty big number. So we're not going to be overbuilding inventory or anything. The second thing is if you look at the mix, I think that's where it's doing. So if you look at memory -- so I'll give you some data, John. So if you go look at the history of the industry the last 15 years, 20 years, some of the leading indicators of when you overbuild is particularly strong memory is three years of a strong memory year. 7, 17 and 18, we're all over 50% in memory. So if you look at it right now, memory was 40% of WFE in 2021 and going down several points in 2022. So we look at memory as moderate growth, and we don't see double bookings there. Second thing is a leading indicator of whether they're overbooking in the short-term, we look at wafer starts and we look at fab utilization. So I said last quarter, fab utilization was at a record at our fiscal Q4. In fact, in Q1, fab utilization is slightly higher, so very high. Thirdly, if you look at wafer starts over the last several years, wafer starts from 2016 to 2021 in memory, DRAM and NAND were both 19%. That's not a compound rate of growth. That's a total growth from 2016 to 2021. If you look at 200-millimeter, it's 70%. If you look at the growth was, it was kind of 300-millimeter stuff, 100% from 2016 to 2021 in logic and foundry, right -- logic/ foundry. So now you go, well – so gee let's look at logic/foundry. So if you look at TSMC has put long-term spending out -- forecast of $100 billion kind of CapEx, $40 billion, $42 billion in CapEx next this year. And we've talked closely to them. I mean they're pretty committed to spend. If you look at Intel, pretty committed to spending announcing new fabs. We're tracking fabs. Last quarter, we started a number of 59 shells with $300 billion of -- 335 -- 300 to 335. That number is up to 68, 365 billion to 385 billion. So if you look at shell counts, you look at growth and starts, you look at fab utilization, and you look at what the foundry/logic guys are committing to who are a little more predictable and you look at memory mix, it's pretty good. Then you look at ICAPS mix versus trailing edge, right? Because ICAPS historically wasn't too big. Now, ICAPS we define as 10-nanometer above, right? So if you look at that, it used to be pretty moderate, because the business model for customers was to roll over tools from leading edge to the trailing edge, and that was enough tools to do trailing edge. But if you look at trailing edge demand, it's through the roof. If you look at the WFE by application base from 21 forward to 26, some of the biggest growth areas are, if you look at, its data center, the accelerators, but it's also automobile, IoT, comms and some stuff in phones, particularly sensors. So there's big demand on this ICAPS sensor stuff. So if you look at it, the demand is there. And the funding of that through tools is not there, because you don't have enough rolling over from the leading edge, because the demand is going up on the trailing edge, right? So then you look at it and say, well, what is actual demand? So we said 53% in 2021 and 2022 for ICAPS. Well, if you drill into 20-nanometer and above, so -- or 10, 14, 16 and look at some of the older stuff, particularly 28, it's gone up as a percentage of WFE from 31% in 2020 to 43% in 2021 and 44% in 2022. So because of two factors, demand going up and less tools to roll over to those. So somebody might say, well, gee whiz, that's overheated. Well, if you look at the rate of increase is declining, right, it went 31, 43, 44. So it's strong, but the rate of increase is declining. So the very long answer, but I gave you data, is I don't think we're overheated right now. We have lots of orders. The mix is the type of mix, it's not crazy mix. Now, you can drill into ICAPS in China a little bit. But I think we're pretty good this year and probably next year.
Bob Halliday: It's completely supply constrained. We have more orders than we can ship. If you look at our backlog build was 1.3 billion in the quarter, and our backlog growth is pretty substantial in the next couple of quarters. So we are totally supply constrained as everyone is in the industry. I think $300 million was starting number for what it was in Q4. And I think Q1 could have been more if we weren't supply constrained. And the mix is really good for us in the backlog. Its products like MDP, APTD and DDP and products like that.
Bob Halliday: Yes. I'll give you some more color than yes. So we buy -- an average tool has got about 5,000 discrete parts for us. And then those parts have many subcomponents down to our level of suppliers. And so some of our suppliers on MRP, some of them run build to stock, stuff like that. So our historical visibility in today builds and material and their supply chain was limited. We've gotten into a lot more depth to understand our suppliers, suppliers, suppliers, which goes back to our customers. It's kind of a circuit route. And at many times, they get their parts from our customers through distributors, not directly from our customers. So as we have gotten visibility into this, we've gotten a much more in-depth understanding of the choke points and ways to manage this tactically and, frankly, long-term strategically. So I think our visibility is a lot better. Our management is getting incrementally better every quarter. And how we think about it strategically long-term, I think, is a very big benefit to the company. So yeah, we got, again, better visibility. I think we're tactically managing better. We're not out of the woods yet, but I think there's going to be long-term benefits to the company in terms of our depth of understanding.
Bob Halliday: Sure. Well, you've got a couple of questions in there, Harlan. Mechanically, what we do? Two, the visibility. And three, what do we think unconstrained demand is in 2022? So if you think about how we do it, we send signals to the supply chain through MRP. And they say they can meet or not meet. Frankly, they are struggling to understand what they can meet more than a quarter or two out because it's their suppliers, right? So I think visibility is kind of gray. So we mechanically do it, but nobody is sure, right? The second thing is -- but we see improvement, right? The second thing is what do we think unconstrained demand is? I think the tactical question you asked, too, could we go out of the year with demand still north of supply? Yes, we could. We're into 2023. So I think our backlog probably grows throughout our fiscal year. If you go look at unconstrained demand, I think, WFE 100 billion is defined as what we ship for the industry. And you see our competitors are also constrained this year, and they're booking into 2023. I think unconstrained demand is several billion more than 100. I think it's less than 110 billion, but it's more than 100 billion.
Bob Halliday: That mostly helps efficiency of shipping, receiving, moving things around. It doesn't do much to our costs, because our volumes are up, so the cost that we absorb into the burden. And so as a percentage of cost, it doesn't have much impact. We probably, frankly, will do further expansions in the next year or two. But I don't think it hurts our cost, helps our -- affect us in efficiency.
Bob Halliday: Yes, I think gross margin is probably about 0.5 point from the Q2 guide to Q4. And I think what we just mentioned doesn't have really any impact.
Bob Halliday: Sure. It's a good question, Tim. I think the 14%, 15% is running a little higher. I think sustainably, you're at a good 15%. If you look at the trend lines and just split it out, WFE intensity, just WFE divided by customers' revenues, if you look at FoundryLogic, DRAM and NAND, FoundryLogic is the most, and it's trending up for a couple of reasons, leading edge and because of there's not enough tools for the trailing edge. So the revenue dollars, take more WFE and you can sort of see customers talking about that too. And you see customers like TI who haven't spent in years having to add trailing capacity so the CapEx as a percentage of WFE of revenues trending up. If you do a rough cut and you think with this FoundryLogic mix with more ICAPS, with more greenfields and technological inflections around 3D and gate-all-around, which will drive a little more spending, I think 15% is kind of new normal, frankly. If you look at electronics spending in 2025, it's about $780 billion. So if you take 15% of that, you're about $117 billion WFE in 2025. So I think kind of sustainable growth rate is high single digits for WFE, and it's driven partly -- and half of that has got a capital intensity, half is growth in wafer starts. And if you drive the capital intensity at 50%, I think the numbers all kind of worked to high single-digit sustainable cross-cycle growth rate for WFE.
Bob Halliday: All right. So what we did is we broke down ICAPS a little bit. We define ICAPS as everything, except the leading node. So that's 10 and above, okay? But then I drove into it some more, and I said, I want to look at 20-nanometer and above, including 200-millimeter stuff, because if you look at the last three years, the sales in those have grown. Now, where you particularly had growth is 28-nanometer stuff. So the percentage of foundry and logic that was 20-nanometer and above in 2020 in the WFE numbers was 31%. And then our revenue mix for us, for foundry-logic, pretty similar too. We had 43% for 2021 and 44% for 2022. And where you see the biggest growth year-on-year is 28-nanometers up; 45-nanometers up, the strongest; 90-nanometer, not too much. But we went into depth by node by year. So our conclusion is that -- so the other thing that's interesting Mehdi was, it's gone up, the rate of acceleration has diminished somewhat. And then, if you look at a curve in the out years for ICAPS, leading edge, DRAM and NAND and their share and growing of WFE, you see ICAPS growing in absolute volume. So what also you have to think about is where do the ICAPS tools come from? Not only are the number of devices coming, but we did get the equipment for that. So they used to take that equipment and roll it over from the leading edge. So let's make up an example. So in the leading edge, you might run it for a couple of years, two nodes, and you might roll 90% of the equipment forward to the next node and then 10% for reuse of some gets left behind. But if ICAPS trailing edge isn't growing much, you have most of your equipment for the trailing edge fully depreciated to use on the trailing edge. But an incremental growth in ICAPS, they believe your ICAPS grows 2x. Your capital equipment requirements for it goes up like 10x, relatively speaking, because you don't have that much equipment rolling over from the leading edge. So the WFE spend on ICAPS is driven by not just growth in ICAPS, but the availability of tools to roll into it that generally have to buy new.
Bob Halliday: Yes. I think that's fair. The only thing you might look at, Mehdi, which is interesting is, where is the growth in WFE spend by application. And you've got a pretty big growth in the out years for automobiles, IoTs, some of the sensors stuff in phones. So I agree the China stuff will sustain stuff. I agree that the long-term demand is pretty good. I agree that they can't keep growing forever. But I think it's already started to decelerate a little bit in the relative growth rates from 2020 to 2021, 2021 to 2022. And you have to look at that availability of tools to roll over from the leading edge when you look at WFE, because it's a compounding factor.
Bob Halliday: Sure, Mike. I'll give you my three-legged stool summary. You all look forward to those. Number one, demand continues to be very strong. We see our business trending up as we proceed through the year, and we believe 2023 will be even stronger. Number two, Applied's position is very strong. I'm confident that we really make progress with our supply chain; we'll be able to demonstrate that we are very much on track to our market share and our gross margin targets. And number three, even in this constrained environment, we're generating record revenue and operating cash flow, which is fueling strong shareholder returns. Now Mike, let's go ahead and close the call.
