Michael Sullivan: Thank you. In a moment, we'll discuss the results for our second quarter which ended on May 1. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Bob Halliday, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements including Applied's current view of its industries, performance, products, share positions, profitability and business outlook. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, and are not guarantees of future performance. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, projections and assumptions as of May 19, 2016, and Applied assumes no obligation to update them. Today's call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today's earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the Investor's page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Next, I'd like to share a calendar announcement. Applied Materials plans to hold it's 2016 analyst meeting in New York City on Wednesday, September 21. Those of you joining us in New York will have the option to attend technology sessions with our general managers. The main event will be webcast live. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Bob. To help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. Jerome, thanks for your question. We would like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning at 5 PM Pacific Time today and thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials. 
Robert Halliday: Sure, let me see if I can start and Gary can jump in. what we are seeing is two or three things helping us here. One, the overall market is going for spending. Two, opposition is growing. I don't think we have reached the culmination of our ability to grow and I think that's going to go on for the next several years. 
Robert Halliday: Yes, on the NAND business very strong pull from the customers as NAND moves from Litho enabled scaling to materials labor scaling so we see very pull for edge we are gaining new steps and very strong performance. Overall we believe this will be a strong year for Etch business will gain share and certainly in 3D NAND the growth there is significant. Deposition is another area, CVD is an area that's very strong in NAND. We have additional epi-steps in NAND. There are many additional CMP steps so there are number of areas where there is significant growth for us in 3D NAND and we look at this as a wave that will continue over the next few years. So it is really a great opportunity for Applied where our TAM is going up as you are moving up from Litho to materials and we are also significantly increasing our share in 3D NAND.
Robert Halliday: Thank you, I will take the Etch question. So as I said earlier, we think that 2016 is going to be a really strong year for us in growing our Etch share. We have a very strong position, very strong position in 3D NAND conductor edge. So, as that business continues to grow, as that wave moves forward over the next few years, we are in a really great position and we have some of the most exciting products in this group that I have seen in my whole career. The same three, tremendous poll from customers in 3D NAND and also in other segments, we are winning new steps and really across the board for same three so very strong position there and also in selected material removal. We have very strong focus from customers and that business is also growing for us at a strong rate. So overall, we think 2016 is going to be a great year for Etch and again some of the strongest products I have seen in my career. 
Robert Halliday: Well I think as Gary sort of referred to the waves, things that are happening for us now are not one quarter advanced, there is several inflections going on. In display it's around OLED, in NAND it's around V-NAND even in the China thing this has been going on for years and in the foundry strength we have seen on severance going to go on next couple of years. So these big inflections are going to go on for a number of years. For instance, in display we think it's going to go on for a while, it's not a one quarter event and we see the concentration in mobile in terms of your specific question on TVs I guess in China, was that the specific question? Yes, we think the display order rate will be fixed around for this year. 
Robert Halliday: We think in our fiscal year, we think our orders in foundry remain quite strong. We think in the calendar year, split for the business we think foundry has second half weighted also. So we think second half is pretty good on foundry.
Robert Halliday: Yes, let me give you, you said have two questions. Let me strike them both. First in terms of the second quarter just ended we were pretty strong across the board in orders. We had a very strong quarter, almost a billion dollars as Gary mentioned. And in terms of the other devices foundry, D-RAM and logic we were reasonably strong actually across the board and display was very strong and services did well too. So our strength was pretty broad in terms of the China impact, the Chinese talk about spending $20 billion to $30 billion of over 4 to 5 years. We are seeing record revenue for ourselves in China this period and it's gone up and our expectations have gone up every quarter basically so in terms of they spend $20 billion to $30 billion over 4 to 5 years.  How much is incremental? That's about $4 billion a year roughly, $5 billion a year. I would say for the next three years you could see some maybe half of it incremental. I think it provides an underpinning for overall demand so that you feel pretty comfortable that next year is probably a good 32 year if you guess because you got this underpinning of good NAND, good China, I think the second wave of 10-7 is okay. D-RAM I am not sure about. 
Robert Halliday: Sure. This year we came in to the year with 150,000 installed. We think the year goes up to 350,000 to 400,000. In terms of the mix we think ads, capacity ads probably a 100 to 150 converts to 100 to 150 in a year. 
Robert Halliday: Well, a piece together data you already have just to give you some more pieces to the puzzle. Our backlog at the end of the quarter was $4.2 billion and we said in -- if we're going to stay [ph] right now in 73% of the backlog is shippable in the next six months. And then if you look at it on the semi side, the lead times and that stuff typically not so long, on display we've said that the lead times historically been six to nine months, now we're able to increase our outlook for display revenues next quarter because we're trying to pump a little bit in the supply chain, so we're optimistic that display can continue strong in revenues for the rest of the calendar year. So we are feeling pretty good that our second half will be up from first half and it will be well in the year. And the underpinnings that we talked about our strength and display where we have the orders in backlog and figured that strong, in semi it was till we think that share gains goes up this year and as this in semi equipment, and services will get strong for the rest of the year, it will continue to be strong. And -- so we feel pretty good about the second half.
Robert Halliday: Yes, we think the operating margins prospectively for display are pretty positive. Right now we're ramping a lot of things, we're ramping new products, we're ramping production. So we think over the time as we basically said or implied in the financial of the company, the display operating margins for the company will be similar to the overall average for the company. Now both display and AGS have slightly different business model in FSG and that the gross margin tend to be little higher in FSG but the operating expenses metrics are less in AGS and display. So your net-net come down about the same operating margins.
Robert Halliday: Sure. What we said earlier in the year that of our display business this year, over 60% was going to be mobile and in fact it's probably over 70% now and the vast significant majority of that -- the great majority of that is focused on the OLED market this year in terms of the order rate. In terms of when it revenues, we anticipate as we guided that our revenues will be up next quarter, we are positive out of revenue opportunities for Q4 and we think we'll do very well in display next year too, there won't all obviously revenue in next six months -- three to six months but we feel good about our opportunity on a long-term basis in display.
Robert Halliday: Sure, that's a good question. We are working a lot on gross margins. Let me give you -- year-end analysis you might find interesting. So the company gross margins as you know were 40.9 in 2012, 42.1 in 2013, 44.1 in 2014, and then we went down a little bit around 43 last year, I think it would be probably about the same next year. I guess we're 42 last year. And so I feel when we're making a traction or not, so I have the guys run all of our BUs and all of our segment with current gross margins by BU segment with 14 mix. And if you take the 14 mix, when we are in 44.1, the gross margins this year would be 44.7 which is up six times from NAND and north of our committed model 44.6. So what you see is within virtually all the product groups, and within -- exercise the cost reduction and negotiation, we're doing pretty well actually, and it is in fact mix the challenge for us. So I do think that as I said earlier, for instance display is a similar operating margins to company but lower gross margins. In Etch we're doing great in terms of growing profitability and market share, it was all lower gross margin also at this stage. So those are headwinds in our phase this year but we think we'll offset them and still hit the roughly 43% on the end as we said earlier in the year.
Robert Halliday: Yes, we haven't gone into that level of detail. We think overtime that gross and operating margins in display will trend up but we haven't been specific on the numbers.
Robert Halliday: I'll start and Gary can jump in if he wants. We think DRAM was front-end loaded, first half loaded on a calendar year, softer in the second half. In terms of our outlook for DRAM specifically, we think it's stronger in the first half than second half. We have speculation about some of that early spend in DRAM but it's not in our line of sight yet.
Robert Halliday: I'll just add, the team's done a great job, number one. Number two, the market is going to grow for a while and are going to capture with products we're still pushing down the pipe and look very optimistic it's going to grow. So self-addressable market looks good too.
Robert Halliday: You've got three questions; and the annual trend going back a few years half of this projections in the next year. So if you look at the trend maybe you're correct that total foundry spending from 2014 was down to 2015, down -- sort of flat, up a little bit in 2016. I don't have 2013 in front of me, I think it was similar to -- here is 2013, not too much total though [ph], there it is -- 2013 was about the same. So 2013 and 2014 was about the same, down a little bit 2015, down a little bit 2016. So that's the annual trend. If you look at the year, we're pretty confident that foundry is strong in the second half based on the timing of the specific summit. Now what you have going along which is a little different than a lot of people were concerned about sort of the dynamic of what happened in 2014 going to 2015 and what could happen in 2016 going into 2017. So if you don't look at 2014, when we turn down to 2015, this sort of had a latent excess capacity, right. You had 28-nanometer business have been purchased a year or two before capacity for big foundry manufacturer. And then a lot of the capacity was added very aggressively in 2014, so 20-nanometer for the same found-customer. So that you had latent potential capacity there that hit us in 2015. And that also hit us a little bit with another foundry customers who thought they could get some of the business. You don't have the same type of dynamic this year because you're in the very early stages of the buildup, 10-7 to the overbuild you had from the previous note, say 28 in this case, you don't really have that as much from 2014-2016. And thirdly, they haven't ramped that much on at this point. In 2014, at the end of 2014 they had about 100,000 wafer starts total installed of 20, then in this year on PAN alone, they might have 50,000. So that would 55,000 or 60,000. So you're in the early stages; so one, it's been trending down over years, primary because of there is capacity issue there and growth is little bit down. Second, is the second half good this year, yes it is, because we can see it. Third, do we have this big capacity issue next year? Not so much because it's different and related to that, an unusually high amount of spending in foundry this year is at 40 and above and 28 is pretty strong because of the China problem. So I think catching all on the foundry, sort of a floor is the China problem with adding to foundry floor.
Robert Halliday: Well, what's going to happen is I believe and I think many people believe that is 3D NAND matures and becomes even more reliable and reduces its cost point particularly going to 48 an 64-layers, it's going to significantly expand its market so you kind of grow these drives. So right now we have, I think we had 1,394,000 wafers found in the world of man and through the end of last year 150,000 converted to about 375,000, I think the vast majority of it is converted over time because they are not going to be able to sell that 2D device very well and it's not going to be competitive.  One other thing I will add on 3D NAND overall, our position in 3D NAND is better than any other company. If you look at our strength in Etch the share gains will become evident this year very strong. We are number one in deposition. We have additional CMP staffs, Epi staffs. So again, if you look at our opportunity in 3D NAND. Really we are in a unique position so as those Greenfield factories ramp or the conversion happens. If you look at the spending profile, the spending profile is completely different than it was at 2D NAND. 
Robert Halliday: Yes, we have a very strong momentum with ALD and we are pretty much on track with what we have previously communicated. Very strong position and leading logic and foundry customers. They are seeing device advantages as they are going to the most advanced technology nodes so we look at this as a very good opportunities. One of the areas that will fuel our share gains in 2016.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, I will try if I can jump in. we agree it's flat up this year. The year hasn't unfolded as we had hoped last November it's gone better and better for us frankly. If you look at it NAND has picked up, we now think it's up about 35% year-over-year. While DRAMs is probably down about 25%.  Foundry is not up a lot this year, up somewhat but if you look at our position within foundry, it is really strong and then DRAM also gaining so if you go look at our position with each we are gaining share. I will give you a fact you may not have picked up on. Pre-2012 we were only over 15% in one of the four major groups when you look at NAND, DRAM, foundry and logic. This year we project to be over 20% so if you look at the NAND spending at $9.2 billion, our share is going up to probably under 15% to north of 20% this year and he spending is up to $9.2 billion whereas in the base shift 2012 was about $4.2 billion.  So the market is up and our share is up significantly. And the NAND strength goes on for a number of years as you know by the end of this year we are only going to have about $375,000 wafer stacks converted. There is another a million wafer stacks out there playing on. If you go look at foundry, we anticipate being a reasonable year in foundry, but our positions done really well. Whether it's in Taiwan or lot of the activity going on in China. So we are gaining, we are doing very strongly. And then also logic we are doing well, leading into logic so the way the years laid out our positioning of our products in the market is at fastest growing whether it is NAND, strength in leading edge in foundry, strength in China and also strength in display is playing very well for Applied. So we expect within same gain shares.
Gary Dickerson: Right now what's driving the market in 2016 as we said earlier in the year, we sad earlier over 60% in our orders in revenues this year were going to be Mobile versus TV, in fact that's probably turned up to now over 70 now in terms of order rate. If you look at the big inflection that's taking around mobile and OLED, that inflection may come sometime in TVs but it's not unforeseeable to me in the future. 
Gary Dickerson: Yes, one other thing I would say is China is probably our strongest region relative to our position with both the domestic companies and multi-national companies and as Bob said the momentum just keeps building. We have doubled revenue in china over the last 2 years and I am spending a fair amount of time there myself and certainly you look at what's happening there now and discussions for future projects. As Bob said, multi-year wave opportunity in terms of China. Hard to say exactly what the number would be but it is definitely going to be up a fair amount. 
Gary Dickerson: Yes we are up to $9.2 billion on NAND right now and I think last quarter we brought half a billion less may be. We are seeing broad based spending, some stuff was pulled into the first half and second half is staying strong. 
Gary Dickerson: Yes, we were particularly strong in semi-conductor this quarter in China. We see despite has been very strong but right now the TVs in China the order rates are not as high as it was. 
Gary Dickerson: Yes, we are going to have a strong 10 year and then going to have some 7 also. In terms of the split we think you came into the year with 10 & 7 at about 10,000. We think you would go out of the year maybe 60, some may add 50 concentrated in Taiwan and then if you look at it, what's unusual about this Patrick is some of the trailing edge stuff is pretty strong. You see fair amount of over 40 and above and you see pretty good 28 year also and a lot of that is Chinese impact. 
Gary Dickerson: Yes, we are going to talk about this at the Board of Directors meeting. Share is obvious. We are very committed to shareholders returns, cash returns in fact in the last year we have returned 250% of free cash flow so we can't stay at that level. We are already committed and we also said in the call we will beat our targets of weighted average share in the model in 2018 so you know we are almost there now so we will continue to get better on that. In terms of the magnitude of the debt we have to talk to the board but we are committed to the shareholder returns. We are committed to beating away average shares in the model and the details of it will have to go through with the board in June.
Gary Dickerson: Sure. So let me first also add to Bob's comments on display and then I'll get to Etch. So I really think it's important for people to understand where are the early innings of this opportunity in terms of the OLED wave. And relevant to the questions on sustainability, if you look at the waves that are really driving our business in display, NAND, China; we're in the really innings of all of those different ways. We are continuing to invest and we've expanded our TAM by a factor of 3, we have an opportunity to expand our TAM more in the future. So that went out really, very optimistic that we're going to continue to drive significant growth in display going forward. And then in Etch, we're in a very strong position in Etch to gain share in 2016 and beyond. As I said before, the products that we have; SIM3, selective material removal products, it's almost on a weekly basis I hear new opportunities, very strong poll across the board all customers for these new technologies and so relative to 96-pairs or over 100-pairs we have poll from customers in some of the most critical applications were PTOR/DTOR in some of the most critical applications. So I'm extremely optimistic that we're going to continue to gain share in Etch in 2016 and beyond.
Gary Dickerson: Thanks for the question. So you mentioned thin film encapsulation, and certainly that's a great example, materials engineering enabling new capabilities for our customers and also growth for Applied. So as you said, we talked about that being a great opportunity and that part of what we're seeing in terms of very, very strong opportunity in display. We do have other areas that we're working on but we're not really ready to forecast or signal when those technologies will be ready but I would say that that team in display is an incredible team of people, they've demonstrated that they can grow in these major inflections and I'm very optimistic that this way that we're seeing in display OLED is a multi-year wave and then I really believe that we have a great opportunity to not only ride that wave but expand our TAM and share in display. So very, very optimistic about that business.
Gary Dickerson: Sure, so this is confusing as hell and I am going to try make it half a confusing as hell. So, I am going to give you really simple numbers first. In 2012 total NAND spending was $4.2 billion. We think total NAND spending is just $9.2 billion. Applied Materials share that spending in 2012 was a little under 15%. Applied Materials share that spending over 20% this year. So our revenues are going to go from about $600 million a NAND to close to $2 billion for its share. So the market has more doubled but our revenues have more than tripled because our share is up 50%. Next observation, I will give you is if you compare Greenfield to Greenfield, I am happy to do that for you. A $100,000 wafer stock last planar Greenfield is $3.5 billion. A 3D Greenfield 48 per is $5 billion. But what you kind of have to model is what would they actually buying?  So in 2012 there was a mix of ads and converts right and so if you go look at the data, it's actually fair amount of adds oddly enough in 2012 but for us as a company we mostly were getting the shrink money. Mostly that money was more weighted on converts for Litho so do you go look at it and you go to a 50-50 model now roughly between converts from planar in 3D, our revenue opportunity for where we were in the three days is up more than 3x. And the simple math of what's going on was is 3x yields, it should be even more because the total spending is up. It will be more but there is unusually high spending on planar adds in 2012 so our revenue opportunity apples to apples was kind of over 3x. 
Gary Dickerson: Funny thing you wouldn't intuitively say is that in 2D our market share of conversions was less than our market share of adds. Because they are mostly litho tools. If you go to V-NAND our market share is high in adds but even higher in converts because they don't have to buy new [ph], okay. So they will convert model the total comes down but our share is pretty good actually.
