Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining Applied's second quarter of fiscal 2024 earnings call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO, and Brice Hill, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q filing with the SEC. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on our website at ir.appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I have a calendar announcement. On Tuesday morning, July 9th, from 7:30 to 9 a.m., Applied will host a technology breakfast event at Semicon West in San Francisco. Joining us will be Dr. Prabu Raja, President of Applied's Semiconductor Products Group, along with Mark Fuselier, who is Senior Vice President of Technology and Product Engineering at AMD. After Mark shares AMD's AI computing technology vision, Applied's experts will share our advanced materials engineering roadmap for making future AI chips. We'll outline device architecture inflections in logic, including transistors, frontside wiring and backside power, along with DRAM, high-bandwidth memory, and other forms of advanced packaging. We hope you'll join us. And with that introduction, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Brice. To help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question on today's call. If you have another question, please re-queue, and we'll do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thanks, Brice. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of today's call is going to be available on the IR page of our website by 5 p.m. Pacific Time today. And we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Gary Dickerson: Okay, great. Hi, CJ. Thanks for the question. So, when we look at our business, and think about the largest customers as we look at Q3 and our guidance for Q3, we know that the DRAM shipments that we've had for China that we called out that were fairly high in Q1 and Q2 are falling off in the second half. And what we've been expecting is that ICAPS strength and leading-logic strength would backfill that drop-off in DRAM. And that's exactly what we see happening in Q3. And that's consistent on the leading-logic side with the advent of gate-all-around process technology and equipment beginning to ship earnest -- in earnest for the HVM ramp that will be upcoming, and I think that's a good indication of what we're expecting in the second half. We talked about whether leading-logic and ICAPS would be able to fill in for the drop-off in China DRAM, and that's exactly what we see in Q3. And then, when we look ahead to '25, we'll point to the same fundamental ramp for leading-logic. That will be gate-all-around. Gary highlighted in his remarks that we expected $2.5 billion of business related to gate-all-around shipments in '24. And we expect to be able to grow that significantly in '25 as that process technology ramps towards HVM, high-volume manufacturing.
Gary Dickerson: Stacy, this is Gary. Really, the big focus for us is enabling and winning major device architecture inflections. So, when you break out all of these different device segments, certainly, foundry-logic leading-edge, the opportunity there for us to grow is significant because we have a very high share of those big inflections. The gate-all-around, backside power delivery, wiring is a real strength for us. As Brice mentioned, in DRAM, we gained 10 points of overall DRAM share over the last 10 years. And if I look forward at the architecture inflections in DRAM, we're even better positioned. Those will be much more materials-intensive, materials engineering-enabled, and that's going to be a really good position for us. We also talked about packaging. We've increased our view of packaging in '24 to $1.7 billion. But as I mentioned and Brice reiterated, we have an opportunity to double advanced packaging business. In HBM, that's -- we've increased that growth from 4x to 6x this year. And the last one is our services business, 19th consecutive quarters year-over-year, where we've seen growth. And with these highly complex architecture inflections, it gives us a really great opportunity to add more value with our services business. Also as people are moving into new locations where they don't have an experienced workforce, we've talked about double-digit growth in services right now. That's a $6 billion run rate, but that's adding significant growth as we go forward. So, there's just a few other thoughts.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Mark. So, if you look at the industry overall, all of our customers are racing to be first to market to deliver those major device architecture inflections that determine their competitive position. So, gate-all-around, backside power, those new DRAM architectures and packaging is becoming more and more important to power performance and costs. So that is really what shapes the competitive landscape in the industry. And it's very, very clear, we're working with our customers for technology generations out into the future. So, we have very high visibility in -- this broad and connected portfolio that we have gives us an opportunity to engage with customers in those early and very deep relationships on those architecture inflections. And as we look forward, we do see materials engineering as a percentage of spend and the relative contribution increasing. And Applied has clear leadership, especially with this broad, connected portfolio. We built integration capability inside Applied that is really tremendous and really co-innovating with our customers as they're driving those architecture inflections. So, I do believe, for sure, that we will be creating more value in those relationships with our customers, and that certainly is valuable for them. And our focus is to capture more value as we're delivering more value with them. So, your basic question, I agree with your thoughts.
Gary Dickerson: Vivek, I'd add, relative to kind of what drives the incremental spending, these technologies where you're improving device performance, the drive current, leakage, power consumption, all of those things, are incredibly difficult. And so, the customers -- and it's really all about this materials magic that we're able to provide with that broad portfolio of different types of technologies. So, step counts are increasing at every one of those different technology nodes as they are driving those roadmaps for performance, power to meet the -- especially for high-performance computing, AI computing demand type of applications. So again, those are very, very, very difficult technologies. Whether it's 100 billion transistors in a GPU or 100 kilometers of wiring in an applications processor, those are really amazing, amazing technology accomplishments with materials. That's what drives that incremental spending.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, Chris. This is Gary. So, this whole focus around advanced packaging, heterogeneous integration is really a major drive across the entire industry. When you look at AI servers or any of these different kinds of applications, you see tremendous innovation in the high-bandwidth memory. You see tremendous innovation in how you're connecting together all of those high-performance logic chips and memory chips. And we really see the growth there being very, very significant, because it's so important to the industry's roadmap as kind of classic Moore's Law has slowed down significantly. This is another major driver of how the industry will innovate going forward. And with Applied, we have the broadest portfolio of technologies, PVD, CVD, CMP, plating, etch, we've added hybrid bonding, digital lithography, eBeam test. We have a very broad portfolio. And as we see those roadmaps -- and this is why I come back to architecture inflections are really what drives your incremental business going forward. So, we can see the roadmaps for our foundry-logic customers, for memory customers, all of them are investing very heavily in these types of technologies. And some of these areas also that are new innovations from Applied will help us drive that business 2 times higher, and I think that the compound annual growth rate keeps going up from there. The other advantage that we have besides this broad portfolio in the deep, multi-generation connection that we have with all of our customers is our full-flow packaging lab in Singapore. We're working with leading customers on those next-generation innovations, Chris. So, we have pretty good line of sight to what those inflections look like, the architecture inflections will look like in a very strong position to grow our share as those inflections come to market. We're not giving a specific timeframe on the doubling. It will happen over a number of years, but very, very optimistic about our opportunities in packaging.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. I think again, one of the advantages that we have is this broad portfolio of technologies along with integrated tools and also our integration engineering where we're working with customers who are really co-innovating on these different technology inflections. So, if you look at gate-all-around, we have Epi, PVD, ALD, selective removal, etch, thermal processing, implant, CMP and eBeam. So, it's a very broad portfolio. And I'm not going to break out all of those different pieces. But what I would say is our ability to connect that portfolio together is really a tremendous strength in our ability to co-optimize as you're thinking about -- and we've done this back in FinFET also, where we were able to co-optimize and innovate in how you're building those structures so that you can improve power and performance. And we're doing the same thing with gate-all-around.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Really -- hi, Toshiya. Nothing really too much more beyond what Brice was talking about. And we have seen demand for HBM strengthening. We went from about 4x increase to 6x increase from the last time that we talked to you guys. And I would say that we still are seeing incremental demand going forward. So that pull is still there from customers. We're not giving any point estimate for next year, but we do continue to see stronger demand in that segment.
Gary Dickerson: Hi. Krish. Yeah, I don't want to talk too much about the specific architectures that customers are using. That's confidential for all of those different customers. I would say that going forward, that direct connect to the backside is the path that everybody is focused on. So, I think over time, that will grow a fairly significant amount -- well, both of those approaches will grow a fairly significant amount. And we're deeply engaged with customers on that inflection. We're leading in wiring overall. We have a very, very high share of wiring. And so, wiring going to the backside, we've said that, that gives us an opportunity of 50% of that spend when that inflection happens. So, we're supporting both of those different types of approaches for the backside, but I don't want to get too specific in terms of which one do we see bigger. Over time, I think that it could move to the direct connect. But that timing, I don't want to give specifically because that's going to be each one of different customers' roadmaps. Relative to timing for revenue, it's pretty small for us right now in 2024. It will grow in '25, but the ramp -- significant ramp for backside power is still out beyond '25 in revenue.
Gary Dickerson: Thanks, Harlan. This is Gary. So, I would say that for sure, the connection that we have with our eBeam technology and these major architecture inflections is a real advantage for us, because, again, it's a race on who gets there first relative to those major architecture inflections and learning rate, how fast you learn is one of the determining factors. So, having this unique capability is a real advantage for Applied. I mean, obviously, it's a good growth driver for us from a revenue perspective, but that synergy with the rest of our broad portfolio, our connected portfolio, is a real advantage. On coalfield emission, which is really one of the key technologies in the electron optics, it gives us the highest resolution at up to 10 times higher imaging speeds. So, it really is highly differentiated. And we are still on track this year to grow our CFE systems revenue around 4x in '24, and that would represent about 50% of our total eBeam system sales. And then, when I look forward, again, I see PDC as a really great growth driver for Applied. We've had the strongest pipeline of new products than we've ever had. And the synergy with the rest of our process equipment business, all of that materials magic, materials innovation is increasing. So again, very, very optimistic about the shape of that business.
Brice Hill: Yeah, thanks, Stacy, for the question. So, the way -- our perspective, we start with the longer-term view. And as Gary described, we're investing in the key inflections for the fastest-growing markets. And so, our perspective, if you stand back and think over many quarters or the next several years is that the leading-logic technologies like gate-all-around and backside power, the advanced packaging, HBM memory, our services business, we think all of those will grow faster than the average market and will help us gain share. And so, it's harder to call any particular quarter or a short time period in the near future, but that would be our perspective. And I think from a ICAPS perspective, you called out gate-all-around and ICAPS and DRAM and NAND, I think, thinking about all of them. We've talked about our DRAM share having improved over 10 percentage points over the last 10 years. And we expect that technology has great tailwinds. We talked about how HBM and utilization in DRAM is improving. So that's a positive. And if we think about ICAPS, the market, we have three quarters here that you can see, two -- our first two that are closed and our Q3 guidance, and ICAPS is very strong in those quarters and grows in Q3 to fill in some of that China DRAM business that drops off. And then finally, gate-all-around, the $2.5 billion that Gary highlighted, that's not just the incremental, that's our shipments for the entire business that are associated with gate-all-around that are shipping this year, and we do expect that to grow next year.
Brice Hill: Yeah, that's right, Stacy. So, that's not just the increment. That's the entire equipment sales that we'll have for that technology. So, $2.5 billion for this year and opportunity to double that next year.
Brice Hill: Hi, Vivek, it's Brice. I'll just do a clarification here. This quarter -- we decided last quarter when we talked about the incremental revenue for gate-all-around that it was a little bit confusing. So, we changed. And this quarter, we're talking about all of our revenue that's associated with the gate-all-around transistor and wiring. And so, that's not just the increment. So, the $2.5 billion that we're talking about this quarter is not supposed to be interpreted as an increase relative to the $1 billion we talked about last quarter. We're just changing the basis. Now, we're just quoting all of the business that's associated with the gate-all-around product. So, hopefully, that helps. So, as far as answering the question about what's driving the increase, I don't think our perspective has changed very much. It's $2.5 billion for this year. It can grow significantly next year as the technology ramps. And then, what I would say is you do see some of that in our Q3 guide. So, as you know, we took down -- or we're dropping off the incremental China DRAM shipments that we had. And in the second half, we're filling that in with ICAPS strength and growing leading-logic shipments that are driven by gate-all-around.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Srini. Yes, first of all, our mix, as we move to the second half of the year, will normalize with respect to China as a percent of our total revenue. So, it will be closer to 30% as expected. And it's the dynamic that you highlighted. We had some catch-up DRAM shipments to particular customers in China for the last three quarters. Those will fall off as we go through Q3 and Q4, and that really will bring our percentage of China revenue back down to -- closer to what's average over the last few years, which we'll call about 30%. And then, with respect to the mix of business, so as that DRAM business falls off, our ICAPS business and our leading-edge logic business does increase to fill that in. And so that's consistent with continued strength in ICAPS, which the rest of the market for us in China would be ICAPS-related. And I think you described it well. The end markets are mixed. So, industrial and auto have been weaker. Smartphone, PC-related products have been slow, but gaining some strength recently. And then, as we've talked about image sensors, power chips, microcontrollers, a lot of those markets have been stronger. So, it's been mixed end markets, but the customers are investing for forward-looking demand and to get capacity in place for forward-looking demand. And when we see utilization in those markets, we've seen it improve. So, I think when people ask us for guidance, hopefully, the best thing we can tell you is Q1 and Q2 were very strong in ICAPS and Q3 will be another strong quarter in the ICAPS market. Thanks for the question.
Brice Hill: I think, I'll take the first part. I think that demand is across our customer base. So, it's not one single customer, but we won't share any details about the relative balance between customers. And then, from a device mix perspective, Gary -- or I'm sorry, equipment mix, I don't know if there's anything you would highlight there.
Brice Hill: Okay. Toshiya, it's Brice. I'll start, and then Gary may add something on the HBM. So, on the sold out comment, what we do -- we have seen utilizations improve across the DRAM wafer starts. We've seen the allocation to HBM from a wafer start perspective increase from 5% to probably something closer to 20%. That said, it's not 100% utilized. So, you could speculate what the -- if there's some restraints, it could be in the packaging side, and we have seen orders for HBM going up. So, we'll have to let you think about that and talk to those vendors from that perspective. On the NAND side, our perspective on NAND is that Moore's Law is still very much alive in NAND. The bit density is increasing with each generation of NAND fairly aggressively. And it's meeting the demand function for increased bits. And what that really means is that the business we see in NAND is for technology upgrades, more technology upgrades not really new wafer starts. So, that's what we expect to see as we move forward. And overall, we expect NAND to grow at the speed of semiconductors. It's -- obviously, storage has a very important part, and several of the vendors called out how important storage is even for AI and that it will grow. So, I think for us, it's been slow, but we expect it to grow over time and memory in total to be about a third of our sales for WFE. And then, Gary, back to you whether anything specific on HBM...
Brice Hill: Hi, Tim, thanks for the question. The only quantification that I gave in prior quarters was that our DRAM as a whole was up more than $500 million in the quarters where we had that incremental. So, I think I'll just leave it at that and say it's more than $500 million in each of the last three quarters. And as we look into the second half, it doesn't drop completely to zero in Q3, but it drops significantly and then it's pretty close to zero in Q4. And our mix to China revenue for the company, as I highlighted to an earlier question, will be about -- in the range of 30%, which is normal for us. So, I think that's as close as I can get on that. Thanks for the question.
Brice Hill: Hi, Joe, thanks for the question. Yeah, for China, what I would say is the last three quarters have been very strong. So, if we're speculating about a slowdown or a digestion period, one of the reasons I didn't reemphasize that is we're kind of going by what we're seeing. So, we had two strong quarters, Q1, Q2. Our Q3 guide again has strength in ICAPS and a strong fourth quarter for China. When we think about the world right now, I think we have three regions growing and the rest of the regions not growing. So that corresponds with the end markets sort of being mixed at this point. Our view of China overall, the team showed a pie chart of the different device elements of WFE last year. ICAPS was about 40% of WFE by that pie chart on May 2 that was put out. China is our largest market in ICAPS, and we monitor that carefully. We've got about -- we've got a large number of customers. We're tracking about 30 different -- more than 30 factory projects that are in ramp process. In other words, they have capacity, they're adding capacity, they're ramping. We're tracking utilizations. Utilizations are improving. We understand yields are improving. So, we think that the China market will be very large and important market for us going forward. We said we don't see a cliff for that market, and I think we'd stick by all those remarks at this point.
Brice Hill: Yeah. Hi, Mehdi, it's Brice. I guess I'll take that one. We do expect -- I can't tell if it's a greenfield question or not, but we do expect increased wafer starts across definitely ICAPS, definitely leading logic, a smaller amount in DRAM. And probably the place where we don't really expect increased wafer starts is in NAND, but that will still be upgrades. So, most of the memory technologies are upgrades. But it will be a combination of new technologies and new plant and equipment across the board.
Brice Hill: Thanks, Mike. I think we've done a good job anticipating the roadmap inflections in datacenter AI. We can see the pull for our solutions in gate-all-around chips, from transistors to frontside wiring and backside wiring and in advanced packaging. Same goes for DRAM, where we're number one in materials engineering and especially strong in HBM stacking. In future calls, we'll have a lot more to say about our positions in edge, AI and IoT plus automotive and clean energy, which are very big and long-term drivers of our ICAPS business. The momentum in our systems business fuels our service business, which is driving very stable subscription-like growth and helping us increase the dividend at an accelerated rate. Gary will be at the Bernstein Conference in New York on May 30, and I hope to see many of you at the BofA conference in San Francisco on June 6. Thank you, Mike. Let's close the call.
