Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Applied’s First Quarter of Fiscal 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Brice Hill, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied’s most recent Form 10-K filing with the SEC. Today’s call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today’s earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on our website at ir.appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I have a calendar announcement. On Monday evening, February 26, Applied will host a panel at the SPIE Advanced Lithography and Patterning Conference in San Jose. Joining us will be leading experts from NVIDIA, Intel, imec and Siemens EDA. We’ll also have demo stations with several new products and technologies, we’ll be introducing at the event. There won’t be a webcast, so we hope you’ll join us in San Jose. And with that introduction, I’d like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Brice. Our goal is to help as many of our analysts as possible. With that in mind, please ask just one question on today’s call. If you have another question, please re-queue and we’ll do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let’s please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thanks, Charles. And operator, we’re getting close to the end of the session. So if we have time for one more quick question, please.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thanks, Brice. And we’d like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of today’s call is going to be available on the IR page of our website by 5 o’clock Pacific Time, and we’d really like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Brice Hill: Hi Stacy, thanks for your question. So in the current – in the quarter we just closed, we did see high shipments of China DRAM. And it was approximately the same in terms of the higher quantity as we saw in Q4. And just to be clear, we will expect another quarter in Q2, in our outlook quarter that it should remain elevated. I think for the Q4, we had said it was approximately $500 million increase on the DRAM side, that’s probably a good estimate for all of those quarters. And then the second part of the question, as we look through the rest of the year, we’ll expect that to normalize. Our China mix should normalize from the levels it’s at right now to something that’s more typical with our average.
Brice Hill: Well, I would say from a long term – from a many year perspective, we averaged approximately 30%. So if we’re at 45% right now will decline across the year to somewhere around that level.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Vivek. No real change, I think, in our outlook for 2024, in terms of shaping how those end markets are evolving. So, we do think DRAM will continue to be a strong market. We think NAND will improve from its low levels a little bit. We think leading logic will be larger as gate-all-around and new investments start to ramp towards the back half of the year. And we do think there will be some digestion in ICAPS in China, both. Just to be crystal clear, we had enormous growth for two years in ICAPS and the China-related ICAPS business. And so we won’t see that enormous growth this year. It may be a little bit smaller. We think there’s some digestion with that capacity. But we expect that market to grow over time along with the underlying rates for the company. So that’s – those – the shape of those end markets hasn’t changed in our outlook.
Brice Hill: Well, all we can do is tell you what we see from Applied’s perspective. When we commented on 2023, we said it was a strong year for Applied. And to the way you asked your question, we had strong ICAPS. We had strong DRAM; we were strong in growth in packaging. And so as we look toward 2024, those are the puts and takes. We’re not going to give a precise number for 2024.
Brice Hill: Okay. So I’ll tackle the first part, and then I know Gary wants to tackle the second part of the question. So on outperforming in 2024, CJ, we do expect, because of our exposure to the fast-growing markets and some of the inflections growing quickly in 2024. We do expect to outperform. We’re not making a call on the size of the market. It’s like you said, there’s a couple of markets that are growing, the ICAPS market and the China piece, we think won’t grow. And so we’re not making a call on which is the stronger trend. And I don’t know if we know. So we’ll see how the year plays out from that perspective. And Gary, on the show.
Brice Hill: Hi Chris, thanks for the question. When we look at the market currently, we’re seeing improvements in inventories, and we’re seeing improvements in utilization. So it’s starting to pick up. That’s pretty much across – that is across the entire market on the utilization side. And then what we’re hearing from customers is optimism, generally speaking, for 2025. We would echo comments we’ve heard from others that the semiconductor end market for devices is expected to be growing. And it’s an investment cycle on the leading edge. We’re expecting the memory markets to continue to improve. So 2025, we are optimistic about the direction for 2025.
Brice Hill: Thanks, Atif. Appreciate the question. So yes, our gross margin reported in Q1 was 47.9%. We think that we’ve modeled what it would be without the higher China mix, and our view is the underlying gross margin is approximately 46.7% at this point. So as we go through the course of the year, we expect that gross margin to come down from 47.9%, to a more normal amount. At the same time, where we are underneath that, the 46.7% will continue to improve slowly, if that makes sense. So, if you normalize Q1 immediately, you’d be at 46.7%. We expect that to improve through the course of the year. And then we’re not changing our goals. Our goal is 48% to 48.5% for 2025. That’s still where we’re targeting as we work on pricing improvements and continue to work on our cost road map.
Brice Hill: Hi Srini, since I’ve seen a lot of the modeling, I’ll just share a couple of those data points. So on the first question, its wafer starts when we think about the 5%, its wafer starts. I think it is difficult to estimate the equipment purchases at this point because you probably understand that the DRAM business itself has been underloaded as most of the markets have. So I think what many of the customers are doing is shifting some of their capacity to HBM, to get this output. Gary highlighted in his prepared remarks that the dye sizes for the are larger than the non-HBM. So it certainly will help drive up utilization, which will eventually increase equipment orders going forward. And we do think the DRAM business, if you look at the past few years, the level of WFE for DRAM, we do think that – it’s been fairly strong, and it will continue to be strong is our expectation. And then the last piece, of course, is customers are having to expand the HBM related apps of their DRAM process. Gary highlighted what that is for us, and that’s growing a lot faster than what you see on the general Equipment side. So my understanding of the DRAM is about 700 steps in a DRAM process and about 15 additional steps, possibly 20 to do the HBM level of that. So for sure, you’ll see customers growing the HBM packaging techniques and capabilities alongside the regular capacity. And then we’ll expect to see utilization increase as time goes on.
Brice Hill: Yes. Toshiya, its Brice. I’ll just make a couple of comments and maybe Gary will add to that. So, on the DRAM side, and this is true for DRAM and NAND, but I’ll start with DRAM. We do see utilization improving, and we also see improvements in prices, and we also see improvements in inventory positions. So we do think that’s consistent with the rising optimism on the DRAM side. The utilizations have been low enough that there’s a ways to go before they have to start thinking about adding capacity. So our view on the market is it’s mostly from a WFE perspective, the nodal upgrades and the HBM that we talked about. And it would be similar for NAND. We’re seeing improvements in inventory, seeing improvements in pricing. Utilization is starting to pick up. And our perspective would be the same as technology advances will be what drives the spending. And we do have signals that, as we suggested that the spending will pick up.
Brice Hill: Okay, Harlan, I’ll make a comment there. I do think those schedule changes that have been in the news, we’re up-to-date on those. So our outlook is consistent with any of those discussions and schedule changes that you’re talking about. On the CHIPS Act, we’ve recently seen news reports about the government beginning to accelerate that process. We’re in the process ourselves of preparing our application on the R&D side and expecting that to open soon. So I think the answer to your question is, yes, it is affecting schedules, but we don’t expect it will change the ultimate destination of those projects.
Brice Hill: Okay, Joe thanks. So I think what we’ve highlighted publicly on ICAPS is that grew approximately 40% in 2022, and it grew faster than that in 2023. And so we wouldn’t change that and be more specific. But to your point, it’s been the strongest market for us. It’s now the largest market for Applied. Gary highlighted that there’s innovations across that market. It’s very important to us from an investment perspective. And so you’ll see us continue to focus on serving that market and the growth. And then the second part was the linearity across the quarters. We’re not giving guidance across the quarters. But since we did highlight that we expect some digestion in ICAPS, and we highlighted we expect leading edge to accelerate. We’ll leave it to you to kind of think about what – which is the stronger force and how the next few quarters go forward. But that is the right shape of those two end markets.
Brice Hill: Okay, Tim. Thank you. So, on the 2023 WFE, we’ve been careful not to engage in the discussion about that. We just shared what our view of Applied’s performance in our view of that market. And for us, 2023 was a strong year. We talked about ICAPS strength. We talked about DRAM strength, Packaging strength, et cetera. And so we’ll just have to wait and see what the third parties say about the size of the market. For us, we saw a strong market. On the China WFE we agree. We don’t see stockpiling. There are a number of new customers. So I don’t know if it’s exactly the partition that you described, in terms of leading and public companies versus not. But, we do think there are a large number of projects that are under investment, where we see over the next four years, added wafer start capacity, planned wafer start capacity that market will be a strong market for us across the planning horizon. And so I think it is a mix. You’ve got real demand there. When we look at the macro, we compare the amount of capacity put in place to local China consumption, and we think they’re still behind the amount of local China consumption. So we think the investments are rational. And actually, the utilizations look okay. They’re lower than rest of the world generally speaking, but they’re improving, and we expect yields to be improving also over time. And then I know, Gary, you’re asking Gary, about the free lunch. We think you’re right from the perspective of no capacity, we’re planning for all of the tools that we sell, whether it’s to China or whether it’s to a government incentivized project. None of these things, we think, increase the amount of equipment installed sort of abnormally such that it’s not going to be used and not going to serve an end market. So we don’t believe that China demand is an end line free launch. We don’t believe the government incentives are a free lunch from that perspective, it’s just affecting a location of needed equipment. Thank you. 
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Joe. So on the DRAM, I think going back to that Q4, the first quarter, we saw elevated DRAM from the China demand. That was the approximation we used for the impact of that. So you’re right, it doesn’t – it’s not going to exactly describe every single quarter, but I think that was a good estimate of the incremental that we’re seeing. So we’ll end up with three straight quarters of incremental DRAM shipping to customers in China for those allowed technologies. And Gary, on the...
Brice Hill: Hi, Brian, it’s Brice. So yes, we’re not going to guide future quarters beyond the outlook quarter. So we’ve given you the shape that we think the end markets will take. And to your point, it’s hard to tell which force will be stronger, whether leading – growing leading edge or a little digestion on the ICAPS side. So we’re not going to call that until we get to those quarters.
Brice Hill: Sure, Tom. It’s Brice. Typically, it’s greenfield. So I think that when companies start the first part of a process, you’re typically putting in greenfield and you’ll shift some of your reused equipment later if you’re able to do that. So that would be my expectation. Thank you. 
Brice Hill: Sure, Mike. What stands out to me from a summary perspective, is that we’ve anticipated the major market trends and we work closely with our customers to invest in the most important technology inflections. I think will be a major beneficiary, as AI and IoT spending grows over the next several years. Our number one positions in gate-all-around, backside power and advanced packaging are higher than our corporate average, which gives me confidence that we’ll continue to gain share.  Beyond our strong portfolio, we’re also making operational progress, which makes me confident we can meet strong demand and make progress in gross margins. Finally, our services growth is accelerating to double digits and generating more than enough profit to fund our growing dividend. Also, I hope to see many of you at the Morgan Stanley conference on March 4. Mike, thank you. Let’s close the call.
Gary Dickerson: Hi CJ. On – just let me start on the outperformance. I think the most important thing to think about is, how we’re positioned for major inflections. So if you think about foundry-logic leading edge, gate all around, backside power distribution, those are incremental billion-dollar opportunities for Applied, where we have an opportunity for more than 50% share, which is very accretive to our overall market share. So we’re really well positioned there. ICAPS, we formed that group five years ago, as I said earlier, 20 major new products have been introduced. We have a strong pipeline of future ICAPS products. And so again, they’re – and we have opportunities to grow in segments like edge and PDC, where we have a lot of momentum. So, I like our position in ICAPS. DRAM, we’ve gained more than 10 points of share over the last 10 years. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, extremely well positioned for the major inflections in DRAM. In packaging, we have the strongest and broadest portfolio. And this is around $1.5 billion of revenue for us in 2024 and an opportunity to double over the next few years. So all of those areas, I think, really set us up for continued outperformance. And then on your question about SPIE, one of the things we’ll be talking about there is Sculpta, just reminding people, that’s a breakthrough pattern shaping technology that provides a simpler, faster and more cost-effective alternative to EUV double patterning. So, we’re engaged with all of the leading foundry-logic customers and expanding Sculpta steps for advanced patterning, including High-NA EUV, and we’re also working with customers on new Sculpta applications. And we expect this business to grow to close to $200 million in 2024, in ramp to around $0.5 billion in annual revenue, in the next few years. Also at SPIE, for those of you that will attend, you’ll hear about new edge and CVD technology for patterning that will be very large growth drivers for the company and enable us to continue to outperform. And just for reference, in patterning, we’ve increased our served market from around $1.5 billion, 10 years ago, to $8 billion now and our share from around 10% to 30%. So when Brice said, I was excited, I am absolutely excited these are some really, really great technologies with very strong customer pull and delivering meaningful growth for the company.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Chris, one thing I would say that for all of these inflections, it’s a tremendous advantage for us to have that broad portfolio. Again, when you think about – one of the examples I’ve used many times is, your processor chip and your smartphone with 15 billion transistors and 60 miles of wiring, which is kind of mind-boggling, when you think about how do we do that? How do we create something like that. There are over 1,500 steps in building that type of chip. And when you’re developing these new technologies, like gate-all-around, like backside power or new DRAM technologies or any of these packaging technologies, the ability to combine and co-optimize these steps is an enormous advantage, enormous that 60 miles of wiring, we have one platform that combines seven technologies under vacuum, to enable that those 60 miles long, very thin wires to move the data at super high speeds, very low resistance and very low power. So it’s completely unique. And that’s about one-third of our portfolio are those integrated solutions. We also have clear leadership in eBeam technology. I talked about our cold field emission electron optics. And that enables us to see those structures, when you’re building gate-all-around, and you want to look at the width of those nanosheets, again, we have unique technology that enables us to learn faster and then we can co-optimize all of those technologies. So as we’re driving our innovation with customers, we’re deeper, we’re earlier, we can see four generations out, relative to those technologies. So super, super deep connectivity. That’s why also I think EPIC is going to be a game changer in how we innovate, the way we innovate. We talked about the relationship with Larry [ph] for innovation and edge computing and ICAPs, all of those things, then we have our advanced packaging lab in Singapore that is also a full flow lab, where customers are working on innovation and new architectures. So Chris, I think that gives us a tremendous advantage. We can see what’s needed earlier. And then the ability to co-optimize all of that gives us a tremendous advantage.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Atif, I would just add that we have made progress pretty much across all customers on pricing improvements. I think we’ve talked before about cost headwinds that we encountered in the supply chain. We’re making improvements there, and as Brice said, we’re committed to hit those goals.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Toshiya, relative to Applied in DRAM as I talked about earlier, we’ve gained more than 10 points of overall DRAM WFE share, over the last 10 years. And then if you look at the technologies for DRAM going forward, periphery moving to higher speed IO, enabled by our leadership logic products, capacitor scaling, we’re achieving patterning share gains. And I’ve talked about very strong position in advanced packaging, including high bandwidth memory; we’re really well positioned there to continue our outperformance in DRAM. And as Brice said or I said earlier also, we think that business is going to remain very healthy for us. NAND for Applied, we see the revenue up a fair percentage in 2024 versus 2023, but the total amount is still far below 2022. So that’s a little bit more color.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, Joe, just let me add. I think our perspective hasn’t changed at all, relative to how we see the market. So we still see semiconductors at $1 trillion by 2030. And if you look at – there’s some powerful drivers in the digital transformation of every industry. AI, certainly, there’s a lot of focus there. And AI server has 8 times more foundry-logic content and eight times more DRAM compute memory content. So as Brice said earlier, and I think as you’ve heard from others, I think there’s a pretty positive perspective on 2025. And I think longer term we have a very positive perspective relative to semiconductor growth, equipment growing as faster, faster and Applied outgrowing the equipment market continuing to outgrow, as we have for the last five years. So I think quarter-to-quarter or half-to-half, frankly, we don’t focus as much on that, as we do this secular growth that we see in this industry and the great opportunities Applied has, as I’ve talked about, relative to the major inflections. So anyway, that’s the way we think about it.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, Joe. On the HBM, again, the HBM packaging is what we talked about increasing to almost $0.5 billion in 2024. And our overall Packaging – overall Advanced Packaging is around $1.5 billion. So that’s kind of how to think about it. About $0.5 billion in HBM Packaging and the total Advanced Packaging for us is around $1.5 billion.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Thanks for the question. So one thing I would point to, one of our largest customers, they talked about what’s driving their road map going forward. They talked about something called design technology co-optimization. So what they said basically was that much of the area scaling they were driving going forward is coming from new structures and new materials. So an example is backside power you can get 30% area savings through that type of a structure with no change in feature size. So I think what – certainly, what we see and we’re working with customers for technology nodes out, past the end of the decade, we see the relative contribution of materials innovations spending going higher, the percentage of that going higher. Gate-all-around, backside power, there’s CFAT technology. There’s many different innovations, Packaging technologies. All of those areas, we have over 50% share opportunity in those inflections that are very accretive. And again, we do see a relative contribution from – of spending for those innovations to go higher over time. I’ll give you one more data point. So gate-all-around. Gate-all-around is a new innovation and the transistor to process the data faster. We see Gate-all-around ramping to more than $1.5 billion for Applied revenue in 2024 and almost double that amount in calendar 2025. So again, those are – they’re very powerful new architecture inflections, where Applied is extremely well positioned.
