Michael R. Splinter: Thanks, Stephen. If we really look at the first half, we think certainly with the visibility that we have so far, we think that they'll be sustainable through the first half of the year. I think the question for the second half of the year is we see that NAND spending will continue to rise in the second half of the year, and it's just a question of how much foundry will soften if it softens during that period.
Michael R. Splinter: Jim, we really make these agreements with customers just a couple of times a year that really frame how we're going to do business. So I don't think that there's anything that's not predicted. But I think that this is just part of the consolidation that we're seeing, and especially when you think about the trends that are happening in the industry where the smartphone supply chain kind of gets -- is also consolidated to a few players. It's not surprising that we're going to continue to see this high rate of concentration.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, you were breaking up a little bit, but I think I got the essence of your question. And we've been doing a lot of thinking about this particular issue. And the essence, I think, of what's happening kind of has a few elements. First of all, the smartphone and tablet demand is accelerating. So it's pretty fast, and to keep up with that ramp, foundries are going to have to move more quickly. Over the last couple of years, die sizes have doubled or you could say die sizes are kind of going up at a 50% a year kind of level, which is pretty unprecedented for the applications, processors, which are the major silicon consumer there. Then the other thing is that because these die sizes are going up, you've got to move to the leading edge very, very quickly. And as we've all certainly seen, as these smartphones change model, everybody moves to the new model immediately. So there's a lot of pressure for foundries to be ahead on capacity and be in a position to supply the demand that's coming, even though their utilization might be not the 95% or 90% where they use to wait until that point to order significant amount of new capacity.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, C.J., if we would take the midpoint, if I could just kind of move your question to if you kind of look at our midpoint of down 7% or so, it's close enough to down 5%, we think that you'd have to see equal first half, second half. And that the kind of puts and takes there would be more NAND spending, a little less foundry spending and a little more DRAM spending, logic, kind of ratable across the year. So if we would think that we're going to be able to get to the high-end of that range to flat, I think we'd have to see a little more foundry spending, probably a little more NAND spending.
Michael R. Splinter: Edwin, we think the automotive market is coming back and electronics in there, especially power electronics is going to help drive a little pickup in 200-millimeter. But I think we would be happy if we improve margins and it was flat to up year-over-year.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, I think if we, first of all, just say NAND spending, I think that talking to customers, it would be the broadening out from the current set of customers to at least one additional customer that we believe is going to make some more significant NAND investments in the second half of the year. Our expectation for DRAM is very modest, so it's just kind of a timing of when they're going to make their investments to move their lines to the next generation. They have -- just to be competitive, they have to keep moving node to node to node. We don't expect any capacity investments in DRAM at all.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. First of all, our view on EUV is pretty consistent with what you said. I just add to that, that as it comes into production, it's really going to come in at one layer, probably contact layer first, get into production for one year or maybe another layer as we go through time. But I think the insertion, because of the costs are going to -- and need to get to productized are going to be relatively slow. So the net of that is that double patterning, quadruple patterning is pretty much here to stay. We kind of view that our SAM gets increased by about $800 million with those applications today as it gets applied to more layers, that'll grow over the next few years. So we think with or without EUV and how it's going to go into production, not much change to the current trends.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, well, the Japanese companies typically are on a different fiscal year. And if you look at their order pattern over time, it always moves with more of a 6-month cycle than a 3-month cycle. So I [ph] know that I could say anything more intelligent about what -- how their business goes, but for us, it's clearly exposure to foundries. Our strong position with those foundries that are buying today. And so that's really the essence of it for us quarter-over-quarter and how we see the first 6 months of the year.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure. So I said some things during my prepared remarks, but maybe I can just kind of summarize. On the macro, on wafer fab equipment spending including everything, including MOCVD, we saw a pretty big spending shift towards lithography. That spending shift basically on a percentage basis, shrinks our TAM or shrinks our SAM. So we saw a 2- to 3-point downward shift because of that during 2011, primarily -- and that was -- caused a lot of line upgrades, also in logic, a big shift to immersion lithography. We expect that to -- and you can kind of see the change now that we're maybe through that period except for DRAM. I think DRAM's only going to do technology upgrades for a while. But as we look at our product line, we think we have great opportunity to gain share virtually in every area. We did gain share in all of our major areas. ECP gained double digits last year. We gained in metal deposition, in CVD. We lost in CMP and etch where we have good chance to bounce back this year and gain points there. In our Inspection division, we gained last year, at least one point of overall share. We expect, with wins we’ve already seen this year, that we'll also gain this year. And in that area, in Inspection, we really had a shift in the business over the last few years to really the bulk of our business was with the top 3 or 4 manufacturer customers as opposed in previous years, it was quite different. If there's any specific product line that you'd like to know about, we can cover it or we can cover it after the call.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. Certainly, back in November when we started, we certainly underestimated where we thought we would -- where we are today with semiconductor equipment sales. As we said, really, the thrust by foundries to get capacity in place has been the biggest part of that. Our flat panel display seems to push out -- has been pushing out. We've been expecting factories in China that buildings have been built to start to get facilitized. Those things seem to be getting pushed out. We're seeing a little bit of capacity digestion in touch panels right now, but we do expect that technology and that product line to come back with the growth in tablets and during this year sometime. In solar, I think this is pretty much what we expected. If anything, we're surprised by how strong the end demand is. So if we look at the kind of effective capacity there, we think there is kind of effective capacity of 40 -- a little over 40 gigawatts. There is nameplate capacity over 50 gigawatts, but when you look at who can make solar cells that will sell, it's really a little bit over 40 gigawatts. If demand gets up to 35 gigawatts, this year, that's a significant closure of the gap of the capacity demand gap that we're dealing with right now. And you could see a more normal kind of buying pattern than we're seeing today.
Michael R. Splinter: We can always hope that the smaller guys, but they've been awfully resilient in this industry over a long period of time. What we're trying to do here is work closely with the customers, understand their needs and timing so that we don't, first of all, invest too soon or too late, that we put our investments in the places that are going to be needed. I said earlier that we're looking at the early test wafer systems. And we're pretty specifically focused there because that's what our customers need first. So that test wafers can be run, robotics can be tested, defects can be measured and the like. So we're going to make sure that Applied Materials is very well positioned going into 450 millimeter so that our solutions are there for the customers. We're solving their problems in the 300-millimeter generations ahead of 450 millimeter because we believe that there is a lot of risk in transitioning to 450-millimeter. If we can maximize our position in 300 millimeter going into that transition, that will be the best possible scenario for Applied Materials. Then we have to make sure we're managing our spending very tightly so that we don't get ahead of the game or behind the game. But we're going to be lockstep with the customers is the best way that I can try to describe it.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, well, I'm certainly excited about all of them. But if you make me pick 1 or 2, especially focused in on the transistors where we're going to see a lot of change. We're going to see a lot of change on the memory cells. So we're getting ourselves prepared to help customers make those transitions. Epi has been one of those areas that doesn't get noticed a whole lot. It's a product inside of our front-end products group. But pretty much now with each generation, there is an added Epi step, at least in Logic and foundry. In the future, we’re going to see a need for Epi in the channels, so we'll have additional Epi steps. We'll see probably in generations to come, Epi needed on memory devices to enhance the performance of the transistors. And then as we go to vertical NAND, I think we got a lot of opportunity on both our deposition, our CVD products and our PVD products. And finally, if you look across all these different things, they're all going to need more and more implants. It was part of the analysis that we did when we bought Varian, but we see the number of adjustments and dialing in of the performance of the various transistors to accelerate with time here. So we think that, if I really, really have to narrow it down, then I get to Epi and implant.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, maybe we could wait for that projection until our March Analyst Meeting. I think we'd feel a little more comfortable and have a little better view of what's going to happen in the second half. I think you get an idea from the discussion about there's pretty good momentum in our view that wafer fab equipment spending will be over $30 billion. So I think we're quite confident on where we'll be with our semiconductor and service. The service division will grow quarter-by-quarter through the year. I think where there are still a lot of uncertainty as in our other 2 divisions, the Display and EES, on exactly how their performance is going to trend through the year. So if you'd give us a little bit of a pass for a few weeks here before our Analyst Meeting, I will give you a lot more detail then.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, our etch business is very much towards DRAM and memory in particular. So especially during this last year, we suffered quite a bit because of the low spending in those areas. Spending mix was down, so that certainly hurt our Etch business substantially. Where we're really focused with the etch business is on the patterning applications. We think that the solution that we have with Centris offers better performance, certainly better productivity and uniformity than the competition. So we think our focusing in into that area should give us an opportunity to grow back some share this year and then in the years to come. In CMP, it was really just a spending shift, who is spending more, who is spending less. And I think that we'll see a pop back on CMP share this year to previous high levels.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. I'm not sure of everything they said. But NAND certainly benefited from being able to go faster than Moore's law for many, many years. So I think that's one of those impacts that's affecting NAND. I still think the biggest cost reducer is how much of their mix they can put on multicell -- multi-bit devices. But I think the demand is going to continue to grow pretty rapidly because of this mobile trend. So perhaps more of the footprint -- more of the dollar footprint ends up in NAND or we decide we don't need as much capacity. But I think the trend has been pretty clear that for servers with Windows 8 and ultrabooks coming in SSDs will grow dramatically. And the amount of flash in the rest of the mobile world will grow with each generation. We're working very hard, double patterning, quadruple patterning works the best in flash. Then moving to a vertical NAND structure should allow them to get significant cost-per-bit reductions. So we're working very closely with them. We think we have some enabling technology, especially for vertical NAND. But that's still a few years away from getting to production, but those discussions are happening today.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, we think it’s -- certainly above 40%, more like 50% if we start to see a bit growth over 50%, we think some capacity will have to be added. But last year was pretty close to 50% and we didn't see -- we just saw, really, conversions coming through. So we'll wait and see, but I think the key still with DRAM is how fast do PCs and how fast the ultrabooks get adopted, and how many -- how much DRAM capacity per PC. That starts moving up, you could easily see 50% growth, but we just don't see it today.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, if we would go to the low end of the spectrum, we would not see -- we would see DRAM stay at the low level that we're seeing in the first half and we'd see a bigger drop-off in foundry and logic.
Michael R. Splinter: I think it will remain roughly flat in 2012, maybe down a little bit as a percent as the trend that we cited for last year played out.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure, well, we certainly weren't surprised by that move. Obviously, we've been on this strategy for a while with the acquisition of Semitool and then Varian. So that's we certainly been trying to position ourselves ahead of the competition. As far as this particular move, we're pretty familiar with both of these companies and have competed with them for many, many years. As we cited, we think we've been in a strong position and improving our share in electroplating and in CVD and PVD, which have been prime competitive fronts with one of those 2 companies. We've had less success in etch, but we know certainly the game plan here, and feel like we know how to compete, and we'll meet them in the marketplace as we always do.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, I don't think we can really say. I think we tried to outline what we thought on the spending. If we would pick the middle of our range on WFE, we think our performance would be flat first half to second half, but right now it's pretty hard to nail down that range.
George S. Davis: Yes. Thanks, Stephen. The breakeven level coming into the year was about $800 million. And with the actions that have been taken so far, probably see about $100 million come out of that today. And we'll -- again like I said, we'll cover at the March Investor Meeting, we'll update our progress on that.
George S. Davis: Yes, I think you're seeing some cost savings already in the non-semiconductor areas, but we're continuing to increase spending in the semi again. Really, there's just an extraordinary number of activities going on with customers that are important to do right now for positioning. But we'll continue to see improvements in the cost structure in our businesses that are in the bottom of the down cycle. But some of those are variable. So I think the current run rate in the $550 million to $565 million range is probably a reasonable place to assume we'll be.
George S. Davis: Yes, as we said, we said foundry revenues were going to be up significantly. We also see bookings being up as well quarter-over-quarter for foundry customers. Flash had a pretty good bounce last quarter. We see it being kind of flattish, and then, and same with DRAM and logic. So really it's a foundry story as we see it. And that's I guess why we’re calling it the year of the foundry.
George S. Davis: No, I'd say that's a good description of where we are. The -- it's been pretty light on bookings and on revenues at the end of last year, but more so this -- in the first half of this year. We do expect that actually to pick it up though we're seeing signs from customers that they need to add capacity, particularly in selected areas. So we expect it to be a little down overall from last year, but to recover and that will be a source of improvement in the second half.
George S. Davis: Yes. I mean, when we first announced the synergies, Krish, we said that maybe 60% would be coming out of OpEx, maybe 40% in cost of sales. And what we're seeing is much more opportunity in cost of sales. And so we would expect maybe those ratios to change a little bit. We also have seen some additional opportunities in SG&A, so overall, we think that's why we're confident we're going to be able to increase the number. And as we get a little bit further along, we'll set a new and higher target.
George S. Davis: Sure, I've got to throw in a couple of numbers. But obviously, they were non-GAAP accretive, and they're right out the gate as we said they would be. And in the second quarter, as we look, they could be close to GAAP accretive. So they got a lot of leverage in their performance model, as do we. I think that was maybe underestimated by -- as you could see in the consensus, why we came in so much stronger when you saw an uptick in the semi business. So there is just -- their business model works well with ours. The people are outstanding. And not only are we able to help them in areas, but they've got some practices that, quite frankly, that will help us and we're adopting as well. So it's the kind of acquisition you like to see and everything we've seen so far says it's only better than we thought.
George S. Davis: Hey, Chris, that's good question. I think what you're seeing is a couple of factors: Number one, gross margin improving, in general, in our semiconductor businesses with volume and -- but also the gross margin improving as the mix of our business changes in the year. With the softness in our non-semi businesses, what we referred to as the semi-businesses, which is SSG and AM AGS, which is largely serving semi customers, you get a close to a 90% mix now of those businesses which were down in the kind of 80% or less range last year. So you're getting a much better flow-through and that's reflected in the margin.
George S. Davis: The order -- this is George, Vishal. The order concentration was right on top of the revenue concentration, maybe just slightly higher. And again, it's looking sort of equally concentrated in the second quarter.
George S. Davis: It is still the case. But again, the cycle times while they have improved ratably over time, a lot of the turns business reflects certain customers' preferences to kind of bring orders very close to the shipment date even though you have letters of understanding and a lot of dialogue with the customers over time. So some of that turn business is really a reflection of the way of operating in certain customers.
George S. Davis: And again, I think our view is you start to see that change maybe come down a little bit as memory starts to add capacity instead of upgrading [indiscernible].
