Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Applied's second quarter of fiscal 2022 earnings call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Brice Hill, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I have a calendar announcement. Applied will host its next Master Class one week from today on Thursday, May 26th, at 9 o'clock Pacific Time. We'll introduce you to new IMS solutions for chip wiring that solve the resistance challenges of EUV scaling. We'll detail how the industry can build backside power distribution networks that increase logic density by up to 30% at the same lithography. We'll introduce you to new developments in hybrid bonding and heterogeneous integration and will translate these inflections to our product road maps and growth targets. We hope you'll join our technology experts for presentations and Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Brice. To help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question on today's call. If you have another question, please re-queue and we’ll do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let's please begin. 
Michael Sullivan: Yes. And operator, this will be our last question that we'll have time for, just so you know. Thanks Brice.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks, Gary. And thanks, Sidney. Brice, would you like to give us your closing thoughts for today's call.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thank you, Brice, and we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of the call is going to be available on our website by 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. And we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Brice Hill: Great. C.J., thanks for the question. A question about supply constraints and commitments from suppliers and commitments to our customers. Starting with the supply side of the equation, we've been working tirelessly with the entire supply chain to improve output to get toward the levels that we see later in the year and through the horizon on the growing WFE demand. On the commitment side, we've definitely made lots of progress. We look at the situation as frustrated by the lockdowns that we've described. But most of these problems are being solved. And we expect to gradually increase output as we get past this quarter that's right in front of us. If we think about our customers, we've talked about how orders are at the highest level they’ve even been. We’ve talked about how our backlog is increasing. We're not intending to change the commitment in terms of deliveries to our customers. We're working instead to open the aperture on supply and begin working down the backlog, as we start to get more of the critical components in. And we've described our Q4, as we think past Q3 and into Q4, we expect to gradually increase revenue from that point on. So no changes from the customer commits. We'll work on improving the performance as we get the supply chain open, and we've made tons of progress with our suppliers.
Brice Hill: Yeah. Thank you for the question. I think the first question, we're not – we've actually seen the backlog continuing to grow. So that's been a dynamic that's been consistent for the last quarters. And it's not something we're celebrating. We're looking to open the aperture and begin supplying at a faster rate and work the backlog down. But at this point, we still have more than two quarters of backlog looking forward. As far as the missing modules go, we won't specify exactly what the overhang from quarter-to-quarter is, but you've got the right dynamic. We are shipping a number of tools that are missing one or two parts for the accountants and the investors. We cannot recognize revenue until we complete those tools. So as we work through the quarter, we work to complete all of the tools we've shipped at customer. There are some that are incomplete. We haven't recognized revenue for those. Those go into the next quarter as we get the critical components. It's not a significant overhang. And I wouldn't look at it as necessarily a head start into the next quarter. When we think about our guidance to the next quarter, we have carefully mapped out all of the supplies from our supply chain and how they'll help us close the machines that we need to complete in the field and also the orders for the quarter, and so when you think about that overhang, it's not overly significant, but it does exist. Thanks for the question.
Brice Hill: Thanks Mark. This is Brice. I'll just make a quick comment on the open the aperture concept there. So, what I'm thinking is if you look at our inventory position, our inventory increased $500 million quarter-over-quarter. Our capacity is high, higher than where we're operating today. And our backlog is very large. So from my perspective, we're poised to grow quickly. And what we need to do is get the supply chain on the key components operating. We need to ramp the factories in Shanghai, get the supply chains open and keep going. So, the concept there was just if you think about the aperture of a nozzle or a hose or something like that, just open it up faster so that we can actually execute what we're prepared to execute. And I think the best place you can see that is in our inventory position looking forward.
Brice Hill: Krish, thanks for the comment. It's Brice. I'll take a shot at this first and see if Gary wants to add anything. The first thing I want to say in case someone joined and didn't hear the situation early. The situation that we see today is that we're getting more and more orders each quarter. Our backlog is increasing. Our customers are calling us, telling us to speed up. And our customers' customers are calling us to speed up. And when we look at utilization, we've talked about this in previous calls and Gary mentioned it in his overview. When we look at utilization, we track utilization of equipment across the entire industry in all applications, in memory, in foundry, in ICAPS, et cetera. And we see utilization at record levels. So finding my way back to your question, you asked where would we see any change if the environment turned. We think the first place we would see that is you wouldn't get new orders. So the fact that we're getting such a high degree of new orders says that not only our customers trying to reschedule their orders or thinking about a different schedule on their own, they're actually adding to it. The second place we would see it is, there's been discussion of some of the consumer demand, companies may be having less demand. But the second place you would see it is actually wafer starts and we’re not seeing it there either. So we're not getting any of those signals. But to be -- answer directly, we would see it in the new orders slowing down. I think that would be the first place we see it. We're not seeing that today.
Brice Hill: Thanks, Toshiya. I'll start with that. So on the pricing, first, I'd like to communicate that we're doing everything we can to offset the cost side of the equation. So we've got more than a couple of points of headwind over the last few quarters and being off our model. And those things go to things that we've described as we've gone along. It's the labor and overtime. That's higher expense. It's the materials inputs. It's the freight and expedites that we're having to pay. And because we can't get all the tools out right now, there's a little bit of a mix impact. When we think forward in our 46% gross margin guide, it does include some pricing improvements in Q3. And those will grow over time as they get more traction and we work those across along with the cost reduction efforts we have for the company. So as we think about Q4, we're focused on improving logistics, improving the supply chain, making cost reductions with some of our key projects in terms of reengineering and finding more commodity solutions for some of our products. So those are all things that we'll do to bend back the cost side of the equation and help us and help our customers. And then on the pricing side, you'll see that increase over the coming quarters, gradually helping each of Q3, Q4 and then Q1. And then on the scope, I think the scope is very broad, and I'll let Gary comment on that.
Brice Hill: Yeah. Thanks, Harlan. This is Brice. I'll start on that one. So we do think you're right from the perspective of the growth has been metered this year for sure. And so I think we talked about one of the earlier questions kind of the level we're running from a WFE versus what the natural level will be if we can open things up and speed up in Q4 and Q1. So I think the way we would think about it is we're a few quarters behind what raw demand is, and that's probably what's happening across the industry. When we think about the sustainability of the demand, we study all the end markets, as you've described, all the different ICAPS markets, the edge devices, the leading-edge logic area, et cetera, including the memory components. And we see – we see a consistent growth across the horizon from a demand perspective. So this just looks like it’s the supply chain situation is going to meter the beginning of the cycle. And it gives us confidence as we think forward over Gary mentioned that we're starting to look at demand into 2024. We have high confidence that as we ramp up, that demand will continue through 2023 and even into 2024 as the industry works to work on its backlog and work on catching up to the real demand that's underneath.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think, first of all, on the hiring, you're right that there's a significant amount of manufacturing hiring as the flow in manufacturing isn't perfect at this point as we have to react to sort of less predictable inventory and supply. And we have burst of manufacturing to meet the customer needs. We also highlighted earlier in the call that we're actually working a number of reengineering projects to improve both the cost profile and the use of alternate parts for some of our products. And we have to do the reengineering and the qualifying of those products. So, that takes personnel. We're also actually helping some of the suppliers with -- improve situation. That takes personnel. And then of course, we're continuing our growth trajectory. Looking at the WFE going forward, we have lots of projects underway from an innovation perspective to continue the roadmap. So, we're continuing on that path. And it's a fair question whether we should in the current environment, but we're definitely looking at the environment as supply constrained. We're going to solve those problems and get back to the growth that we've been forecasting. And we're ready to do that with both inventory and manufacturing capabilities. And on the last point, from a gross margin perspective, it is one of the headwinds in the gross margin. I listed four headwinds. I'll just say them again. It's freight and expedites, labor and overhead, and material, cost and mix. So, as one of those components, we look at those as approximately equal in strength if you want to think about how that looks against our gross margin. Thanks for the question.
Brice Hill: Thanks for the question, Tim. When we think about -- let's start with the guide for this quarter, when we think about the guide for this quarter at $6.25 billion, what we did was we carefully have worked through the supply chain to find out how quickly will the factories -- our suppliers' factories restaff? How quickly will the supply lines open? When are the exact delivery dates that we'll get through the quarter? Will we get them early enough to make the quarter, et cetera? So -- and we've got a slightly wider range. You'll see to recognize that we're forecasting based on a continued and accelerating reopening schedule that is our best intelligence today. So we've got some risk there. When we think forward to the next quarter, we're going to enter the also no inventory on those critical components because we will have used all that inventory to satisfy our Q3 demand. So when we think about Q4, we're saying it is gradually or incrementally larger than Q3. So I think -- thinking of the previous discussion, we don't know yet what Q4 will look like, which is one of the reasons we won't guide it. It will be metered depending on how quickly the supply chain opens up in Q3. We have the manufacturing capability in Q4 to go much faster. We have the inventory on the non-constrained components to go much faster. So there's a wide range of possibilities for Q4. And we just need to continue progress on the key components and lockdown factories in Q3 if that makes sense. And the last thing, I will say though that there's not any perishable demand for us. As you think about one of your questions, would you push that forward? I absolutely think you will push it forward. Nothing will parish in this situation. It's just going to be metered in Q4 by where we are with the supply chain. Thanks for the question.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks for the question. Yes. On the services business, thanks for the question. I think it is important to recognize that the business did grow quarter-over-quarter, 5%. And it did grow 15% year-over-year. And our investors probably know, it's been a key part of our strategy to shift more and more of our services business to the subscription format, because that's better for our customers and it lets us plan better also and provides them more technology, advice and capability. So when we think about the indicators that we give for that business, that portfolio is getting stronger and stronger. And when we see the supply constraints for the rest of the business, it's not surprising to us that that recurring revenue, the way that business is set up is low beta or a little bit more resistant to changes in the rest of the business. What drove the upside was really the high utilization across the ecosystem. There is still a transactional element to that business. And when we talk about utilization across 200-millimeter, 300-millimeter, all of the different product types, it's just 92%, 93%, 94% record levels we talked about. And that drives spares and parts and service components across the entire ecosystem. So that's really where you see the strength in the quarter. We would have been even higher had we had more supply, but we're working on that. And the last piece on COVID lockdown, I guess that was related to supply. So we do think the business could have been stronger in Q2. And we would have served more parts on the parts side of the business. But it's a first priority for us, and we're working on improving that as we look forward. Thanks for the question.
Brice Hill: Absolutely. Thanks, Mike. Thanks, everybody, for joining. Important messages today, demand, very strong, sustainable. We're committed to improving our gross margins and committed to our long-term model. We're working hard to improve our supply situation every day. And I just want to say I'm eager to meet some of our investors. I'll be at the BofA conference in San Francisco and looking forward to that. And Gary will be at the Bernstein conference in New York in two weeks. Thanks, everybody for joining.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, C.J., this is Gary. Yes. What I would add is that, relative to the customer visibility, it's better than ever. A lot of our customers do have longer-term contracts with their customers. And so, we're unfortunately booking all the way into 2024 at this point in time. But as Brice said, we're definitely driving our supply chain to improve delivery times for customers. That's priority one. But I would say our visibility is significantly better. And actually, the conversations that we have with customers relative to visibility is further out than we've ever seen.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Vivek. So on the – on the overhang for the quarter or on the [unshipped] (ph) for the quarter of approximately $150 million, that's the right number. We think if – and that goes specifically toward the lockdowns in April. That hit us in the last month of the quarter. It affected – we have a significant number of our builds in the last month of the quarter. So it definitely put a bump in the supply chain for us. And we think we would have exceeded our guidance had that not happened. When we think about Q3, again, we've mapped out all of the key components into Q3. And what I want to communicate here is, we are forecasting and relying on the factories, our supplier factories, to continue to reopen, continue to be staffed and the shipping lanes to continue to open from that area of the world. And we have intelligence. We have the ramp plans. We have the product plans. So our forecast is built on that. So when you think about the delta for Q3, I would say that, we've done our best on the guidance side. Our capability and our demand is much higher than our guidance for Q3. So, what you see there is a forecast that's metered, if you will, by the speed the supply chain is going to pick back up. And that's why we're also saying we expect in Q4, we'll say for today that we expect incremental improvements, and we'll see how this resolves for the quarter. And then on the last piece, on WFE, we're sort of running at the same rate. You can look at our last few quarters. We've sort of been running at the same rate. You know that last year was a $87 billion WFE. We're probably running today at today's speed in the low 90s from a WFE perspective. So, we would say that's the floor because as you know, we continue to get orders. We have a long backlog. So, at this point, it's just how much can we crank it up as the supply chains open in the Q4, Q1 timeframe. Thanks for the question.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Mark, on the supplier relationships, probably the biggest thing that we're doing differently now is the multi-tier visibility in our supply chain. So, previous to this situation, we never really had to focus on chips and components that are deep in our supply chain. So, now we have that visibility and just very strong and fast support from our biggest customers to close those gaps. But again, those gaps, frankly, are still coming. One of the situations we just encountered in this lockdown -- COVID lockdown that happened on March 28th, we had wafers that were completed from one of our big customers and they were packaged in that region. And again, prior to the situation, we would have never known those wafers were going into that region. But I would say that what's encouraging to me is the engagements we have with those suppliers. We're also extending our planning horizons with those suppliers. We have tremendous focus within all of our different business units with tremendous engineering horsepower focused into the supply chain. So we've made actually some tremendous improvements in fundamental bottlenecks over the last few months. But you can't see it, again, because of the COVID lockdown that started for some of our suppliers on March 28th. And that went on for several weeks really with no people in those factories. And even today, some of those suppliers have significantly less than 50% of the people back in the factory. So this multi-tier visibility is dramatically better. The engineering horsepower we have focused and really, the joint problem solving, I'd say, with our suppliers, it's really been great. There's been tremendous support, really joint problem solving. I just have tremendous appreciation for the focus and the work that all of our suppliers are doing. And Mark, we are making progress again as Brice said, the biggest uncertainty right now is in this COVID lockdown, how quickly is that going to resolve is really the gating factor for us in terms of incremental improvement.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Krish, this is Gary. What I would add is that, I have numerous conversations with a number of different CEOs and really the focus of those conversations is on supply. And in many cases, they do have long-term agreements, multi-year agreements with their customers. And the first priority is tools that they need to qualify for that incremental capacity with all of those customers. But again, the thing I would say that's different from what I've seen in the past, I'm meeting some of our customers' customers. And they're describing really what they need relative to chip content and innovation in the leading edge. Certainly, again, a lot of the conversations are also in the ICAPS space, where those customers have multi-year contracts and visibility, again, with those customers. So I think that's probably the biggest thing. I've never seen that in my entire career in the industry.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Toshiya, what customers are really focused on with Applied is really the first focus is accelerating capacity and really closing the gap between supply and demand. So as Brice mentioned, there's a number of different headwinds there. Customers all understand that. They want us making those investments. And everything that we can do to help them accelerate chip output is a major focus. And then the other thing, I would say that, and by the way, the May 26 master class, I would really encourage many of you to come and see that. The wiring innovations are really one of the biggest bottlenecks in the entire industry. And Applied really has many differentiated unique technologies to solve maybe what's the biggest bottleneck in entire industry for power and performance. But obviously, technology, innovation and value pricing, Toshiya, is also key for our customers in terms of driving innovation and creating value. So anyway, those are the things that our customers are focused on. And as Brice said, it's not limited in terms of scope.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Joe, thanks for the question. So as you mentioned, this year, double-digit, well probably be down roughly 10% versus where we've been in -- will be down about 10% this year. And as Brice said, we really have resized our spending. We've made a lot of investments. I think, as you know, we have very, very high share in the parts of the market that we participate in. But we are committed, as we've discussed in our investor meeting, to returning free cash flow from this business. And so we'll be, as Brice said, able to deliver similar free cash flow even at a lower level. I would say, right now, if we looked out into 2023, we don't really see strengthening today in terms of where that market is going. We will be able to continue to deliver similar levels of free cash flow with the resizing that's in progress. And that business really is leveraging semiconductor deposition technology into larger panels. One thing that's also another synergy for us. If you look at the advanced packaging road map, going to larger substrate sizes, there is technology and display that will strengthen our already strong position in packaging in the longer term. So there are synergies there. It's a good free cash flow business. Longer term, some of the OLED technology barriers, once those are solved, we could see a step up back in that market. But we really don't see that over the next several quarters.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Sidney, this is Gary. Just another point, one of the things that's driving our growth in subscription revenue, subscription services. Our customers are really focused on increased output. So we have part management services. And I can tell you that, many of those customers that have those services are very happy. They don't have shortages and they're increasing chip output. We have managed services to increase yield and optimize productivity for good chip output. That's another one we see tremendous pull from our customer's. And by the way, this is driving increased headcount as we're supporting some of these service opportunities. And then the other thing is ramp services, ramp acceleration services, time to ramp, as I said in my prepared remarks, is months for many of our customers. So every week that we can accelerate the time for those tools to drive chip output, everybody is focused on that. So there are a number of these services that are increasing our subscription percentage, increasing our subscription revenue. Again, that's really in the theme of everybody's focused on good chips out as fast as they can.
