Michael Sullivan - Vice President: Thank you. In a moment, we'll discuss the results for our first quarter which ended on January 31. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Bob Halliday, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements including Applied's current view of its industries, performance, products, share positions, profitability and business outlook. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, and are not guarantees of future performance. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-K and 8-K filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, projections and assumptions as of February 18, 2016, and Applied assumes no obligation to update them. Today's call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today's earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the Investor's page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan - Vice President: Thanks, Bob. To help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan - Vice President: Thanks, Mark, for your question. And we'd like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Robert J. Halliday: Thanks, Gary. Like Gary, I believe we're in a strong position to deliver profitable growth in 2016, as our customers invest in the technology roadmaps across semi and display. Based on the demand outlooks of our customers, I believe we'll make significant progress this year towards our 2018 financial model, and we will deliver very attractive cash returns to our shareholders. On the revenue line, I'm encouraged by the progress we're making in semiconductor systems market share. While we expect the WFE market to be about the same size this calendar year, we believe our share of WFE will be higher. We expect our SAM share of WFE to expand this year as well. In fact, we believe it will be up seven points compared to 2012. Our Global Services business is on track for a third consecutive year of growth, and we believe our display business will grow for a fourth consecutive year. I'm also encouraged by the progress our teams are making on our gross margin initiatives, and I am still confident that we'll make additional progress in our second half. On the operating expense line, we are tightly controlling our discretionary spending, holding OpEx relatively flat while strengthening R&D. We are making substantial R&D investments to deliver a strong pipeline of new products for emerging inflections. These products are already delivering revenue growth today. At the same time, we're reducing non-GAAP G&A to the lowest level in years. We've made further progress with our tax structure, and I believe we're on track to lower the rate once again this year. We continue to be aggressive with the buyback program. We've repurchased 112 million shares over the past three quarters, which is equal to 9% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the program. So while 2016 is shaping up to be a flattish year for WFE, we believe Applied will outperform our markets, making significant progress towards our financial 2018 model and deliver very attractive cash returns for our shareholders. Next, I'll make a few comments about the first quarter. When we delivered financial results that were slightly better than our expectations. Revenue of $2.3 billion declined 5% sequentially, and we slightly increased our non-GAAP gross margin to 42.4%. We held non-GAAP operating expenses within the range, and we delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.26, slightly above the midpoint of the range. Turning to the balance sheet, we used $625 million to repurchase 35 million shares of our stock. We've completed 65% of the $3 billion authorization, and we'll continue to be opportunistic with the program. We also repaid $800 million in short-term debt and redeemed a $400 million bond scheduled to mature in June. Turning to the segments, Silicon Systems orders were 12% lower sequentially. Within the mix, only DRAM orders were higher. Our Silicon backlog remained healthy at $1.6 billion, and while revenue declined in Q1, we believe our demand will increase in Q2 and the second half. Our AGS orders reached $773 million and set another all-time quarterly record. AGS sequential revenue was slightly lower, consistent with seasonal patterns. Our display orders were down 6% sequentially, but remained up year-over-year. Our display revenue increased 12% sequentially. Bear in mind that display orders and revenue will continue to be lumpy. EES turned to modest profit even as revenue remained at low levels. Now, I'll provide our business outlook for Q2. We believe our overall net sales will be up by 5% to 10% sequentially. Within this outlook, we expect Silicon Systems' net sales will be up by 11% to 17%; AGS net sales should be flat to up 5%. We expect our display net sales to be down by 20% to 30%, and EES net sales should be approximately $55 million. Our non-GAAP gross margin should be approximately flat, and we plan to hold non-GAAP operating expenses in a range of $565 million, plus or minus $10 million. We are forecasting a Q2 non-GAAP tax rate of 17%, and we believe non-GAAP EPS will be in the range of $0.30 to $0.34. So in summary, we see 2016 as a year when a broad range of our customers invest in leading-edge technology across semi and display. Our investments have put us in a position to grow our served market, revenue, share and earnings. While we're mindful of the macroeconomic concerns, we believe 2016 will be a strong year for Applied Materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Mike for questions.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure, C.J., I'll take a shot at that. We're not going to give specific orders guidance, but we have said, we do believe that the second half is stronger than the first half. We do believe that the first half is a little bit more weighted to NAND, whereas the second half is more weighted to stronger performance in foundry, logic and DRAM. So we do see a stronger second half. And incrementally, we see strong performance for Applied in the second half, because of our position on V-NAND throughout the year and also foundry and the 10-nanometer conversion. So we think the second half does feel more positive than the first half, and our position is pretty good in the second half.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure. We said on the last call that first half of fiscal 2016 would be flattish with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 when we did 42.2%. We did 42.4% in first quarter this year. We're guiding to about the same in Q2. So we're a little above what we thought we were a quarter ago and we still believe that the second half is up from the first half. We've said in the last call there to be a 200 basis point roughly increase from first half to second half. We think the full year is still positive as we've said. We think we exit the year. We think we're up in the second half. But given that we're a little ahead of plan in the first half, I don't know if there's a 200 basis point improvement from first half to second half.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure. I'll take a shot at that. The – so if you look at it, the disconnect is, we think that NAND is stronger in the second half than the first half and we think there's an increase in traction around V-NAND – I'm sorry NAND is stronger in the first half than the second half. And you'd say, well, why did you have bigger DRAM orders and not NAND? We had already booked some. If you go look back to Q3, Q4, of 2015, we had very large bookings, and some of those were V-NAND bookings. Secondly, we see increasing traction. So if you see why we're beating in Q2, it's around two things in particular. It's around China and a wider proliferation of V-NAND. So we do see the momentum on V-NAND and we're pretty comfortable that it's going to happen.
Robert J. Halliday: So right now, there's about 1.4 million wafer starts in the world of NAND. Through the end of calendar 2015, 150,000 had been converted. We think cumulatively through the end of 2016 there's going be 350,000 to 400,000. So through the end of 2016, 400,000 of 1.4 million available have been converted. We think most of those get converted over time. This year, we think NAND spending is about $8.7 million. And we think it's sustained to pretty good levels over the next three years for this conversion. Does it stay that high? I'm not sure, but it's a pretty healthy number.
Robert J. Halliday: The service contracts are a good leading indicator of revenue and they are also a good leading indicator of sustainability of revenue, because you build in that relationship over time, and customers get greater value from us, frankly. And so, it's a win-win both ways. In terms of how you recognize it through the revenue plan, it is happening. A couple of things are happening though in the quarter. One, you did have the Chinese New Year and a little bit of slowdown started up earlier in Q1. So we book a lot of contracts typically in Q1, but the revenues – it's not a high revenue quarter, and fab utilization was okay in the quarter, so in terms of tactical sales of spares and services, not super high. And then 200-millimeter tools are in that number too, and those go up and down a little bit.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure, we segment it in a couple of ways. One, we talk about historically between TVs and smaller screens, and the smaller screens historically have been split between OLED and non-OLED. Last year, mostly what we've sold was OLED. It was the encapsulation tools. Those were OLED-like. We talked about bookings last year of $150 million. Many people in the mainstream media speculate that there will be a more rapid transition, particularly in the small screens, to OLED. We are pretty well positioned for that. In terms of split of revenues, we said earlier in the year that our split of revenues that we were projecting for this year between small screens and larger screens, TVs and smaller screens, I think we were like 60% for the small mobile devices and about 40% for the others, mostly TVs. If anything, we think we're better positioned if there's an inflection that goes more strong in OLED. So over time we think there's probably more and more of that. Now put in perspective, we are much better positioned than we were several years ago there in terms of products and breadth of products. And there are about twice as many layers on OLED devices and LED screens. So I think we're very well positioned. The inflection seems to be happening, but we haven't talked specific numbers. And it won't hit our revenue line right away because these tools take about nine months to build.
Robert J. Halliday: We've got, as we've talked about, really good momentum in OLED with 3x larger TAM than we've had in the past. Bob talked about the number of steps increasing with CVD, PVD. We've entered thin film encapsulation also, so that gives us another growth driver. So we're very optimistic in terms of the growth opportunities in display. We are working on some other areas that would expand our TAM, but we're not ready to talk about those.
Robert J. Halliday: Let me try to answer and help. Most of the activity we're seeing tactically is from existing customers; existing customers in China already and existing customers outside of China who are increasing their footprint in China. We hear about people interested in technology and in acquisitions, but we're not really involved in that.
Robert J. Halliday: I don't think we've changed much, frankly. I think we were flattish, slightly up last time. We're flattish now. I don't think there's been much change, frankly. I wouldn't read too much into it.
Robert J. Halliday: I think mix has changed a little bit. In other words, we think some of our foundry customers are more committed to their spending, giving us orders. Some of the others seem to be hesitating. So we think the mix has changed a little bit from last quarter.
Robert J. Halliday: It should help some. If you go look at why it would be up from the first half through to second half, it would be because some of foundry mix – some cost reduction is helping us and some is maturing of new tools. The thing that helps us a little bit ahead of schedule in the first half is we had some pull-in a little bit of some of the foundry customers that we have. And this is some of the lagging node stuff as much as anything, where we have strong share and positions. So foundry does help us generally, because the mix of tools is more advantageous for us there.
Robert J. Halliday: I think display gross margins will improve over time. I think that in this year of early adoption of some of these new tools, I think they're okay. And then they get better through the end of the year into next year. The second thing that we talked about I think on the earlier calls is that the mix of tools we sell into small screens versus TVs. TVs is a sweet spot for us in terms of mix of tools and gross margins. It's a little bit different mix down at the smaller screen side with little lower gross margins. And as we mature our positions there, they should get pretty good. So by the time we're done, you'll see gross margins more attractive in display over the next year or two.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure, let me see if I can do this efficiently. Our customers tend to think of these as sister nodes now, 20-nanometer, 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer, and then 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer. They do the interconnect stuff more on the first leg and they do the transistor stuff more on the second leg. So they tend to ramp quickly through the first leg, whether it be 20-nanometer or 10-nanometer, to get to 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer, or 7-nanometer. And so my guess, 10-nanometer won't be a long node. They're already going to start doing parallel work on the 7-nanometer, and so it won't be a long node. The total node of 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer, the sister might be an attractive node, but they've got to get to 7-nanometer. Okay, that's one and two. In terms of comparing 20-nanometer/16-nanometer/14-nanometer to 10-nanometer/7-nanometer, there are differences. You have to look at what the backfill is from the previous node on a lot of this stuff. So if you look at 20-nanometer, they change the interconnect, but it was the last planar transistor, it wasn't a FinFET. So the attractiveness in terms of processing power and battery, processing speed and battery is a lot better on a FinFET. So that you didn't have a lot of people pull to go to 20-nanometer, they waited for 16-nanometer. You don't have that disadvantage when you're going from 16-nanometer to 10-nanometer. So there will be a lot of tapeouts still coming at 16-nanometer from people who went from 28-nanometer and so forth. So you're not going have back this back-filled gap you had at 20-nanometer. So point number one, 10-nanometer/7-nanometer are probably attractive. They get through 10-nanometer pretty aggressively. You won't have as big a gap as you've had at 20-nanometer because 16-nanometer will backfill and tapeouts will increase.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure, the total authorized buyback was $3 billion. Through the end of fiscal Q1, we've done $1.950 billion, so we have $1.050 billion left under the existing authorization. The way we execute the authorization is we look at multiple valuation metrics of the company and we set up a table, such that if the stock price is attractive based on, frankly, longer-term metrics, then we will buy stock. So we pretty aggressively bought stock the last three quarters. We started to get a little bit tight on U.S.-sourced cash in September. So what we did was we were able to trigger home some $800 million of cash as a repatriation of capital without paying tax. And secondly, we raised some money through debt. So right now, about 50% of our cash is onshore at the end of the fiscal quarter. So we think we have enough cash to execute the buyback. And then if we want to continue – we are committed to long-term cash returns to shareholders through dividends and buyback. If we want to continue to buy back after discussion with the board, we believe we can find other sources of cash.
Robert J. Halliday: We said we're about $5 million over in Q1, about $5 million over the midpoint in Q2. So I think we're a $5 million over model for a quarter or two. But I think we're pretty much holding the line.
Robert J. Halliday: 200-millimeter business ticked up last year. 200-millimeter business is driven mostly for things like sensors, CIS devices. There's a growing content of those in your mobile devices and also in things like automobiles. Last year it spiked up as they added capacity. We think sales of 200-millimeter tools this year might be down a little bit, but healthy.
Robert J. Halliday: Generally speaking, we're positive on IoT growth in sensors and things like that. How it translates into used 200-millimeter tools sales, we're not sure past this year.
Robert J. Halliday: Again, these tools take nine months to build, Mark. So I wouldn't read too much into the Q2. I think that the general direction is positive and our position is positive on display. So I think I wouldn't read too much into Q2, that's more of a result of what we booked six months to nine months ago.
Gary E. Dickerson: So, generally, we think that this year is sort of flattish with last year, when last year it was 31.5% to 32%. But the year is a good year for Applied Materials, because if you look at the spending this year, we kind of think foundry, logic are flattish, but the mix within foundry and logic spending in terms of what they're buying, I mean customer profile is very good for Applied. The second thing is within memory, DRAM is down about 20% and we think flash is up about 25%. And the predominant spending in flash is V-NAND. So that transition on V-NAND is particular good for Applied on three levels. One, the absolute level of greenfield spending for first and second generation V-NAND is higher than the absolute spending for planar NAND. The second thing is that the reuse – where they were doing a lot of reuse in the shrink on planar, is significantly less in first and second generation V-NAND, and particularly around tools that we sell. And thirdly, we're gaining on the transition. So I think that the mix within the year plays for Applied, and in terms of our concern, we think the 31.5% type number, maybe a little more on the year is a fair estimate, and we think we've taken the risk you've referenced into account.
Gary E. Dickerson: Sure. The OLED is a great opportunity for Applied. We've talked about the increase in the total available markets there added CVD, PVD, thin film encapsulation steps. So if you do a comparison to amorphous silicon LCD, the total available market is up by about a factor of three for us. In display, we've talked about 2016, we're anticipating it being a fourth consecutive year of growth. And based on everything we're seeing, we're on track to either hit or exceed the 2018 model that we published for display previously. So display, we have tremendous momentum. And certainly OLED, especially in mobile, is a huge opportunity for us. The other thing I would say is that this is really a great proof of our ability to expand materials engineering into adjacent markets.
Gary E. Dickerson: Thanks for the question. Regarding our current strategy, we like our current strategy. The outlook for 2016 we think is very strong. And beyond 2016, we also believe that there are great opportunities for growth. We have a strong position in transistor and interconnect as foundry and logic moves to the new technology node, very strong pull for Etch deposition tools also, especially in the memory space, but certainly in patterning and future technology nodes. We're growing service, growing the display business, and we believe that's sustainable growth in those markets. So overall, we're making tremendous progress towards the 2018 model, and we're optimistic about growth opportunities for Applied, especially when you look at what's driving this year and what's going to drive the future. You have 10-nanometer that is really based on materials – new materials, 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer, new memory technologies, organic LED displays. All of those areas are enabled by materials innovation where Applied has clear leadership. And we think this is a -we're in the early innings of these changes and in driving materials-enabled scaling. So I am personally very optimistic about growth for Applied Materials. Relative to M&A, our strategy continues to be pretty much the same. We continue to look for good opportunities, but we're very selective in what we look at. There are three criteria: financial returns; strategic alignment, especially with our materials engineering technology; and does the company have an opportunity for leadership in whatever segments that they're in. So those are three things we look at. Certainly we keep looking for opportunities, but I am very confident about our growth opportunities, and we are definitely not needy relative to M&A.
Gary E. Dickerson: I can start and then, Bob, if you want to add anything. So clearly there's a lot of activity in China. We see investments by both multinational companies and domestic companies. Applied has a very strong position in China. We were the first company to build capability there about 30 years ago; very strong team, very strong capability, very good relationships and positions with both the Chinese companies and the multinational companies that are moving to China. So we would look at this as certainly an incrementally very good opportunity in 2016. But my feeling is that this is certainly not just a 2016 story; that there's a great opportunity going forward, and for Applied we're very, very well positioned.
Gary E. Dickerson: I think relative to 3D NAND, certainly when I'm spending time with customers, there's a tremendous competitive pressure to move to 3D NAND technology. So all the discussions – and I had met with many customers over the last few weeks, so all of the discussions were focused on that transition. Not everybody is in the same place relative to the maturity or the yield for that technology, but I certainly see that as an overwhelming focus for all of the memory companies.
Gary E. Dickerson: I would say we are engaged with some of these companies, but relative to business coming from those companies right now, it's very minimal. We are engaged with some companies that have future opportunities, but by far and away, the majority of the business today is from existing companies.
Gary E. Dickerson: But it is a big focus, there's no question. 1X is also another one of these competitive battlegrounds where there's a lot of focus.
Gary E. Dickerson: As you've said, we've been there for a long time. We have extremely strong relationships. I mean certainly you have some investment from multinationals moving to China. And the transitions that are happening there are areas where we have strong shares, strong momentum. And the domestic companies that are there, we also have a very strong share position. Historically, those positions have been some of the best that we have within the company and that really – we expect to continue that outlook in 2016.
Gary E. Dickerson: Thanks for the question, Patrick. We have a number of very deep engagements with customers in patterning. Certainly patterning cost is one area that's a big focus, but also from a yield standpoint, edge placement errors are another area that is a big focus for our customers. And this is another area where, again, materials innovation, materials engineering, there are some really great opportunities for us. So as we continue to drive new capabilities with the new products that we've introduced over the last three years, the combinations of those products we also see tremendous opportunity. So the engagements that we have with customers I would say are further out, broader, deeper than we've ever had. And this particular area is one that is a huge focus for all of our customers.
Gary E. Dickerson: We're pretty optimistic on wafer inspection and review for 2016. Our UVision brightfield tool has a good position in foundry and logic. Last quarter we talked about receiving our first revenue for our new E-Beam inspection platform in both memory and foundry. E-Beam technology is the largest part of PDC revenue, our PDC division. We're number one in E-Beam review, and now taking that technology into Inspection, where we have significant pull from customers. So overall in 2016, we're pretty optimistic about that business.
Gary E. Dickerson: I would say that those – the other wafer processing CIS, CMOS image sensors, power devices, RF sensors, all of those areas are definitely areas of growth. And some we're seeing in China with some of the business incrementally in 2016, but definitely that will continue to grow. Whether it's 200-millimeter or 300-millimeter, I think that it may not be 200-millimeter far into the future, but certainly that is definitely an area of growth and opportunity for Applied.
Gary E. Dickerson: Certainly the big inflection right now is in mobile, and we see tremendous opportunity there. TVs is really a longer-term opportunity.
